[PAGE 2]
This is the inaugural integrated report for Nissan. Adding to the ongoing sustainability data book which discloses specific activities and results on sustainability, this report aims to put sustainability in context of our corporate philosophy, long-term vision & strategies, management, and financial standing. We hope this report aids the reader’s understanding on our corporate direction and overall business. In a rapidly changing and uncertain business environment, we recognize the mounting importance of communicating on how Nissan intends to steer its business going forward, and what values we aim to provide. We wish to accomplish this purpose and build on our relationship with our stakeholders through this integrated report. Information Vision/Strategy Results Short-term Long-term Timeframe Integrated report Business report Corporate governance report Securities report Sustainability data book About this publication Editorial policy This report is issued to our shareholders, investors, and other stakeholders. We regard it as a means of communicating with our stakeholders, and informing them of our efforts to achieve sustainable growth from a financial and a non-financial perspective, including ESG criteria. In compiling this report, we referred to the Guidance for Collaborative Value Creation 2.0, issued by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) and the International Integrated Reporting Framework issued by the US-based IFRS Foundation. Period covered by this report The report covers fiscal 2023 (April 1, 2023–March 31, 2024); events outside this period are specified in the text. Organizations covered by this report Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. and the Nissan Group, including Nissan Automotive Europe and Nissan North America, Inc. Caution regarding forward-looking statements Forward-looking statements in this report are based on currently available information and involve risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, actual results may differ significantly from these statements, due to future economic conditions surrounding Nissan’s business areas, market trends, exchange rate fluctuations, and other factors. Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents Integrated Report 2024 1

[PAGE 3]
Nissan’s Value Creation Story Overview 8 CEO Message 12 13 15 Value Creation Process Long-term vision: Nissan Ambition 2030 Business Plan: The Arc 25 27 32 Sustainability at Nissan Environmental: Nissan Green Program 2030 Feature: Toward carbon neutrality throughout the entire lifecycle Feature: Realizing a Circular Economy Social: Nissan Social Program 2030 Feature: Human Resource Strategy Feature: Transforming Our Corporate Culture 3 4 5 6 DNA Creating value over the years Purpose and Mission At a Glance 1 About this publication Section: 01 Section: 02 Management supporting our value creation 37 38 41 Independent Outside Director, Chair of the Board of Directors Message Corporate Governance List of directors / skills matrix 42 43 11-Year Financial Summary Company Profile Contents Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Sustainability Integrated Report 2024 2

[PAGE 4]
Dare to do what others don’t In the early 1930s, while foreign cars were dominating the Japanese automobile market, Nissan Motor was founded in Yokohama as a full-fledged automaker that manufactured competitive, high-quality, low-priced domestic cars. Inspired by the bold spirit of doing what others don’t dare to do, Nissan’s founder and employees have continuously driven innovation forward. Nissan pioneered a new era by providing exciting driving experiences and innovative technologies that enrich people’s lives through the power of cars and technology. The company is now driving technological innovation that puts people front and center, thereby strengthening human connections. Aiming for a safer, cleaner, and more inclusive future, we continue to take on the challenge of expanding the possibilities of mobility and society, working towards the realization of a more prosperous life for everyone. DNA Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents DNA Creating value over the years Purpose and Mission At a Glance 3 Integrated Report 2024

[TABLE] Contents Overview CEO Message Business Strategy Sustainability Corporate Governance Corporate Data Integrated Report 2024
3
DNA Creating value over the years Purpose and Mission At a Glance
DNA
Dare to do what others don’t
In the early 1930s, while foreign cars were dominating the Japanese automobile market,
Nissan Motor was founded in Yokohama as a full-fledged automaker that manufactured competitive, high-quality, low-priced domestic cars.
Inspired by the bold spirit of doing what others don’t dare to do, Nissan’s founder and employees have continuously driven innovation forward.
Nissan pioneered a new era by providing exciting driving experiences and innovative technologies that enrich people’s lives through the power of cars and technology.
The company is now driving technological innovation that puts people front and center, thereby strengthening human connections.
Aiming for a safer, cleaner, and more inclusive future, we continue to take on the challenge of expanding the possibilities of mobility and society,
working towards the realization of a more prosperous life for everyone.

[PAGE 5]
Creating value over the years DNA Creating value over the years Purpose and Mission At a Glance Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents In 1933, founder Yoshisuke Aikawa established Jidosha Seizo Co., Ltd. (Nissan’s predecessor) in Yokohama to manufacture high-quality, low-priced domestic cars that could compete with the foreign cars that then dominated the automobile market. The following year, the company name was changed to Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. An integrated production system was installed at the Yokohama Plant, making Nissan the first Japanese manufacturer to mass produce automobiles. Exports were subsequently launched in Asia, Central and South America, and other markets. 1984-1992 Global Development 1973-1984 Global Expansion 1958-1972 Era of High Growth With the development of domestic road networks and a boom in private car ownership, the Datsun Sunny 1000 was launched in 1966. It was a groundbreaking product, highly acclaimed for its quality, practicality, and economy. In that year, Nissan merged with Prince Motors Ltd., to further expand its product lineup. Nissan gradually came to be known for its technological prowess as it enhanced its product planning and development capabilities. Amid rising demand for more fuel-efficient cars in response to the 1973 oil crisis, the popularity of Japanese compact cars soared in the US market. Since exports to the US were robust, it was decided in 1981 that, to strengthen the brand name in overseas markets, the company logo would always appear as NISSAN. Then, with the establishment of a technological development base in the US and manufacturing companies in the UK, the Company built the foundations for a global production system. As Japan’s domestic economy flourished and there was a boom in luxury cars, the Company introduced many famous cars and technologies to the world. Starting in the 1990s, the Company aggressively promoted product development to meet diversifying needs. New vehicles such as sport utility vehicles and minivans began to dominate sales, as demand for compact cars expanded. The progress of globalization and other factors led to a series of cross-border mergers and business alliances among automakers. In the late 1990s, Nissan faced a business crisis due to sluggish sales following the bursting of Japan’s bubble economy. In March 1999, the company entered into a strategic capital alliance with French auto-manufacturer Renault. Amid growing demand for environmental and safety technologies in vehicles, in 2000 the company launched the Sentra CA, a super ultra-low emissions vehicle (SULEV), in the US. In 2003 in Japan, the Blue Bird Sylphy, also a SULEV, became the first domestic vehicle to be certified as emitting 75% less pollution than mandated by 2005 emission standards, demonstrating the company’s technological excellence. Nissan also focused on the development of electric vehicles (EVs), accumulating valuable expertise. Amid growing global concerns about environmental issues, in 2010 Nissan launched the Nissan LEAF. It was the world’s first mass-produced EV for the global market, and reflected the company’s aim to drive the adoption of EVs. The following year, Nissan was one of the first companies to address the issues of zero emissions and energy management, unveiling a system that supplies electricity from the Nissan LEAF drive battery to ordinary homes. The automobile industry was dealt a serious blow as the COVID-19 pandemic took hold in 2020 and auto production declined. Against this background, in 2021 we announced our long-term vision, Nissan Ambition 2030. With electrification at the core of our strategy, our vision aims to provide exciting vehicles and technologies that expand the possibilities of mobility and society. As a company that aims to do what others dare not do, Nissan will continue to take on the challenge of creating new value. Establishment of Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. Exports of Datsun to Asia Exports of passenger cars to US commence Nissan merges with Prince Motors, Ltd. Nissan Motor Manufacturing Corporation U.S.A. established Global marketing under the Nissan brand name commences new corporate identity program Fully remodeled luxury Laurel sedan with innovative features Nissan European Technology Centre Ltd. established (UK) First overall win with Nissan R91CP, a machine made in-house Nissan and Renault sign global Alliance agreement, including equity participation Mounting world’s first Lane Keep Assistance System in Cima Global Production Engineering Center established Nissan and Sumitomo Corporation establish a joint research company to promote the 4R* energy business Nissan unveils Nissan NEXT transformation plan targeting sustainable growth Nissan launched the world’s first mass-produced electric vehicle, the Nissan LEAF Nissan unveils Ambition 2030 vision to empower mobility and beyond 1933-1957 Founding and Post-War Recovery Years 2015-2023 Transformation 2007-2014 Innovation and Expansion 2000-2007 Regeneration 1992-1999 Turning Points * Reuse, refabricate, resell, recycle 4 Integrated Report 2024

[TABLE] Contents Overview CEO Message Business Strategy Sustainability Corporate Governance Corporate Data Integrated Report 2024
4
DNA Creating value over the years Purpose and Mission At a Glance
Creating value over the years
Founding and Post-War Recovery Years Era of High Growth Global Expansion Global Development
1933-1957 1958-1972 1973-1984 1984-1992
In 1933, founder Yoshisuke Aikawa established Jidosha With the development of domestic road networks and Amid rising demand for more fuel-efficient cars in As Japan’s domestic economy flourished and there
Seizo Co., Ltd. (Nissan’s predecessor) in Yokohama to a boom in private car ownership, the Datsun Sunny response to the 1973 oil crisis, the popularity of was a boom in luxury cars, the Company introduced
manufacture high-quality, low-priced domestic cars that 1000 was launched in 1966. It was a groundbreaking Japanese compact cars soared in the US market. many famous cars and technologies to the world.
could compete with the foreign cars that then dominated product, highly acclaimed for its quality, practicality, Since exports to the US were robust, it was decided Starting in the 1990s, the Company aggressively
the automobile market. and economy. in 1981 that, to strengthen the brand name in promoted product development to meet diversifying
The following year, the company name was changed In that year, Nissan merged with Prince Motors overseas markets, the company logo would always needs. New vehicles such as sport utility vehicles and
to Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. An integrated production Ltd., to further expand its product lineup. Nissan appear as NISSAN. Then, with the establishment of a minivans began to dominate sales, as demand for
system was installed at the Yokohama Plant, making gradually came to be known for its technological technological development base in the US and compact cars expanded.
Nissan the first Japanese manufacturer to mass produce prowess as it enhanced its product planning and manufacturing companies in the UK, the Company
automobiles. Exports were subsequently launched in development capabilities. built the foundations for a global production system.
Asia, Central and South America, and other markets.
Establishment of Nissan Exports of Datsun to Asia Exports of passenger cars to Nissan merges with Prince Nissan Motor Manufacturing Global marketing under the Nissan Fully remodeled luxury Laurel Nissan European Technology
Motor Co., Ltd. US commence Motors, Ltd. Corporation U.S.A. established brand name commences new sedan with innovative features Centre Ltd. established (UK)
corporate identity program
Turning Points Regeneration Innovation and Expansion Transformation
1992-1999 2000-2007 2007-2014 2015-2023
The progress of globalization and other factors led to a Amid growing demand for environmental and safety Amid growing global concerns about environmental The automobile industry was dealt a serious blow as
series of cross-border mergers and business alliances technologies in vehicles, in 2000 the company issues, in 2010 Nissan launched the Nissan LEAF. It the COVID-19 pandemic took hold in 2020 and auto
among automakers. In the late 1990s, Nissan faced a launched the Sentra CA, a super ultra-low emissions was the world’s first mass-produced EV for the global production declined. Against this background, in
business crisis due to sluggish sales following the vehicle (SULEV), in the US. In 2003 in Japan, the market, and reflected the company’s aim to drive the 2021 we announced our long-term vision, Nissan
bursting of Japan’s bubble economy. In March 1999, Blue Bird Sylphy, also a SULEV, became the first adoption of EVs. Ambition 2030.
the company entered into a strategic capital alliance domestic vehicle to be certified as emitting 75% less The following year, Nissan was one of the first With electrification at the core of our strategy,
with French auto-manufacturer Renault. pollution than mandated by 2005 emission companies to address the issues of zero emissions and our vision aims to provide exciting vehicles and
standards, demonstrating the company’s energy management, unveiling a system that supplies technologies that expand the possibilities of mobility
technological excellence. Nissan also focused on the electricity from the Nissan LEAF drive battery to and society. As a company that aims to do what
development of electric vehicles (EVs), accumulating ordinary homes. others dare not do, Nissan will continue to take on
valuable expertise. the challenge of creating new value.
First overall win with Nissan Nissan and Renault sign global Mounting world’s first Lane Global Production Engineering Nissan launched the world’s Nissan and Sumitomo Corporation Nissan unveils Nissan NEXT Nissan unveils Ambition 2030
R91CP, a machine made Alliance agreement, including Keep Assistance System in Center established first mass-produced electric establish a joint research company to transformation plan targeting vision to empower mobility and
in-house equity participation Cima vehicle, the Nissan LEAF promote the 4R* energy business sustainable growth beyond
* Reuse, refabricate, resell, recycle

[PAGE 6]
Our corporate purpose is at the core of everything Nissan does. It is not only the answer to the questions of why Nissan exists and what role it will play, but it also brings employees together by serving as a compass that defines the direction in which we should all head towards. Everyone at Nissan is committed to fulfilling our social responsibilities and delivering company-wide consistent value to our stakeholders. Based on Nissan’s long-standing vision of enriching people’s lives, we will continue to provide innovative value to our stakeholders through our cars or otherwise, staying close to their daily lives. Corporate Purpose Driving innovation to enrich people’s lives As a company worthy of trust, Nissan provides unique and innovative automotive products and services that deliver superior measurable values to all stakeholders. Mission Purpose and Mission Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents DNA Creating value over the years Purpose and Mission At a Glance 5 Integrated Report 2024

[TABLE] Contents Overview CEO Message Business Strategy Sustainability Corporate Governance Corporate Data Integrated Report 2024
5
DNA Creating value over the years Purpose and Mission At a Glance
Purpose and Mission
Driving innovation to enrich people’s lives
Corporate
Our corporate purpose is at the core of everything Nissan does. It is not only the answer to the questions of why Nissan exists and what role
Purpose
it will play, but it also brings employees together by serving as a compass that defines the direction in which we should all head towards.
Everyone at Nissan is committed to fulfilling our social responsibilities and delivering company-wide consistent value to our stakeholders.
Based on Nissan’s long-standing vision of enriching people’s lives, we will continue to provide innovative value to our stakeholders through
our cars or otherwise, staying close to their daily lives.
As a company worthy of trust, Nissan provides unique and
innovative automotive products and services that deliver superior
Mission
measurable values to all stakeholders.

[PAGE 7]
At a Glance Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents DNA Creating value over the years Purpose and Mission At a Glance FY2023 Free cash flow*1 323.0 billion yen Net cash*1 1,546.0 billion yen Research and development costs 609.9 billion yen Capital investment costs 486.1 billion yen Net sales 12,685.7billion yen Operating income 568.7billion yen Net income attributable to owners of the parent 426.6billion yen Nationalities represented at Nissan Global employee survey score R&D 15markets Number of employees (consolidated basis) 133,580 100+ 71pt 32% *1 Auto *2 The figures represent the production figures for the 12-month period from April 1, 2023 to March 31, 2024. *3 The figures in China and Taiwan, which are included in “Asia,” represent the sales figures for the 12-month period from January 1 to December 31, 2023. Those sold in Japan, North America, Europe, Other overseas countries and Asia (excluding China and Taiwan) represent vehicles sold for the 12- month period from April 1, 2023 to March 31, 2024. *4 The figures in China include Chinese joint venture, Dongfeng Motor Co., Ltd. *5 vs. 2018 *6 4 regions: Japan, the US, Europe, and China Automobile production 13markets 29Sites CO2 emissions from manufacturing *5 Sustainable material ratio -0.5% Woman manager ratio 15.9% CO2 emissions from new vehicles *5 CO2 emissions from vehicle lifecycle *5 -11% -12% -15% Global 4 regions*6 Other 15.7% Europe 10.5% North America 36.7% Japan 14.0% China 23.1% Global sales volume*3 *4 Global sales volume of electrified vehicles Global production volume*2 3,430 thousand units 3,442 thousand units 507 thousand units Other 10.7% Europe 9.5% North America 36.0% Japan 21.1% China 22.7% 6 Integrated Report 2024

[TABLE] Contents Overview CEO Message Business Strategy Sustainability Corporate Governance Corporate Data Integrated Report 2024
6
DNA Creating value over the years Purpose and Mission At a Glance
At a Glance
FY2023 Global production volume*2 Global sales volume*3 *4 Global sales volume of
electrified vehicles
Other Japan Other Japan
Net sales 10.7% 21.1% 15.7% 14.0%
Europe Europe
12,685.7 9.5% 10.5% China
23.1%
billion yen China
North 22.7% North
America
America
36.7%
36.0%
Operating income 3,430 3,442 507
thousand units thousand units thousand units
568.7
billion yen
R&D Automobile production Global employee survey score
Net income attributable to
owners of the parent
15 13 29 71
426.6 markets markets Sites pt
billion yen
Number of employees Nationalities represented
Woman manager ratio
(consolidated basis) at Nissan
Free cash flow*1 Net cash*1
323.0 1,546.0
133,580 15.9 100+
billion yen billion yen %
CO emissions CO emissions CO emissions Sustainable material
2 2 2
Research and development Capital investment
from vehicle lifecycle *5 from new vehicles *5 from manufacturing *5 ratio
costs costs
609.9 486.1
billion yen billion yen Global 4 regions*6
-11 -12 -15 -0.5 32
% % % ％ %
*1 Auto *2 The figures represent the production figures for the 12-month period from April 1, 2023 to March 31, 2024. *3 The figures in China and Taiwan, which are included in“ Asia,” represent the sales figures for the 12-month period from January 1 to December 31, 2023. Those sold in Japan,
North America, Europe, Other overseas countries and Asia (excluding China and Taiwan) represent vehicles sold for the 12- month period from April 1, 2023 to March 31, 2024. *4 The figures in China include Chinese joint venture, Dongfeng Motor Co., Ltd.
*5 vs. 2018 *6 4 regions: Japan, the US, Europe, and China

[PAGE 8]
Nissan’s Value Creation Story 8 12 13 15 25 27 32 CEO Message Value Creation Process Long-term vision: Nissan Ambition 2030 Business Plan: The Arc Sustainability at Nissan Environmental: Nissan Green Program 2030 Feature: Toward carbon neutrality throughout the entire lifecycle Feature: Realizing a Circular Economy Social: Nissan Social Program 2030 Feature: Human Resource Strategy Feature: Transforming Our Corporate Culture Section: 01 Integrated Report 2024 7

[PAGE 9]
In its home market of Japan, Nissan received a recommendation from the Fair Trade Commission regarding Japan’s Subcontract Act. Nissan sincerely regrets the inconvenience caused not only to the suppliers involved but also associated stakeholders. We take this matter very seriously and are committed to restoring the trust of our partners and implementing countermeasures. We have discontinued the rebate system, have established a dedicated hotline for our business partners, and setting up a partnership transformation office that will visit partners to hear directly from them. These new systems will need to be properly brought to life to enable them to be effective, and Nissan’s leadership will be at the forefront. With a strong sense of responsibility and determination, we will lead the transformation of our processes and corporate culture. CEO Message Leading Nissan’s transformation Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents Makoto Uchida Director, Representative Executive Officer, President and CEO Please refer to the Sustainability data book for more details https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/LIBRARY/SR/2024/ASSETS/PDF/DB24_E_All.pdf#page=119 Integrated Report 2024 8

[TABLE] Leading Nissan’s
transformation
Makoto Uchida
Director, Representative Executive Officer, President and CEO
In its home market of Japan, Nissan received a recommendation from the Fair Trade Commission
regarding Japan’s Subcontract Act. Nissan sincerely regrets the inconvenience caused not only to the
suppliers involved but also associated stakeholders. We take this matter very seriously and are
committed to restoring the trust of our partners and implementing countermeasures. We have
discontinued the rebate system, have established a dedicated hotline for our business partners, and
setting up a partnership transformation office that will visit partners to hear directly from them. These
new systems will need to be properly brought to life to enable them to be effective, and Nissan’s
leadership will be at the forefront. With a strong sense of responsibility and determination, we will lead
the transformation of our processes and corporate culture.
Please refer to the Sustainability data book for more details
https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/LIBRARY/SR/2024/ASSETS/PDF/DB24_E_All.pdf#page=119

[PAGE 10]
Nissan is aiming to empower journeys and society around the world by providing exciting mobility as a global automaker. This is all in pursuit of achieving our long-term vision, Nissan Ambition 2030. The auto industry today is going through a once-in-a-century transformation. In addition, we are dealing with various risks like environmental issues due to global warming and geopolitical issues worldwide. Many governments are aiming for carbon neutrality, but the approach and pace varies, leading to an inconsistent shift to electric vehicles. Moreover, markets are evolving quickly and intensely, as seen by the rise of Chinese OEMs and EV-focused manufacturers, and customer needs are becoming more diverse. In the past, we managed our business through a globally common business model in each market. However, this approach is no longer effective. It is crucial to be agile and adapt to market changes. For us at Nissan, there is no doubt that we need to change our mindset, and adapt the way we plan, develop, manufacture, and sell cars. To foster an environment in which employees are able to demonstrate their full potential without fear of failure, our corporate culture needed to change. In 2019, we embarked on this change, establishing the Corporate Culture Transformation Department with a direct report to the CEO. To clearly show the company’s purpose and direction, we defined our corporate purpose: “Driving innovation to improve people’s lives,” and we redefined our core values, described in the Nissan Way. Furthermore, we have formulated the Nissan Leadership Way, which outlines the behavior expected of Nissan leaders, and Our Promise, which sets the policy for creating a positive working environment. All these are integrated under one cultural initiative, Our Nissan. Through this, we aim to instill a corporate culture where each employee can envision the future of mobility, tackle challenges swiftly and effectively – with both the company and its employees continuing to grow together. Alongside the corporate culture transformation, we have been diligently pursuing our business transformation. Through the Nissan NEXT plan (2020-2023) in which we made a significant shift from an expansionist growth strategy, we streamlined operations, identified priorities, and made strategic investments for the future. To return the company to growth and prepare for the next decade, we realigned our business structure, maintained a sharp focus on quality of sales across all regions, optimized production capacity and streamlined our product line up – reducing both by 20%. By introducing 12 new models, we also strengthened our EV lineup and expanded our e-POWER offerings. As a result of Nissan NEXT, we successfully achieved a turnaround and returned to profitability in 2021. I am pleased to introduce Nissan’s Integrated Report, reflecting our commitment to a sustainable future. At Nissan, sustainability is at the core of our business, guiding our decisions and actions toward a more sustainable world. CEO Message Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents Powered by purpose, culture and commitment Enhancing quality of sales New ways of working for the new era Integrated Report 2024 9

[PAGE 11]
Nissan’s newly announced business plan, The Arc, builds on the foundation of Nissan NEXT and serves as a bridge to achieving Nissan Ambition 2030. Through this plan, we aim to create new value and strengthen competitiveness even in the middle of intensifying competition among manufacturers that are striving for sustainable growth and profitability. On our road to carbon neutrality, we will promote electrification in line with market and customer needs, and expand our lineup of EVs, PHEVs, and e-POWER. Additionally, we will renew 60% of our internal combustion engine (ICE) models, providing a balanced product portfolio to meet the diverse demands of customers. Furthermore, we aim to reduce the cost of next-generation EVs by 30% compared to the current Nissan Ariya and achieve cost parity with ICE vehicles by fiscal year 2030. To achieve this ambitious goal, it is necessary to change the existing development and production methods. For example, we will develop a flexible platform shared across five models in the same “family”, ensuring the uniqueness and appeal of each model while standardizing parts up to the upper body. Additionally, we will introduce a new production way that enables the manufacturing of next-generation EVs and significantly reduces the production time per unit by 20% through extensive automation. Enhanced collaboration with suppliers, who we see as business partners, will be more crucial than ever to advance these measures. We aim to build an equal partnership through advancing our horizontal relationship, and plan and develop together by involving our partners early in the process. A significant Nissan strength is our more-than-10-year experience in the development, sales, and recycling of EVs and their batteries. We have utilized EVs to contribute to society and created new, EV-unique values. Going forward, we are confident we can play a leading role in the global EV market by providing innovation in various ways, such as adapting diverse electrified vehicles to different regions and applications, developing solid-state batteries, and establishing ecosystems for renewable energy supply. In the field of safety, Nissan’s driver assistance technology has evolved for more than 20 years based on the Safety Shield concept. Our unique ProPILOT driver assistance system is designed to provide drivers with a safer and less stressful drive. By fiscal year 2027, we plan to introduce the next-generation of the system, equipped with door-to-door autonomous driving technology. By fiscal year 2030, we aim to move closer to our aspirational goal of zero fatalities by integrating active safety and AI technologies. It is crucial that we make use of our partnerships to strengthen our competitiveness in each market in a nimble and efficient manner while achieving sustainable growth. This enables us to concentrate our resources on our core products, technologies and markets. In this context, our Alliance with Renault Group and Mitsubishi Motors Corporation will continue to be our strength. Last year, the Alliance reached an important milestone. This was an evolution enabling each company to adapt to rapid changes in the business environment with flexibility and agility. Without a doubt, this will contribute to Nissan’s growth. Today, joint projects are underway and we will continue to leverage the strengths of each company and seek new growth opportunities. We see market fragmentation across the globe, while the speed of change in each market is inconsistent. We must therefore work with the right partner in the right place in the right domain to stay relevant. Our joint venture with Mitsubishi Corporation and our strategic partnership with Honda Motor Co., Ltd. are examples of this, and we will explore new ways of collaborating with partners to leverage our respective strengths. CEO Message Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents The Arc: A bridge to achieve our long-term vision Leveraging our diverse partnerships Integrated Report 2024 10

[PAGE 12]
July, 2024 Since 2002, the Nissan Green Program has been our comprehensive approach to environmental issues and we launched the fifth generation, Nissan Green Program 2030, in fiscal year 2023. Additionally, the Nissan Social Program 2030 has been created to support our efforts to become a people-centric company and to further promote social initiatives. These two programs serve as the foundation of The Arc, allowing us to fulfill our corporate responsibilities while pursuing our unique identity and growing together with society. Diversity is a great strength for Nissan that plays an important role in driving innovation. I am confident that our employees will continue to bring innovative ideas that propel Nissan. To maintain its uniqueness, Nissan will ensure that its traditions, strengths and its DNA of “Dare to do what others don’t” will continue. Furthermore, as CEO I will be leading the transformation from the forefront to ensure that Nissan continues to be needed by society. We will create new values while transforming through the execution of our new business plan, The Arc. This, in turn, will help us achieve Nissan Ambition 2030, ultimately meeting the expectations of our stakeholders. CEO Message Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents Toward a cleaner, safer and more inclusive world Integrated Report 2024 11

[PAGE 13]
*1 compared to current Nissan Ariya model *2 A/S: Active Safety Value Creation Process Value Creation Process Business Plan: The Arc Long-term vision: Nissan Ambition 2030 Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents Driving innovation to enrich people’s lives Working toward a cleaner, safer, more inclusive world Corporate Purpose Enhancing the quality of people’s lives through exciting and liberating mobility experiences Support creation of enriching community through expansion of safe mobility Contribute towards advancement of society through mutual growth of Nissan and supply chain Contribute towards regeneration of rich ecosystem by reducing impact and dependency on environment Output Impact Strengths Monozukuri capabilities Global footprint Employee diversity Diverse partnerships Societal challenges surrounding the automobile industry Climate change Resource depletion Changes in mobility needs Changes in customer expectation Human rights issues Market fragmentation By FY26 Increase by 1M vehicles 6%+ operating profit→By FY30 8%~ Stable profitability Empowering society Empowering journey OUR NISSAN NISSAN WAY NISSAN LEADERSHIP WAY OUR PROMISE Nissan Green Program 2030 Nissan Social Program 2030 Dare to do what others don’t DNA By FY26 FY30 Cost of next-gen EV -30%*1 By FY30 Model mix of electrified vehicles 60% 16 new electrified models 14 new ICE models A balanced and competitive product portfolio FY27 Introduce next-gen ProPILOT →FY30 A/S*2 and AI will merge FY28 Introduce ASSB to the market Electrification and vehicle intelligence FY30 Revenue potential 2.5T JPY Next-gen mobility services Energy eco-system Life cycle management New revenue streams Strengthened each employees’ skills and performance FY30 CO2 reduction goal (vs. FY18) Life cycle: -30% per vehicle Product: Global -32.5%/4 regions -50% per km Manufacturing: -52% per vehicle produced De-carbon- ization 12 Integrated Report 2024

[TABLE] Contents Overview CEO Message Business Strategy Sustainability Corporate Governance Corporate Data Integrated Report 2024
12
Value Creation Process Long-term vision: Nissan Ambition 2030 Business Plan: The Arc
Value Creation Process
Corporate Purpose
Driving innovation to enrich people’s lives
Working toward a cleaner, safer, more inclusive world
Strengths Output Impact
Societal challenges
Stable By FY26 Enhancing the quality
au s t u o r m ro o u b n il d e i n in g d t u h s e try Em jo p u o r w n e e r y ing Em s p o o c w ie e ty ring profitability Increase by 1M vehicles of people’s lives
6%+ operating profit→By FY30 8%〜
through exciting and
liberating mobility
Employee diversity A b a lanced B 1 y 6 F n Y e 2 w 6 e le c t rifi e d m odels experiences
Climate change an d 1 4 n e w IC E m o d e l s
competitive
FY30 Cost of next-gen EV -30%*1
product
Resource Support creation of
portfolio By FY30
depletion enriching community
Model mix of electrified vehicles 60%
through expansion of
Monozukuri
Changes in capabilities Electrification FY27 Introduce next-gen ProPILOT safe mobility
mobility needs
and vehicle →FY30 A/S*2 and AI will merge
Nissan Green Nissan Social
Program 2030 Program 2030 intelligence FY28 Introduce ASSB to the market
Contribute towards
Changes in
customer FY30 Revenue potential 2.5T JPY advancement of
expectation New revenue Next-gen mobility services society through mutual
Global footprint streams Energy eco-system growth of Nissan and
NISSAN Life cycle management
Market OUR supply chain
NISSAN WAY LEADERSHIP
fragmentation PROMISE
WAY Strengthened each employees’ skills
and performance Contribute towards
Human rights
issues OUR NISSAN regeneration of rich
Diverse partnerships FY30 CO2 reduction goal (vs. FY18) ecosystem by reducing
De-carbon- Life cycle: -30% per vehicle
impact and dependency
ization
Product: Global -32.5%/4 regions -50% per km
DNA Dare to do what others don’t Manufacturing: -52% per vehicle produced on environment
*1 compared to current Nissan Ariya model
*2 A/S： Active Safety

[PAGE 14]
Long-term vision Nissan Ambition 2030 Value Creation Process Business Plan: The Arc Long-term vision: Nissan Ambition 2030 Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents Corporate Purpose Driving innovation to enrich people’s lives In November 2021, Nissan announced its long-term vision, Nissan Ambition 2030. The goal is for business to progress steadily under the Nissan NEXT business transformation plan, shifting gears from business revitalization to building the future. Nissan Ambition 2030 is a declaration that the company will become truly sustainable. The company is looking ahead towards the next 10 years, taking into account societal expectations and needs, together with global trends. In formulating this vision, we solicited the opinions of a wide range of stakeholders, including Nissan customers, suppliers, dealers, employees, and shareholders. We asked them to tell us what their expectations were for Nissan, and to point out any issues they had with the company. After repeated discussions amongst relevant individuals, including outside directors, our corporate purpose of “Driving innovation to enrich people’s lives” came into shape, defining what our role is within society. Today, Nissan continues to accelerate innovation and is transforming itself into a company that is needed by customers and society. To advance towards the realization of a cleaner, safer, and more inclusive world where everyone can live in harmony, Nissan is focusing its efforts on three areas. Through these initiatives, Nissan aims to empower journeys as well as society. Three focus initiatives We are incrementally increasing our investment in accelerating vehicle electrification and technological innovation. By fiscal 2030, we aim to introduce a total of 34 models of electric vehicles (EVs) covering all segments, and to increase model mix of electrified vehicles to more than 60% globally. 1 Accelerating electrified mobility, offering diverse options Transcending personal and location-related limitations, we are making mobility more accessible and innovative for all. 2 Increased accessibility through mobility innovation Mobility will be used to create a global ecosystem that supports sustainable and equitable transportation solutions, which are accessible to everyone, everywhere. 3 Global ecosystem for mobility and beyond Integrated Report 2024 13

[PAGE 15]
Three focus initiatives Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents Value Creation Process Business Plan: The Arc Long-term vision: Nissan Ambition 2030 Demonstration tests in Namie, Fukushima Prefecture. By further investing in new technologies such as ProPILOT driver assistance and connected car systems, we aim to create safer, more efficient, and personalized mobility solutions. ■ Advanced autonomous vehicle technologies Nissan’s unique EV production hub, EV36Zero, will be expanded in key regions including Japan, China, and the United States. Combining mobility and energy management, we plan to build an ecosystem that integrates production and services. ■ EV36Zero We are utilizing expertise developed over the past 10 years by 4R Energy, a joint venture between Nissan and Sumitomo to develop end-of-life solutions for electric vehicle batteries. We aim to facilitate a secondary battery circular economy through the reuse, refabrication, resale, and recycling of batteries. ■ Building a sustainable cycle for batteries Nissan will develop a distributed energy model that improves the attractiveness of EVs and contributes to stabilizing the balance between the supply and demand of electricity. In addition to Blue Switch, a program that resolves local issues through the use of EVs, in 2024 we launched Nissan Energy Share, a service in which EVs supply electricity to households and communities. ■ Vehicle-to–everything (V2X) We are promoting the in-house development of all-solid-state batteries (ASSBs), which contribute to improved EV safety and efficiency as well as lower costs, and we aim to bring EVs powered by Nissan ASSBs to the market by fiscal 2028. ■ Evolved all-solid-state batteries (ASSB) Worldwide, we aim to realize new mobility services, including an on-demand automated vehicle dispatch service we plan to launch in fiscal 2027. We are conducting demonstration tests in Namie, Fukushima Prefecture. Since the Great East Japan Earthquake of 2011, we have been involved in reconstruction work as well as sustainable urban development for the future. ■ New mobility services By fiscal 2027 Investment in electrification ¥2 trillion New electrified models 40%* Model mix of electrified vehicles 60%* Model mix of electrified vehicles ■ EV lineup expansion By 2026 By 2030 By fiscal 2030 Accelerating electrified mobility, offering diverse options 1 Increased accessibility through mobility innovation 2 Global ecosystem for mobility and beyond 3 Launch 34* electrified models Introduce next-generation ProPILOT with door-to-door autonomous driving technology We aim to get even closer to the goal of zero-fatalities with a system that integrates active safety and AI technologies 16* By offering a diverse range of electrified vehicles through 2030, Nissan will contribute towards the proliferation of EVs worldwide and realize decarbonization. Battery miniaturization Shortening charging times by one-thirds Reducing battery costs *Updated figures from the business plan The Arc, announced in March, 2024 Operational under a wide temperature range Improved stability Long-life and resistant to deterioration Integrated Report 2024 14

[TABLE] 1 | Accelerating electrified mobility, offering diverse options
[TABLE] 2 | Increased accessibility through mobility innovation
[TABLE] By fiscal 2027 | Introduce next-generation ProPILOT
with door-to-door autonomous driving
technology
[TABLE] Battery
miniaturization | Shortening charging
times by one-thirds
[TABLE] Reducing
battery costs | Improved stability
[TABLE] Operational under a wide
temperature range | Long-life and resistant to
deterioration
[TABLE] By fiscal 2030 | We aim to get even closer to the goal of
zero-fatalities with a system that integrates
active safety and AI technologies
[TABLE] 3 | Global ecosystem for mobility and beyond

[PAGE 16]
DRIVE VALUE FY 2 4 - FY 2 6 Nissan NEXT TRANSFORM Nissan Ambition 2030 REALIZE VISION ■ Positioning of The Arc Nissan’s new business plan, The Arc, builds on the transformations achieved by the Nissan NEXT transformation plan. It serves as a bridge to the Company’s long-term vision, Nissan Ambition 2030, while indicating its path to the future. The new plan is a statement of our intention to continue moving forward and enhancing our ability to flexibly adapt to the ever-changing market environment. Nissan will speedily and steadily implement the plans set forth in The Arc, thereby enhancing corporate value and competitiveness, while achieving business growth. Business Plan: The Arc Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents Value Creation Process Business Plan: The Arc Long-term vision: Nissan Ambition 2030 15 Integrated Report 2024

[PAGE 17]
NEXT achievements and issues MAKE TRANSFORM ENSURE FORGE CAPTURE MAINTAIN More profitable and accessible EVs with a balanced ICE-EV portfolio Manufacturing and build resilient supply chain to prepare for EV transition Value-led volume growth with tailored regional strategy for evolving customer needs Supplementary partnerships to fill strategic gaps New revenue opportunities throughout the entire vehicle lifecycle Financial discipline to deliver shareholder return Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents Value Creation Process Business Plan: The Arc Long-term vision: Nissan Ambition 2030 ● Cut production capacity by 20% ● Reduce our product portfolio by 20% ● Launch 12 new models ahead of schedule ● Improve sales quality ● Reshape the alliance ● Product portfolio renewal ● Solid profitability ● Improved cashflow ● Investments for the future ● Enhanced partnerships ● Resumed dividend payments NISSAN NEXT achievements Nissan NEXT roadmap Resolve legacy issues to take Nissan into the future Foundation Rationalize Right-sizing production capacity Streamlining product portfolio Fixed Cost reduction Prioritize & Focus Core Markets Core Products Core Technologies Our DNA / Our Culture / Our focus on Quality & Customer Leverage the Alliance new business model Strengthen business partnerships Shift in focus: volume to value Building a strong foundation for the future Under Nissan NEXT, a four-year business transformation plan launched in 2020, we have promoted efforts to rationalize, prioritize, as well as focus on and invest in the future. Our aim is to ensure sustainable growth and stable earnings. So far, we have achieved a 20% reduction both in production capacity and our product portfolio. This has resulted in cost optimization. Further, by prioritizing and sharpening our focus, in core markets we have launched 12 core models, including the Nissan Ariya and Nissan Sakura. We have also extended ePOWER to B-segment small cars and C-segment medium-sized cars. In addition, we have invested in core technologies and promoted the development of electrification and advanced autonomous driving technologies. As a result, we have been able to maintain an operating profit, even while reducing sales volume. Our focus on sales quality and financial discipline has enabled us to significantly improve profitability, with an operating profit margin of 4.5% in fiscal 2023, the final year of the NEXT plan. At the same time, environmental changes surrounding our business and the automotive industry as a whole are accelerating with ever greater speed. Amid tumultuous global conditions, the industry is being forced to rethink its approach, as various countries develop measures for vehicle electrification. Developmental competition among manufacturers is expected to intensify, with constant change now considered the new normal in the industry. We recognize the need to change the way we approach our business and our awareness of issues. From senior management to individual employees, we all need to reexamine our existing way or work in order to promote more fundamental reforms. This requires that we promptly rationalize production capacity and expand our product lineup, in cooperation with our partners. The Arc represents Nissan’s statement of intent to implement transformations based on our awareness of the issues we face. We will continue to provide value to all Nissan stakeholders by steadily implementing and realizing this plan. Moreover, we are building a strong foundation for the future through: To date, we have managed to: 16 Integrated Report 2024

[PAGE 18]
Steady growth, innovation and bases for our future MID-TERM Technology Product portfolio Software services Smart partnerships Balanced portfolio Vehicle cost reduction EV competitiveness New revenue streams Potential revenue in FY30 Differentiated innovations ASSB launch Next generation ProPILOT Financial discipline Operating profit Volume growth in major markets Sales volume increase 1M units 6%+ -30% 2.5TJRY FY28 FY27 BY FY26 BY FY26 BY FY26 MID-TERM Ensure volume growth through tailored regional strategy and prepare for EV transition MID-LONG TERM Enable EV transition and realize long-term profitable growth new ICE models new electrified models 16 14 Overview of The Arc Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents Value Creation Process Business Plan: The Arc Long-term vision: Nissan Ambition 2030 To achieve steady business growth, The Arc will accelerate preparations for the transition to vehicle electrification and increase sales volume by building a balanced product portfolio. At the same time, we will strengthen our market strategy by rationalizing production and supply chains in all regions, including the U.S. and China, to boost EV cost competitiveness. We will also promote sustainable business growth by leveraging partnerships in each business area and market to supplement strategic gaps. We consider this to be a critical period for further ensuring the realization of Nissan Ambition 2030. END OF FISCAL 2026 TARGETS Annual sales increase of 1 million units; operating profit margin above 6% Launch of 30 new models̶16 electrified, 14 internal combustion 17 Integrated Report 2024

[PAGE 19]
MODEL MIX e-POWER Plug-in hybrid (PHEV) ICE EV e-POWER Plug-in hybrid (PHEV) ICE EV 78% 13% 9% 60% 20% 20% 4 MODELS FY24 6 MODELS FY25 5 MODELS FY26 FIRST GEN SECOND GEN NEXT GEN MARKET EXPANSION cumulative sales JAPAN ASEAN & EUROPE CHINA LATAM 1.2 M MODELS 2 4 3 3 2 1 1 US launch more power better fuel efficiency cost reduction Plug-in hybrid (PHEV) e-POWER EV BY FY26 new electrified models 16 8 6 1 3 2 3 10 5 4 3 15 15 of 30 BY FY26 new ICE models new electrified models 16 14 BETTER PERFORMANCE Cost parity with ICE by FY26 e-POWER New models to be developed by strategic partners Prepare for volume growth, transition to EVs with region-specific strategies MEDIUM-TERM BY FY26 60% Renewed and reinforced ICE passenger car line-up Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents Value Creation Process Business Plan: The Arc Long-term vision: Nissan Ambition 2030 ■ Balanced product portfolio By the end of fiscal 2026, Nissan will launch 16 new models of electric vehicles (EVs), namely, battery electric vehicles (BEVs), e-POWER system vehicles, and plug-in hybrid electric vehicles (PHEVs), as well as 14 new ICE models. In building a balanced product portfolio with a roughly 50-50 split, we will provide customers with a range of options that meet diverse needs. We will also adapt to the varying pace at which electrification is adopted in regions and markets worldwide. We expect to introduce 34 EV models between fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2030, covering all market segments. The global electric vehicle model mix should thus increase to 40% in fiscal 2026, and 60% in fiscal 2030. ICE vehicles In the mid-term, we will renew our ICE line-up to ensure volume and profitability. In FY24, we will launch all-new versions of the INFINITI QX80 and the Nissan Murano, Patrol/Armada and Kicks. This will be followed by a series of launches during the period. In FY24 we have two new EVs, while FY25 will have two EVs, one e-POWER and one PHEV. In FY26, overall, we will have 10 new electrified models. In total, there will be 16 new electrified models in the mid-term. Strategic partners In fact, half of the 30 new models will be developed by our partners – 10 within the Alliance and five by Dongfeng Nissan in China. e-POWER Since launching e-POWER in Japan, we have steadily expanded to new markets and have reached 1.2 million vehicle sales this fiscal year. Our next milestone will be the launch in the U.S. in FY26. We have also improved efficiency over these generations. Compared to the 1st generation, the 3rd generation will have 20% more power, 10% improved fuel efficiency -- and yet 20% reduced cost. This will enable us to attain cost parity between e-POWER and ICE by FY26. Electrifica- tion 18 Integrated Report 2024

[PAGE 20]
CUSTOMER ENGAGEMENT 200M USD all-new models 7 Capture 73% 8 SALES INCREASE Capacity optimization BUSINESS EFFICIENCY ENHANCEMENT JAPAN ASEAN NEW BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES SALES INCREASE transformation Ramp up MIDDLE EAST all-new SUVs A-segment ICE and C-segment EV 5 Introduce EUROPE all-new models EV passenger vehicle sales mix by FY26 3rd gen e-POWER Launch >40% 6 OCEANIA C crossover EV all-new pick-up 1 ton Introduce all-new models 8 Expand MEXICO e-POWER all-new models 6 Expand SOUTH AMERICA e-POWER Enhance Full-scale Expand connected services Enrich PRODUCT OFFERING PRODUCT OFFERING PRODUCT OFFERING PRODUCT OFFERING CANADA Launch e-POWER US Launch 78% e-POWER & plug-in hybrid (PHEV) models refreshed passenger model line-up for Nissan investment in integrated customer experience in US new business and revenue opportunities Ongoing production capacity optimization with partners units to achieve 1-million-unit sales in 2026 refresh of Nissan branded model line-up new energy vehicles (NEV) including 4 Nissan-branded models PRODUCT OFFERING refresh passenger model line-up all-new models of passenger model line-up to be electrified 80% 5 70% +90K New revenue opportunities INDIA unit level aimed for exports 100K all-new models 3 AFRICA A-segment ICE vehicle all-new SUVs 2 Expand M&S units 1M +200K unit level aimed for exports from 2025 100K launch of energy management, utility services, recycling and reuse of batteries mobility services using Nissan’s autonomous driving tech to achieve 600,000-unit sales in FY26 model line-up with EV and e-POWER CUSTOMER ENGAGEMENT New models 30 %+ Operating profit 6 Prepare for volume growth, transition to EVs with region-specific strategies MEDIUM-TERM Sales volume increase Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents Value Creation Process Business Plan: The Arc Long-term vision: Nissan Ambition 2030 ■ Sales volume growth in major markets Nissan plans to introduce innovative technologies aimed at responding to strong demand for SUVs and pickup trucks in the U.S.; tightening environmental regulations in Europe; and he Company’s goal of becoming the EV leader in Japan. By implementing strategies tailored to conditions and needs in each country, Nissan will steadily increase sales volumes and promote the shift to electrification in major markets. Through these measures, we aim to launch a total of 30 new models by the end of fiscal 2026; increase our global sales volume by 1 million units per year; and achieve an operating profit margin of more than 6%. We will introduce seven all-new models in the U.S. and Canada, and completely remodel 78% of the Nissan passenger vehicle lineup. Thereby, we can expect to achieve a 330,000-unit increase in cross-regional sales to the U.S., Canada, Mexico, and South America. In the U.S., we will invest $200 million in an integrated customer experience. At the same time, we expect to create new, cross-regional business and sales opportunities. China We will renew 73% of Nissan-brand models and launch eight new-energy vehicles (NEVs). In addition to targeting annual sales of one million units, we will commence vehicle exports in 2025 with the initial aim of achieving sales of around 100,000 units. We will also work with joint venture partners to rationalize production capacity. • In Europe, we will launch six all-new models to achieve a 40% EV passenger vehicle sales mix • In the Middle East, we plan to launch five new SUV models • In India, we plan to launch three new SUV models • In Oceania, we will market a one-ton pickup and introduce a C-segment crossover EV • In Africa, two new SUV models are to be launched • We aim to increase cross-regional sales by 300,000 units over fiscal 2023 figures. Japan and ASEAN In Japan, we will renew 80% of our passenger vehicle lineup, 70% of which will comprise electrified vehicles. In addition to the provision of Nissan Energy Share̶where EVs act as mobile storage batteries to supply homes and society with electricity̶launched in March 2024, we will introduce products and innovative technologies that will further enhance the appeal of EVs. We thus expect to become the leader in electrification, with a goal of selling 600,000 units annually. In the ASEAN region, we will enhance our model lineups with EVs and e-POWER. Initiatives through fiscal 2026 in major markets: U.S., Canada, Mexico, South America Africa, Middle East, India, Europe, and Oceania (AMIEO) 19 Integrated Report 2024

[TABLE] PRODUCT
OFFERING | NEW BUSINESS
OPPORTUNITIES | SALES
INCREASE
[TABLE] Full-scale
launch of energy management, utility
services, recycling and reuse of batteries
Expand
mobility services using Nissan’s
autonomous driving tech
Enrich
connected services

[PAGE 21]
WITH PARTNERS INCLUDING PRODUCT PORTFOLIO ACROSS MARKETS AND DOMAINS Maximize Ampere collaboration EUROPE Optimize China assets CHINA Explore new partnerships JAPAN & US Leverage the Alliance LATAM, ASEAN & INDIA TECHNOLOGY SOFTWARE SERVICES EUROPE 25GWh 135 GWh CHINA 40GWh US 60GWh JAPAN 10GWh AESC | CATL | VEJ | SUNWODA Enable transition to EVs; realize long-term profitability MEDIUM TO LONG TERM Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents Value Creation Process Business Plan: The Arc Long-term vision: Nissan Ambition 2030 ■ Smart partnerships Nissan leverages the technologies, product portfolios, and software services of different partners in different markets. We have complementary business relationships, covering each other’s strategy gaps across global markets. We will maximize our collaboration with Ampere in Europe to complement our own electrification strategy; fully optimize our China assets to meet the needs of China and beyond; and explore new partnerships in Japan and the U.S for future mobility initiatives. We will continue to leverage the Alliance in LATAM, ASEAN and India. One of the critical areas in EV is battery production capacity. Towards this, we will seek partnerships in our major markets. We will develop and source batteries in collaboration with the most suitable partners -- including AESC, CATL, VEJ and Sunwoda -- to ensure production capacity in each region. By FY30, we expect to have a total of 135 gigawatt hours of capacity for Nissan globally. Europe Nissan makes the most of its collaboration with Ampere, the Renault Group’s new EV and software entity in Europe, to market multiple EV models, including compacts. Latin America, ASEAN, India • In collaboration with Renault, Nissan plans to launch a half-ton and a one-ton pickup truck in Latin America, by fiscal 2026. This will be in addition to an EV in the A segment • In ASEAN, we will launch a next-generation one-ton pickup in collaboration with Mitsubishi Motors • In India, Nissan and Renault will manufacture products based on a common family of modules, as we continue to leverage our extensive alliance assets to become a strong hub. Japan, U.S. In collaboration with Mitsubishi Motors, Nissan is introducing electrified and ICE mini-vehicles in Japan, and PHEVs in the U.S. At the same time, Mitsubishi Motors will leverage Nissan’s EV assets. In addition, through a new collaboration with Honda, we are considering a strategic partnership in the areas of electrification and intelligence. Collaborative, High-Value-Creation Projects JAPAN WITHMITSUBISHIMOTORS EUROPE WITHRENAULT ASEAN & OCEANIA WITHMITSUBISHIMOTORS GLOBAL WITHMITSUBISHIMOTORS NORTH AMERICA WITHMITSUBISHIMOTORS LATAM WITHRENAULT Future Compact EV 1st software-defined vehicle Further collaboration on ICE/EV mini-vehicles Next gen 1-ton pickup produced in MEX Mitsubishi to utilize Nissan EV assets PHEV INDIA WITHRENAULTA-segment EV, CMF-A/B products Alliance plant and engineering center Future models 1-ton pickup for Oceania Next gen 1-ton pickup including EV or PHEV Common battery strategy A-segment EV Half-ton pickup by Renault and one-ton pickup by Nissan 20 Integrated Report 2024

[PAGE 22]
The development horizontal relationships VEHICLE COST REDUCTION ROAD MAP ARI YA NEXT-GEN EV Cost parity with ICE aimed for by FY30 Battery innovations Next-gen modular manufacturing Nissan Family Development Powertrain integration Group sourcing END - TO - ENDSUPPLIERINTEGRATION Product planning Parts development Vehicle development Vehicle production Development cost reduction for 5 models START OF PRODUCTION EV 150B JPY FY27 Cost MAIN SUBSEQUENT MODELS Share knowledge Optimize processes Be innovative partners Group sourcing Share infrastructure and costs KNOWLEDGE CREATION STRATEGIC INTEGRATION Agile Resilient Cost optimized END-TO-END SUPPLIER INTEGRATION Transactional and negotiation-based approach Enable transition to EVs; realize long-term profitability MEDIUM TO LONG TERM Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents Value Creation Process Business Plan: The Arc Long-term vision: Nissan Ambition 2030 ■ EV competitiveness Nissan is adopting new approaches, including the development of multiple families of EVs, integration of power trains, next-generation modular manufacturing, group sourcing, and battery innovations. The objectives and pass points are designed to reduce the cost of next-generation EVs by 30% compared with the cost of the current Nissan Ariya, Nissan’s first zero-emissions SUV, and to bring the manufacturing cost of EVs to the same level as that of ICE vehicles by fiscal 2030. Resilient supply chain Starting now, we will develop smarter horizontal relationships with suppliers, bringing them into the process earlier. This will enable us to co-plan and co-develop, share costs and be innovative partners. Importantly, it will enable both sides to benefit from exchange of knowledge, experience and skills, and optimization of processes. We will engage our suppliers in end-to-end process from product planning, parts development, vehicle development to production. This will involve group sourcing of high-quality common components across families of vehicles to reduce cost-per-unit and increase our speed to market. Group sourcing driving efficiencies Nissan Family Development Five models will be developed collectively as a family of vehicles. All vehicles can share a single, flexible platform that enables different body types. This approach standardizes upper body parts while keeping the uniqueness of each model. Next- generation modular manufacturing Next-generation modular manufacturing achieves significant automation and enables the production of next-generation EVs with a new structure. By adopting this production method, the vehicle production line can be shortened, reducing the production time per vehicle by 20% from FY27. Powertrain integration The X-in-1 next-generation, integrated electric powertrain will reduce cost and size by 30% compared with 2019 levels by maximizing EV and e-POWER component sharing. 3-in-1 will be first launched in a C segment crossover EV. Compared to the Nissan Ariya, energy density will improve by 50% and quick charging time will reduce by 50% by 2028. lithium-ion battery We plan to reduce costs by 30% compared to lithium-ion batteries, with the Nissan Sakura as the base. Under our plan, we aim to develop and manufacture this battery in Japan and launch it first in a minivehicle in FY28. LFP batteries Battery innovation Our next generation batteries will be tailored to the needs of different customer segments. Vertically integrated EV manufacturers that handle the whole process from product development to production and sales are on the rise and intensifying the competition. To enhance competitiveness in this environment, it is essential to deepen collaboration with highly specialized suppliers more than ever and build a resilient supply chain. A relationship of mutual trust as equal business partners is indispensable. By steadily implementing The Arc and growing together with our suppliers, we fulfill our responsibilities as an automaker and strive to create new value. Build trust with suppliers 21 Integrated Report 2024

[PAGE 23]
Safety Shield Concept: Nissan’s concept based on more than 20 years engaged in the development of driver assistance technologies. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/IN NOVATION/TECHNOLOGY/ARCHIVE /SAFETY_TDC/ FY18 FY22 FY24 FY26 FY28 Research phase Proto-type production facility Start pilot line operations Test proto-type car on the road Aim to launch in new EV Note: Gradual adoption from starting year SUNDERLAND Europe CANTON US OPPAMA Japan SMYRNA US KYUSHU Japan TOCHIGI Japan TOCHIGI Japan DECHERD CANTON KYUSHU Japan US US US SMYRNA SUNDERLAND Europe FY21 FY21 FY26 FY25 FY26 FY28 FY28 FY30 Enable transition to EVs; realize long-term profitability MEDIUM TO LONG TERM Towards goal of zero fatalities Future ProPILOT For confident and fatigue-free drive ProPILOT 2.0 Camera and Radar sensing In-house control software Ground truth perception with LiDAR Cloud-based AI Fusion of active safety and generative AI technologies FY23 FY27 FY30 Expanded to door-to-door driving Next gen ProPILOT Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents Value Creation Process Business Plan: The Arc Long-term vision: Nissan Ambition 2030 ■ Differentiated innovations Strengthen development of ASSBs Nissan is accelerating the development of its all-solid-state batteries (ASSBs), and aims to launch a new EV equipped with a game-changing, revolutionary battery in fiscal 2028. Vehicle Intelligence Technology Nissan’s ProPILOT aims to provide drivers with safe, low-fatigue driving, and to further improve automated driving technologies, bringing us closer to our goal of zero fatalities. Transition to EVs The Nissan Intelligent Factory is a new factory concept that supports next-generation vehicle manufacturing with innovative technologies and contributes to the realization of carbon neutrality. The concept, first implemented at the Tochigi Plant in fiscal 2021, will be expanded sequentially to major production bases around the world. The Nissan Intelligent Factory Nissan’s unique EV manufacturing hub, EV36Zero, will be progressively introduced at all major manufacturing sites. Nissan will further develop these innovations to enhance our competitive advantage. Transition to EVs EV36Zero 22 Integrated Report 2024

[PAGE 24]
Vehicle sales and customer services • • • Car sales Connected services Aftersales services CUSTOMER LOYALTY PROGRAM Data based tailored services Features on demand EV energy ecosystem Mobility services EXPANDTOWARDFUTURE Potential revenue by FY30 2.5T JPY FY24 • • • • Aftersales retention Entertainment Personalized CRM* Reward points CURRENT OFFERINGS FY23 CURRENT OFFERINGS FY23 EXPANSION FY27 EXPANSION FY27 SCALE UP FY24 OVER-THE-AIR (OTA) • On demand subscription • OTA updates SCALE UP TO ACHIEVE NEW REVENUE FY25 SCALE UP TO ACHIEVE NEW REVENUE FY25 • Affordable bi-directional home charger and V2X service • AI-supported charging management system • Nissan energy storage system (ESS) for home BUSINESS DOMAIN • Usage-based insurance (UBI) • Advertisement fleet service RESIDENTIAL COMMERCIAL Japan US Europe • Intelligent route planning with renewable energy network • Seamless plug-and-charge service • Large Nissan ESS for commercial facilities NEXT GENERATION MOBILITY SERVICE ENERGY MANAGEMENT SERVICE *Customer Relationship Management • Vehicle-to-Home, Vehicle-to-Grid FOT (Field Operating Test) CURRENT OFFERINGS FY23 EXPANSION FY27 Japan US Europe • Vehicle-to-Business • ESS FOT • Public charging services New business initiative with Mitsubishi Corporation in Japan Mobility for all anytime, anywhere Renewable energy utilization Electricity for resilience Electricity peak shift Enable transition to EVs; realize long-term profitability MEDIUM TO LONG TERM Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents Value Creation Process Business Plan: The Arc Long-term vision: Nissan Ambition 2030 ■ Creating new business opportunities We are promoting various initiatives to realize free mobility for a greater number of people. One of these initiatives includes collaboration with Mitsubishi Corporation to examine the commercialization of next-generation mobility and energy-related services utilizing EVs. Next-generation mobility services Leveraging its competitive advantage comprising more than 10 years of experience, Nissan plans to launch Nissan Energy Storage, a residential next-generation charge management and energy storage system. For commercial applications, we will expand the potential of batteries by offering seamless plug-and-charge and other services EV energy ecosystem Nissan will gradually introduce and expand its over the air subscriptions, wireless vehicle software updates, usage-based auto insurance, and fleet-oriented services. Lifecycle management 23 Integrated Report 2024

[PAGE 25]
CAPEX + R&D (Electrification) CAPEX + R&D (ICE & others) 7-8 % Battery capacity investment >400B + By FY26 Sales volume increase UNITS 1M OPERATING PROFIT FY26 %+ 6 FY30 %~ 8 FY20 FY23 FY24 FY25 FY26 CAPEX + R&D for electrification >70% 100% CAPEX + R&D ratio vs net revenue FY24-26 Before M&A FY24-26 FREE CASH FLOW Positive DIVIDEND & SHARE BUYBACK TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN RATIO > 30% FY24-26 NET CASH TARGET 1T JPY level SMART PARTNERSHIPS M&A for value creation *Excluding China 78% Aim to maintain more than 90% FY23 FY26 FY30 ONWARD Strict financial discipline Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents Value Creation Process Business Plan: The Arc Long-term vision: Nissan Ambition 2030 ■ Unit sales, operating profit margin Nissan will maintain financial discipline while promoting steady business growth, with the aim of a one-million-unit increase in global unit sales by fiscal 2026; an operating profit margin of more than 6% by fiscal 2026, and of more than 8% by fiscal 2030. Nissan is committed to enhancing shareholder returns and capital efficiency, as well as continuously improving its financial performance and maintaining financial flexibility for future growth. Nissan recognizes that the company’s PBR is falling short of its real potential at approximately 0.4x as of March 31, 2024. During the preparation of the new business plan “ The Arc”, management had in depth analysis and review of the financial key performance indicators such as operating profit margin, FCF, net cash as well into R&D and CAPEX expenditures. We believe the execution of the strategy and improvement of these fundamental KPIs are an important key to improve the market valuation of Nissan. ■ Optimization of plant utilization ratio Nissan will leverage the results of Nissan NEXT and maintain efforts to optimize factory utilization rates. At present, the global plant utilization rate, excluding the rate in China, is 78%. We aim to raise this to more than 90% by fiscal 2026, and to maintain it at more than 90% thereafter. ■ Resilient, highly profitable performance Nissan will continue to provide value to all stakeholders, maintaining its positive free cash flow even after electrification investments have been made, and will aim to secure a total shareholder return of more than 30%. Combining share buybacks and dividends where the dividend per share is expected to gradually increase every year. Nissan is also considering new partnerships, and anticipates a one-time cash outlay for a new capital alliance. Even after these initiatives, we aim to maintain net cash at a healthy level of ¥1 trillion. ■ R&D investment and CAPEX Nissan will achieve a balance between R&D investment and CAPEX. Investments in electrification will be incrementally increased, with plans to reach more than 70% of the total by fiscal 2026. We plan to invest more than ¥400 billion in battery facilities. At the same time, we will manage R&D investments and CAPEX to maintain them in the range of 7% to 8% of net revenue. 24 Integrated Report 2024

[PAGE 26]
Sustainability at Nissan Sustainability at Nissan Environmental: Nissan Green Program 2030 Environmental: Feature Social: Feature Social: Nissan Social Program 2030 Contents Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents Sustainability is Nissan’s future Sustainability is relevant to virtually every area of our operations, meaning that all activities conducted at Nissan are deeply tied to the mindset of sustainability. With such a vast scope, we need a systematic and strategic approach to ensure that each department is incorporating sustainability into their activities. Through internal and external stakeholder dialogue together with an analysis of risks and opportunities, we began by inspecting the countless societal issues in our world today and identifying those most material to us in terms of the impact they have on both our business and on society. These top material issues include ones that require a companywide approach, such as respect for human rights and countering climate change. Representatives from relevant departments discuss these issues at the Global Sustainability Steering Committee, which I chair. The committee follows each step of the process, from deciding on our course of action, monitoring our progress, and finally disclosing the results. Meanwhile, matters on environmental strategy development and policy decisions are discussed at the Global Environmental Management Committee, co-chaired by the CEO and myself. The outcome of these discussions is reported to top management and the board of directors, enabling them to make informed decisions. Furthermore, to realize sustainable conduct in our activities, we have established mid to long-term programs that consolidate our action plans for our various business areas. Our series of Nissan Green Programs (NGPs) throughout the past 20 plus years demonstrates our ongoing efforts to address environmental issues, with the ultimate goal of managing our environmental impact to a level that can be absorbed by nature. In our fifth green program, NGP2030, we focus on climate change, resource dependency, and air quality & water as crucial areas. We will provide new and unique values to the world while advancing company-wide environmental initiatives such as aligning with the 1.5°C scenario towards carbon neutrality, transitioning into a circular economy, and minimizing our impact on ecosystems. Meanwhile, we have been individually tackling a myriad of diverse societal issues. However, due to the rapid increase in complexity and diversity of these issues, we established the Nissan Social Program 2030 (NSP2030) to provide a framework to holistically manage and drive our activities across our business. The program is structured around six focus areas with special attention to our stakeholders, altogether aiming to establish Nissan as a people-centric company. We ensure that the human aspect is always retained in our business activities. Both the NGP2030 and NSP2030 are integral components of our newly announced business plan, The Arc, which acts as a bridge to the fulfillment of our long-term vision, Nissan Ambition 2030. As a result, sustainability is fully woven into all our business activities, whether new or preexisting. We must continue to consider those impacted by our actions, listen to them, exchange opinions within the company, and evolve our activities. This may result in seemingly inefficient ways to conduct business. However, businesses that are truly viable and sustainable over the long run steadily prepare for the future and not just focus on the short-term. To us, this is the roadmap for building a sustainable company that in turn leads to a sustainable society. While maintaining this mindset at the heart of our company, we will continue to optimize the ways we advance sustainability, working towards the realization of a cleaner, safer, and more inclusive world. Public interest in modern-day societal issues is heightening and there is very real concern regarding the state in which we will leave the world for future generations. This compels us, as a company, to consider at every turn how we should address these issues. Nissan’s presence spans the globe, and for us to remain relevant and valued as a trustworthy company, it is essential that we consider the potential impact we have on all aspects of society, from the global economy and climate change to each individual customer, employee and business partner, and act proactively as needed. Our goal is to foster a better world through our actions, and we follow our corporate purpose of “Driving innovation to enrich people’s lives” throughout all planning and execution phases of our activities. For us, this is key for Nissan to be a valued company. Building a sustainable business The launch of a new sustainability program Nissan’s sustainability going forward Joji Tagawa Senior Vice President Chief Sustainability Officer CSO Message Integrated Report 2024 25

[PAGE 27]
We assess global agendas by regularly analyzing market-trends, identifying expectations from society through dialogue with stakeholders that include investors, and studying the United Nations Climate Change Conference of Parties (COP), Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), and risk reports published by the World Economic Forum (WEF). Clarifying societal and environmental issues We assess Nissan’s material issues by analyzing risks and opportunities from a global perspective. This perspective incorporates both efforts to achieve the Nissan Ambition 2030 long-term vision and the role of the automobile sector. Assessing material issues facing Nissan and the automobile sector as a whole We organize priorities based on risks and opportunities into a matrix to identify the value Nissan creates and determine how to enhance initiatives going forward. Then, we conduct an expert review to reflect the feedback provided. Prioritizing materiality We report our materiality assessment ̶ including background information and the reasons for our selections ̶ to executives and the Board of Directors to reach a consensus. Reaching consensus among management and the Board of Directors STEP 1 STEP 2 STEP 3 STEP 4 Materiality Sustainability at Nissan Environmental: Nissan Green Program 2030 Environmental: Feature Social: Feature Social: Nissan Social Program 2030 Contents Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents ■ Identifying Materiality Defining Nissan’s priorities is essential for strengthening our sustainability strategy and realizing Nissan Ambition 2030. To this end, Nissan has analyzed the risks and opportunities we face. We have taken into account stakeholder concerns as well as latest trends such as on technological innovations and identified 21 material topics that is to be addressed on a company-wide basis. In the process of identifying material issues, we have adopted the concept of double materiality, thereby introducing the perspective of Nissan’s impact on the environment and society, in addition to the impact that society and the environment has on Nissan (particularly financial impact), which had traditionally been the main concern for investors. From these two perspectives, we examine our corporate activities including its sustainability aspect, and determine the value created by Nissan and which initiatives to prioritize. The 21 topics identified are arranged in a matrix, with the vertical axis representing Nissan’s impact on, and value provided to, society and the environment; the horizontal axis representing the impact that society and the environment has on Nissan. The 12 topics at the top of the vertical and horizontal axes have the greatest impact, and are designated as being the most critical. Each identified topic is incorporated into our business activities, serving to expand opportunities for collaboration, enhance our activities, and realize our corporate purpose. Nissan materiality matrix Materiality assessment process * No priority in category Impact on Nissan from society and the environment Nissan’s value/impact on society and the environment High Extremely high Engagement with stakeholders Preservation of water, air and soil Wellness and occupational safety/ health Risk hedge for physical hazards Human resource development Ecosystem service and biodiversity DEI (Diversity, equity and inclusion) Lifecycle management Pursue energy efficiency Environmental Social Governance Top 12 prioritized items Product quality Extremely high High Community development Governance, regulation and compliance Inclusive mobility solutions Supply chain management Sustainable resource management Human rights Vehicle electrification Renewable energy Vehicle safety Cleaner emissions Privacy and data security Integrated Report 2024 26

[TABLE] Community
development | Vehicle safety
Cleaner emissions
Privacy and data
security | Governance,
regulation and compliance
Inclusive mobility solutions
Human rights
Vehicle electrification
Renewable energy
[TABLE] Ecosystem service
and biodiversity | DEI (Diversity, equity
and inclusion)
Lifecycle management
Pursue energy
efficiency | Product quality
Supply chain management
Sustainable resource
management
[TABLE] Engagement with
stakeholders
Preservation of
water, air and soil | Wellness and
occupational safety/
health
Risk hedge for physical
hazards
Human resource
development

[PAGE 28]
Nissan Green Program 2030 Environment Sustainability at Nissan Environmental: Nissan Green Program 2030 Environmental: Feature Social: Feature Social: Nissan Social Program 2030 Contents Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents NGP2030 Focus areas 2030 goals Pillar Related materiality issues Environmental values Contribute towards carbon neutrality of vehicle lifecycle through electrification of vehicles and innovation in monozukuri Advancing circular economy by establishing a framework that maximizes vehicle usage as well as efficient and sustainable usage of resources ・ Minimizing impact on air quality through reduction of emissions from vehicles and corporate activities ・ Promoting water usage reduction and water quality management with consideration to local issues Establish framework for identifying and explaining environmental risks across the value chain, as well as improving environmental performance Secure supply chain risk management Lifecycle (t-CO2/vehicle) Global -30% Manage Waste / Landfill 4 regions* 40% Maintain low levels Global -32.5% 4 regions* -50% Global -52% Aim to achieve lifecycle targets Product (gCO2/km) Reduce CO2 emissions in (vs. 2018) Material Secure responsible sourcing Enhance Environment Governance Water Vehicle Zero high-risk sites Air Quality Supplier Logistics R&D Facility Office Dealer Manufacturing (t-CO2/vehicle) Enhance water risk management at manufacturing sites Reduce water usage at manufacturing sites Manage wastewater quality at manufacturing sites Expand sustainable material (weight basis) Expand energy management function Enhance management of vehicle emission including non-tail pipe Secure and integrate value-chain information (traceability) Technology development and adoption Equipped rate to EV: 100% (Japan, U.S.A. and Europe) Continue current activities (Paint shop) Comply with Nissan standard on In-Cabin VOC Manage VOC at manufacturing sites Manage air quality in cabin ・ Build and operate Carbon footprint etc. management system for corporate activities and parts production ・ Secure supply-chain data reliability * 4 regions: Japan, U.S.A., Europe and China ・ Vehicle electrification ・ Renewable energy ・ Supply chain management ・ Community development ・ Sustainable resource management ・ Pursuit energy efficiency ・ Lifecycle management ・ Risk hedge of physical hazards ・ Ecosystem service and biodiversity ・ Vehicle electrification ・ Renewable energy ・ Sustainable resource management ・ Supply chain management ・ Community development ・ Ecosystem service and biodiversity ・ Product quality ・ Supply chain management ・ Sustainable resource management ・ Cleaner emissions ・ Ecosystem service and biodiversity ・ Preservation of water, air, soil ・ Risk hedge of physical hazards ・ Governance, regulation & compliance ・ Supply chain management ・ Engagement with stakeholders Climate change Resource dependency Foundation Air quality and water In 2002, Nissan announced the Nissan Green Program (NGP), our medium-term environmental action plan aimed at realizing our environmental philosophy: Symbiosis of people, vehicles, and nature. Since then, we have been working to attain our ultimate goal of reducing our environmental dependence and impact to levels that nature can absorb. In 2023, we launched the fifth generation NGP2030. Nissan is committed to further reducing its environmental impact and creating value that has a positive impact on the environment to realize a sustainable society in harmony with nature. ■ NGP2030: key issues, initiatives Under NGP2030, recognizing issues of global concern and our materiality assessment, we have identified climate change, resource dependency, as well as air quality and water as key areas to focus on in our medium- to long-term environmental strategy. NGP2030 is a concrete action plan for implementing the environmental aspects of Nissan Ambition 2030, so that we might realize our Corporate Purpose. Under NGP2030, we will accelerate company-wide efforts to address climate change issues, including efforts to conform with the 1.5°C scenario to achieve carbon neutrality, transition to a circular economy, minimize dependence and impact on nature and ecosystems, and strengthen Nissan’s business foundation, while at the same time working to create new social value. In addition, we will strive to co-create a sustainable society through dialogues with business partners and other external stakeholders to understand their needs and encourage them to change their behavior. Integrated Report 2024 27

[TABLE] Pillar | Focus areas | 2030 goals | Environmental values | Related
materiality issues
[TABLE] Climate
change
Resource
dependency
Air quality
and water
Foundation | Lifecycle (t-CO2/vehicle)
Product (gCO2/km)
Manufacturing (t-CO2/vehicle)
Reduce CO2
emissions in Supplier
(vs. 2018) Logistics
R&D Facility
Office
Dealer | Global -30% | Contribute towards
carbon neutrality of
vehicle lifecycle through
electrification of vehicles
and innovation in
monozukuri
[TABLE] Global -32.5%
4 regions* -50%
[TABLE] Global -52%
[TABLE] Aim to achieve
lifecycle targets
[TABLE] Expand sustainable material
(weight basis)
Material
Manage Waste / Landfill
Expand energy management
Vehicle
function | 4 regions* 40% | Advancing circular
economy by establishing
a framework that
maximizes vehicle usage
as well as efficient and
sustainable usage of
resources
[TABLE] Maintain low levels
[TABLE] Equipped rate to EV: 100%
(Japan, U.S.A. and Europe)
[TABLE] Enhance water risk management
at manufacturing sites
Reduce water usage at
Water
manufacturing sites
Manage wastewater quality at
manufacturing sites
Enhance management of vehicle
emission including non-tail pipe
Manage VOC at manufacturing
Air Quality
sites
Manage air quality in cabin | Zero high-risk sites | ・ Minimizing impact on air
quality through
reduction of emissions
from vehicles and
corporate activities
・ Promoting water usage
reduction and water
quality management
with consideration to
local issues
[TABLE] Technology development and
adoption
[TABLE] Continue current activities
(Paint shop)
[TABLE] Comply with Nissan standard
on In-Cabin VOC
[TABLE] Secure supply chain risk
management
[TABLE] ・ Build and operate Carbon
footprint etc. management
system for corporate activities
and parts production
・ Secure supply-chain data
reliability

[PAGE 29]
Estimated carbon tax on GHG emissions in 2030 Impact on carbon tax ina single year: Approx. ¥10 billion Risk: Expanded impact of carbon taxes 2030 Carbon tax generated on CO2 emissions/per single year If corporate activities as of 2018 are continued If initiatives to address environmental issues are promoted through the NGP Increased burden of energy costs NGP2030 CO2 reduction targets for 2030 (compared with 2018) Production Procurement Fuel/electricity production Vehicle use Repurpose/reuse Recycle Disposal -30% (t-CO2/vehicle) Global CO2 reduction target for the entire life cycle of Nissan vehicles (material mining/ manufacturing/component manufacturing) (parts manufacturing/ vehicle production) Logistics (in/outbound) Offices and dealerships Feature Toward carbon neutrality throughout the entire lifecycle Sustainability at Nissan Environmental: Nissan Green Program 2030 Environmental: Feature Social: Feature Social: Nissan Social Program 2030 Contents Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents At the 21st Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (COP21), held in 2015, a framework was adopted to limit global warming to “well below” 2°C above pre-industrial levels, and efforts since to decarbonize have advanced throughout the world. At COP26, held in 2021, the inclusion of the ambitious phrase “pursuing efforts to limit the global warming to 1.5°C” led to calls for the further acceleration of decarbonization efforts. In 2021, Nissan announced its goal of achieving carbon neutrality across the entire life cycle of its products by 2050. In addition, Nissan’s long-term vision, Nissan Ambition 2030, and business plan, The Arc, will accelerate the Company’s efforts to reduce CO2 emissions from business activities. Plans include the expansion of electric vehicle production and mobility innovation, while building an EV ecosystem. Further, under the Nissan Green Program 2030 (NGP2030), Nissan has set its first lifecycle CO2 reduction targets. To fulfill our responsibilities as an automaker, Nissan will prioritize efforts to reduce CO2 emissions at its manufacturing plants as well as those emitted by its vehicles, thereby promoting initiatives consistent with the 1.5°C target. Carbon neutrality by 2050 A and A- scores in CDP Climate Change category * 4 regions: Japan, the US, Europe, and China https://www.nissan-global. com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY /LIBRARY/SR/2023/TCFD/ Linkage with initiatives aimed at carbon neutrality Nissan is participating in campaigns and initiatives aimed at achieving full electrification and carbon neutrality. In 2021, in recognition of its environmental initiatives and interim targets for achieving carbon neutrality, Nissan became the first Japanese automaker with certified SBT.* We also endorsed the Business Ambition for 1.5°C campaign, promoted by SBT certification body, Science Based Targets Initiative (SBTi). The organization aims to help limit increases in the average global temperature to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels. Also in 2021, Nissan announced its participation as the first Japanese automaker in the Race to Zero campaign, a global campaign supported by the United Nations that aims to achieve zero carbon emissions by 2050. Through participation in these campaigns and its SBT certification, Nissan will work with like-minded companies and local governments around the world to resolve climate change issues and help realize a sustainable society. * The Science Based Targets Initiative (SBTi) is a global organization that works with the CDP (prior to 2013 known as the Carbon Disclosure Project), the United Nations Global Compact, the World Resources Institute, the World Wide Fund for Nature, and other bodies to assist companies in setting ambitious emissions reduction targets based on the latest climate science. * Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures. Established by the Financial Stability Board to consider how to disclose climate-related information and how financial institutions should respond. Information disclosure framework endorsement For 11 years since fiscal 2013, Nissan has received A and A- scores in the Climate Change category designated by the CDP, an international non-profit organization that runs the global disclosure system that allows companies to measure and manage their environmental performance. We also received an A rating in the Water Security category for five consecutive years, and achieved Leadership Level accreditation in both the Climate Change and Water Security categories. Evaluations by external organizations Nissan supports TCFD* recommendations and discloses information in line with the framework proposed by the TCFD. Through this disclosure, Nissan is gaining recognition from investors and other stakeholders for its awareness of, and efforts to address, climate change risks, and Nissan is incorporating knowledge gained through dialogues with stakeholders into its strategies and actions. In disclosing information based on the TCFD recommendations, Nissan conducts scenario analyses, based on reports by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), to help it understand the opportunities and risks posed by climate change. Further, we examine the resilience of our strategies. Most recently, we conducted an assessment of financial impacts based on a scenario analysis of the impact of carbon taxes. (g-CO2/km) -32.5% -50% Global 4 regions* CO2 reduction target for vehicle usage (t-CO2/vehicle) -52% Global CO2 reduction target for production TCFD content index Integrated Report 2024 28

[TABLE] Production
(parts manufacturing/
vehicle production)
[TABLE] Logistics
(in/outbound)
[TABLE] Offices and
dealerships
[TABLE] Procurement
(material mining/
manufacturing/component
manufacturing)
[TABLE] Vehicle use
[TABLE] Fuel/electricity production
[TABLE] Repurpose/reuse

[PAGE 30]
Research phase FY18 Proto-type production facility FY22 Start pilot line operations FY24 Test proto-type car on the road FY26 Aim to launch in new EV FY28 Residential services (fiscal 2025) Commercial services (fiscal 2025) ● AI supported charging management system ● Affordable bi-directional home charger and V2X service ● Home energy storage systems ● Seamless plug-and-charge services ● Large energy storage systems ● Intelligent route planning Achieve carbon neutrality across product life cycle By 2050 Electrifying every all-new vehicle offering in key markets by early 2030s Feature Toward carbon neutrality throughout the entire lifecycle Sustainability at Nissan Environmental: Nissan Green Program 2030 Environmental: Feature Social: Feature Social: Nissan Social Program 2030 Contents Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents to cover all segments FY24-30 More energy-efficient electrified vehicles Renewable energy-based EV ecosystem to aid distributed power systems Innovative battery technology for competitive, efficient EVs By 2030 60% 34 new electrified models More efficient use of energy and resources through innovative production technologies Global model mix of electrified vehicles Expanded electrified vehicles lineup Battery innovation Over ¥400 billion planned for battery facilities With partners to develop, procure batteries in main markets In fiscal 2027, Nissan to start expanding residential and commer- cial-use business and services in Japan, the US, and Europe Nissan Intelligent Factory and EV36Zero to boost Nissan’s competitive advantage ● 50% higher energy density ● 50% less quick-charging time NCM lithium-ion batteries (fiscal 2028) ● Excellent cost performance ● Planned for installation in Kei-EVs in Japan LFP batteries (fiscal 2028) ● An expected game changer for EVs ● Pilot production line currently under construction at the Yokohama Plant All-solid-state batteries (ASSBs) (fiscal 2028) Roadmap for ASSB implementation Nissan plans to revamp its model mix of internal combustion engine and electrified vehicles. By fiscal 2030, EVs are expected to represent 40% of its global output, and electrified vehicles, including e-POWER and plug-in hybrids, 60%. ● Supports the manufacturing of next-generation vehicles with innovative technologies, contributing to the realization of carbon neutrality ● Launched at Tochigi Plant (Japan) in fiscal 2021; in 2026 start expansion to major production bases in Japan, the US, and Europe EVs are equipped with large-capacity batteries equivalent to several days’ worth of power consumed by an average household. Even when a vehicle reaches the end of its life, most batteries retain 60–80% of their original capacity. The use of these batteries as power storage solutions will help stabilize and promote the spread of renewable energy, the generation of which is difficult to control. Nissan is preparing to provide the following services as part of its planned EV energy ecosystem. EV energy ecosystem Global Nissan Intelligent Factories, EV36Zero Nissan Intelligent Factory ● The EV production hub combines mobility and energy management to integrate manufacturing and services ● Launched at Sunderland Plant (UK) in fiscal 2021; set for fiscal 2025 launch at Tochigi Plant, and expansion to major production sites in Japan and the US EV36Zero Battery innovations for cost-competitive and more efficient EVs Develop a battery ecosystem to support decentralized renewable energy generation Greater energy and material efficiencies during the manufacturing process Greater energy efficiency of our electrified powertrains Integrated Report 2024 29

[PAGE 31]
・ De-carbonized ・ Ethically-sourced ・ Non-toxic ・ Certified Sustainability Requirements Design Purchase Manufacturing Beyond mobility Nissan is making ongoing efforts to reuse and conserve resources from the design, procurement, and manufacturing phases, as well as to properly manage chemical substances and reduce the vehicle weight. In addition to using recycled materials in new vehicles, we are increasingly using recycled parts for customer repairs and replacements, as well as promoting the secondary usage of EV batteries. As we focus on the sustainable use of resources, we are at the same time seeking to promote circulable materials for cases using new materials to secure future resource circularity. Nissan aims to ensure that their vehicles can be put to maximum use, whether they are used as mobility solutions for such new services as ride sharing, or as an energy source providing battery power to homes and society when not in use. Mobility Telematics Electric Power NGP2030 Objectives Sustainable materials ratio 40% (Japan, U.S.A., Europe, China) NGP2030 Objectives 100% (Japan, U.S., Europe) 1Materials that are not newly mined resources New materials that are circulable 2 Sustainable materials Resource circularity with less energy Maximizing use of vehicles as resources Rebuild Reuse Repair Connected Consideration of reuse and resource conservation Recycle Ratio of new EVs with energy management functions Feature Realizing a Circular Economy Sustainability at Nissan Environmental: Nissan Green Program 2030 Environmental: Feature Social: Feature Social: Nissan Social Program 2030 Contents Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents With the world population expected to exceed 9 billion people by 2050, demand for newly mined mineral and fossil resources is expected to increase, making it even more important to maximize the value of these resources. Sustainable management and the efficient use of natural resources, including newly mined resources, are one of the key objectives of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) adopted by the United Nations in 2015. At Nissan, the Nissan Green Program 2030 aims to achieve zero dependence on newly mined resources in 2050 by incorporating the circular economy concept to resolve this issue. We are developing both schemes that utilize resources efficiently and sustainably throughout their lifecycle, and new opportunities that make effective use of vehicles. Toward zero dependence on newly mined resources Greater use of sustainable materials Sustainable material long-term vision 1Materials that are not newly mined resources and 2New materials that are circulable, which meet Nissan’s own sustainability requirements, are defined as sustainable materials. Nissan is promoting their use in new vehicles and replacement parts, with the goal of 100% usage by 2050. 20% 32% NGP2030 (%) 100 80 60 40 20 0 2010 2023 2030 2050 Sustainable materials 40% Sustainable materials 100% Integrated Report 2024 30

[TABLE] e

[PAGE 32]
4R ENERGY Realizing a Circular Economy Lineup of rebuilt parts Lineup of reused parts Nissan is working to develop a method of sorting and recycling of mixed plastics contained in shredder dust, generated during the recycling of end-of-life vehicles. Shredder dust recycling technologies Nissan Green Parts Secondary use of lithium-ion batteries Nissan operates a closed-loop recycling system at production bases in Japan, the US, and Europe. There, aluminum scrap generated during manufacturing is recycled into aluminum alloy sheets for automobiles again. To reduce the amount of newly mined rare earth elements used EV drive motors, we are developing highly efficient rare earth recycling and recovery technologies. Closed-loop recycling Electric powertrain recycling technologies Feature Realizing a Circular Economy Sustainability at Nissan Environmental: Nissan Green Program 2030 Environmental: Feature Social: Feature Social: Nissan Social Program 2030 Contents Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents Resource circularity with less energy Maximizing use of vehicles as resources Using Nissan’s energy management technology, while keeping track of a vehicle’s usage schedule and battery state of charge in real time, the timing of charging and discharging is autonomously controlled without compromising vehicle convenience. This system is unique to Nissan, which has a thorough understanding of how vehicles are used. The system maximizes the value of EVs by making effective use of electricity, such as peak shifts and cuts, while also helping to reduce CO2 emissions through links with renewable energy sources. Recycling Reuse, refabrication Repairs Nissan Energy Share Parts collected from end-of-life vehicles and those parts replaced during repairs are cleaned, reassembled, quality checked, and sold under the trade name Nissan Green Parts. Used lithium-ion batteries are reused in a wide range of energy storage solutions. Established in September 2010 as a joint venture with Sumitomo Corporation, 4R ENERGY is working to enable high-performance lithium-ion batteries to be put to secondary use by reusing, refabricating, reselling, and recycling them. Supply Charging Through electrification and connected car technologies, Nissan is promoting new mobility services, such as ride sharing and the use of vehicles as energy sources, thereby using vehicles to expand services that connect people and society. Vehicle repairs, reuse, and rebuilds involve reusing parts and units whenever possible, while recycling involves the circulation of materials. With a view to achieving resource circularity with less energy, Nissan promotes the reuse of resources at inner circulation loops. Further, even when we do use new resources, we make efforts to use circulable materials that have a minimal environmental impact. New technologies such as opposite die-less molding, which allows body panels to be formed without the use of dies, and 3D printers make it possible to keep producing parts required for after-sales service, as well as to repair parts of older models, which require high-mix, low-volume production. This enables us to extend the car’s lifetime further, and helps reduce waste. Nissan will utilize Namie’s renewable energy power generation facilities, bidirectional chargers, EVs & secondary batteries and NIssan’s charging/discharging control systems to promote local production of clean energy for local consumption, as well as the reduction of CO2 emissions. Mobility services Energy management Urban development using mobility and energy In the Namie Smart Mobility trial project conducted in Namie, Fukushima Prefecture, Nissan aims to provide residents and visitors with sustainable flexible transportation by building a public transport network utilizing EV and connected technologies. 6:00 9:00 12:00 15:00 18:00 EVs discharge EVs charge 21:00 24:00 Peak electricity consumption Electricity demand in offices Time Integrated Report 2024 31

[PAGE 33]
Society Nissan Social Program 2030 Contents Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents Sustainability at Nissan Environmental: Nissan Green Program 2030 Environmental: Feature Social: Feature Social: Nissan Social Program 2030 NSP2030 Focus areas Social value 2030 goals Human right Power of Employees Related materiality issues Safety Reduction of traffic accidents and related casualties, contribution to building a safe and secure social system Invest in new technologies, such as autonomous driving and connected car systems, to create safer, more efficient, and more personalized mobility solutions ・ Vehicle safety ・ Inclusive mobility solutions Quality Customer satisfaction and product safety/quality Achieve top-level quality*3, defect aim zero and no compliance issue ・ Product quality Intellectual property Efficient/effective promotion of innovation through IP Ecosystem for coexistence and co-prosperity of human, society and the earth Contribute to solving social issues by promoting IP activities with others to foster innovation (IP ecosystem) ・ Vehicle safety ・ Inclusive mobility solutions ・ Product quality Responsible sourcing Promotion of respect to human rights, and reduction and prevention of negative impact to human rights in supply chain Establish human rights due diligence system in supply chain to aim for “No human rights violation” ・ Supply chain management Communities Provide learning opportunities, support disaster-affected areas, and address social issues faced by the community Contribute to solving social issues through “Nissan-ness” as well as to empowering youth and children in communities ・ Community development Employee human rights ・ Culture of respect for human rights, specific rules development and promotion of penetration. ・ Protection of individual dignity and status, empowerment Respect human rights to realize “People centric” ・ Human rights Diversity, equity, & inclusion Foster a diverse and inclusive environment where we value and respect employees to drive innovation in automotive products and services that enrich people’s lives Realize an inclusive and exciting Nissan that values uniqueness ・ DEI (diversity, equity, and inclusion) ・ Enhance individual’s employability ・ Nurture individuals who are prepared for rapid and significant societal changes (enhance adaptability of individuals) Develop a highly skilled and motivated workforce Learning & development ・ Human resource development Health & safety ・ Reduction of burden on medical institutions ・ Increased productivity for society as a whole ・ Increase people who work safely, securely and in good health ・ Realize a company that can work lively ・ Wellness and occupational safety/health Make Nissan a great place to work in which all employees feel empowered, supported, and can be their authentic selves, in order for them to realize their full potential Nissan has formulated the Nissan Social Program 2030 (NSP2030) in order to create corporate and social value. It is doing so by incorporating in its business activities priority efforts that target social issues identified in the Company’s materiality assessments. Through innovative and inclusive initiatives, NSP2030 serves as the foundation of our business plan, The Arc, and contributes to the realization of our long-term vision, Nissan Ambition 2030. Nissan aims to be a people-centric company, growing together with its employees, local communities, partners, and broader society while creating corporate and social value. By making a greater effort than ever to address social issues, we will achieve sustainable business, fulfill our mission of helping to create a better society for future generations, and have a positive impact. ■ NSP2030 priority areas and initiatives Under NSP2030, based on materiality assessments, we are promoting initiatives in six areas: Safety, quality, intellectual property, responsible sourcing, communities, and the power of employees. Nissan has always valued people and made respect for human rights a cornerstone of management. This respect is at the heart of all of our activities, including the six priority areas of NSP2030. In each area, we set goals and devise action plans*1 for 2030, as well as clarify the social value that can be provided by implementing the program. The power of employees to influence the company rests on four main areas: human rights; diversity, equality, and inclusion; learning and development; as well as health and safety. Reflecting the power of staff in these areas, a number of activities are being promoted in conjunction with HR Ambition 2030,*2 a human resources strategy aimed at maximizing human and organizational capabilities. *1 For action plans in each area, please click here *2 Specific details regarding HR Ambition 2030 are introduced on P.33 *3 Top 3 in each market in product and sales & service quality Integrated Report 2024 32

[TABLE] Focus areas | 2030 goals | Social value | Related
materiality issues
[TABLE] Safety
Quality
Intellectual
property
Responsible
sourcing
Communities | Invest in new technologies, such as
autonomous driving and connected car
systems, to create safer, more efficient,
and more personalized mobility solutions | Reduction of traffic accidents and related
casualties, contribution to building a safe
and secure social system
[TABLE] Human
right
[TABLE] Achieve top-level quality*3, defect aim
zero and no compliance issue | Customer satisfaction and product
safety/quality
[TABLE] Contribute to solving social issues by
promoting IP activities with others to
foster innovation (IP ecosystem) | Efficient/effective promotion of innovation
through IP Ecosystem for coexistence and
co-prosperity of human, society and the
earth
[TABLE] Establish human rights due diligence
system in supply chain to aim for“ No
human rights violation” | Promotion of respect to human rights, and
reduction and prevention of negative
impact to human rights in supply chain
[TABLE] Contribute to solving social issues
through“ Nissan-ness” as well as to
empowering youth and children in
communities | Provide learning opportunities, support
disaster-affected areas, and address social
issues faced by the community
[TABLE] Make Nissan a great place to work in which all employees feel empowered, supported, and can be their
Power of Employees
authentic selves, in order for them to realize their full potential
・ Culture of respect for human rights,
specific rules development and promotion
Employee Respect human rights to realize of penetration. ・ Human rights
human rights “People centric”
・ Protection of individual dignity and status,
empowerment
Foster a diverse and inclusive environment
・ DEI (diversity,
Diversity, equity, Realize an inclusive and exciting Nissan where we value and respect employees to
equity, and
& inclusion that values uniqueness drive innovation in automotive products and
inclusion)
services that enrich people’s lives
・ Enhance individual’s employability
Learning & Develop a highly skilled and motivated ・ Nurture individuals who are prepared for ・ Human resource
development workforce rapid and significant societal changes development
(enhance adaptability of individuals)
・ Increase people who work safely, ・ Reduction of burden on medical ・ Wellness and
institutions
Health & safety securely and in good health occupational
・ Increased productivity for society as a
・ Realize a company that can work lively whole safety/health | Make Nissan a great place to work in whic
authentic selves, in order for them to realiz | h all employees feel empowered, supported, and
e their full potential | can be their
[TABLE] ・ Culture of respect for human rights,
specific rules development and promotion
Employee Respect human rights to realize of penetration. ・ Human rights
human rights “People centric”
・ Protection of individual dignity and status,
empowerment
Foster a diverse and inclusive environment
・ DEI (diversity,
Diversity, equity, Realize an inclusive and exciting Nissan where we value and respect employees to
equity, and
& inclusion that values uniqueness drive innovation in automotive products and
inclusion)
services that enrich people’s lives
・ Enhance individual’s employability
Learning & Develop a highly skilled and motivated ・ Nurture individuals who are prepared for ・ Human resource
development workforce rapid and significant societal changes development
(enhance adaptability of individuals)
・ Increase people who work safely, ・ Reduction of burden on medical ・ Wellness and
institutions
Health & safety securely and in good health occupational
・ Increased productivity for society as a
・ Realize a company that can work lively whole safety/health | Respect human rights to realize
“People centric” | ・ Culture of respect for human rights,
specific rules development and promotion
of penetration.
・ Protection of individual dignity and status,
empowerment | ・ Human rights
[TABLE] Realize an inclusive and exciting Nissan
that values uniqueness | Foster a diverse and inclusive environment
where we value and respect employees to
drive innovation in automotive products and
services that enrich people’s lives | ・ DEI (diversity,
equity, and
inclusion)
[TABLE] Develop a highly skilled and motivated
workforce | ・ Enhance individual’s employability
・ Nurture individuals who are prepared for
rapid and significant societal changes
(enhance adaptability of individuals) | ・ Human resource
development

[PAGE 34]
Main activities under the 5 areas of HR Ambition 2030 Feature Human Resource Strategy Contents Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents Sustainability at Nissan Environmental: Nissan Green Program 2030 Environmental: Feature Social: Feature Social: Nissan Social Program 2030 * An environment that supports employees’ motivation and a comfortable working environment where employees are able to demonstrate their abilities. * Buy (recruitment)/Build (development)/Borrow (utilization of external human resources) ● We have monitored employee engagement through our annual Global Employee Survey since 2005. We aim to improve employee well-being by providing a flexible work-life balance while also working to enhance compensation and benefit plan competitiveness ● In January 2024, we formulated “OUR PROMISE” as our Employee Value Proposition (EVP). Based on the core concept “We Care, We Grow, We Drive,” we clarified our 4 values: “Making a difference for our environment and society,” “Wellbeing & recognition that enrich your life,” “One Team Spirit uniting us across cultures,” and “Opportunities to dare & learn.” We are advancing initiatives that put these values into action ● We are advancing reskilling and upskilling in R&D through globally common training programs ● In the R&D department, we have set a goal of hiring more than 3,000 new engineers in advanced technology areas, hiring approximately 1,400 people by the end of fiscal 2023 ● In other departments as well, we are advancing 3B* measures to ensure that we have the necessary talent and skills that would become critical in the future Nurture core skills and talents to deliver electrified vehicles, new mobility services and technology innovations ● We will strengthen the pipeline for developing future leaders ● We formulated the “Nissan Leadership Way” (see P.35) and are carrying out various initiatives to spread this globally ● We will further enhance the contents of “Nissan Charge,” a globally common comprehensive training program, and encourage employees’ participation 3 Leadership effectiveness Develop a collaborative and empathetic leadership to empower our people for “Nissan Ambition 2030.” ● We are identifying priority areas for corporate culture transformation and promoting improvement activities ● As our new initiative to promote corporate culture transformation, we have launched “OUR NISSAN” (see P.35). Through this, we will foster a culture unique to Nissan with an eye toward the future of mobility, ultimately fulfilling our corporate purpose ● We are conducting activities such as the “New Business Contest” and “New Value Co-Creation” which seek ideas that generate new value towards the future, as well as solve society’s and Nissan’s issues 2 4 Skills driven management Culture transformation & Innovation Enhance innovation through our DNA, “Do what others don’t dare to do,” by promoting Enablement* and Engagement. ● We are fostering a corporate culture that promotes DEI on a global scale by providing various types of training, offering opportunities for an open communication, and building an inclusive leadership ● In order to provide fair opportunities for all genders, we are promoting gender diversity and initiatives related to LGBTQ+, as well as supporting a balanced lifestyle between work and private, which in turn would build an environment in which employees from various backgrounds can maintain a high level of motivation and proactively participate in business activities ● In Japan, we established Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) in four areas: Gender, LGBTQ+ allies, Multiculture, and Working Parents. We are building a truly diverse, equitable and inclusive working environment, ensuring that everyone is valued and respected. Activities are being implemented in other regions as well, taking into account each of their unique environment and circumstances 5 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) Sustain Diversity as Nissan’s strength and accelerate to build Equity & Inclusion in the workplace. Nissan considers Human Resources as a key to realizing our corporate purpose and long-term vision, Nissan Ambition 2030. We have established the Nissan Way, a company-wide set of values and action guidelines, and have integrated the mindset of “The Power Comes from Inside” throughout our global operations. We believe that, by maximizing our employees’ strengths, not only will our business simply grow, but it will lead to strengthen our value as a company. Our human resource (HR) strategy, HR Ambition 2030, established to realize the vision of Nissan Ambition 2030, aims to maximize the power of employees and underpins our corporate purpose. On the basis of this strategy, Nissan is committed to fostering a corporate culture in which both the company and its employees evolve together and where all employees can learn on their own initiative as well as demonstrate their abilities and realize their potential. Furthermore, Nissan is building a mindset in the workplace whereby each individual takes ownership of their own career and develop their own skills, while at the same time actively collaborating with others and strengthening teamwork. Five pillars of the HR strategy Under HR Ambition 2030, we are promoting initiatives focused on five pillars established to address these six megatrends: increase in unpredictability and uncertainty, increased importance of ESG/SDGs in business, advancement in digital technologies, changes in the labor demographics and market, accelerated diversification of values, and diversification of work style 1 Enhanced employee experience Attract, engage and retain diversified / core skill talents to ensure Nissan’s sustainable growth. Policies and philosophy Integrated Report 2024 33

[TABLE] Nissan considers Human Resources as a key to realizing our corporate purpose and long-term vision, Nissan Ambition 2030. We have established the Nissan Way, a company-wide set of
values and action guidelines, and have integrated the mindset of“ The Power Comes from Inside” throughout our global operations. We believe that, by maximizing our employees’ strengths,
Policies and not only will our business simply grow, but it will lead to strengthen our value as a company. Our human resource (HR) strategy, HR Ambition 2030, established to realize the vision of
Nissan Ambition 2030, aims to maximize the power of employees and underpins our corporate purpose. On the basis of this strategy, Nissan is committed to fostering a corporate culture in
philosophy
which both the company and its employees evolve together and where all employees can learn on their own initiative as well as demonstrate their abilities and realize their potential.
Furthermore, Nissan is building a mindset in the workplace whereby each individual takes ownership of their own career and develop their own skills, while at the same time actively
collaborating with others and strengthening teamwork.
[TABLE] 2 Skills driven management 4 Culture transformation & Innovation
Five pillars of Nurture core skills and talents to deliver electrified Enhance innovation through our DNA,“ Do what others don’t dare to do,”
the HR strategy vehicles, new mobility services and technology innovations by promoting Enablement* and Engagement.
● We are advancing reskilling and upskilling in R&D through globally ● We are identifying priority areas for corporate culture transformation and
common training programs promoting improvement activities
Under HR Ambition 2030, we are promoting initiatives focused on ● In the R&D department, we have set a goal of hiring more than 3,000 ● As our new initiative to promote corporate culture transformation, we have
launched“ OUR NISSAN” (see P.35). Through this, we will foster a culture unique
five pillars established to address these six megatrends: increase in new engineers in advanced technology areas, hiring approximately
to Nissan with an eye toward the future of mobility, ultimately fulfilling our
unpredictability and uncertainty, increased importance of 1,400 people by the end of fiscal 2023 corporate purpose
ESG/SDGs in business, advancement in digital technologies, ● In other departments as well, we are advancing 3B* measures to
● We are conducting activities such as the“ New Business Contest” and“ New
changes in the labor demographics and market, accelerated ensure that we have the necessary talent and skills that would Value Co-Creation” which seek ideas that generate new value towards the future,
diversification of values, and diversification of work style become critical in the future as well as solve society’s and Nissan’s issues
* Buy (recruitment)/Build (development)/Borrow (utilization of external human resources) * An environment that supports employees’ motivation and a comfortable working environment where
Main activities under the 5 areas of HR Ambition 2030 employees are able to demonstrate their abilities.
1 Enhanced employee experience 3 Leadership effectiveness 5 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI)
Attract, engage and retain diversified / core skill talents Develop a collaborative and empathetic leadership to Sustain Diversity as Nissan’s strength and accelerate to
to ensure Nissan’s sustainable growth. empower our people for“ Nissan Ambition 2030.” build Equity & Inclusion in the workplace.
● We have monitored employee engagement through our annual Global ● We will strengthen the pipeline for developing future leaders ● We are fostering a corporate culture that promotes DEI on a global scale by
Employee Survey since 2005. We aim to improve employee well-being ● We formulated the“ Nissan Leadership Way” (see P.35) and are providing various types of training, offering opportunities for an open
by providing a flexible work-life balance while also working to enhance carrying out various initiatives to spread this globally communication, and building an inclusive leadership
compensation and benefit plan competitiveness ● In order to provide fair opportunities for all genders, we are promoting gender
● We will further enhance the contents of“ Nissan Charge,” a globally diversity and initiatives related to LGBTQ+, as well as supporting a balanced
● In January 2024, we formulated“ OUR PROMISE” as our Employee common comprehensive training program, and encourage employees’ lifestyle between work and private, which in turn would build an environment in
Value Proposition (EVP). Based on the core concept“ We Care, We
participation which employees from various backgrounds can maintain a high level of
Grow, We Drive,” we clarified our 4 values“: Making a difference for motivation and proactively participate in business activities
our environment and society,”“ Wellbeing & recognition that enrich
● In Japan, we established Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) in four areas:
your life,”“ One Team Spirit uniting us across cultures,” and
Gender, LGBTQ+ allies, Multiculture, and Working Parents. We are building a truly
“Opportunities to dare & learn.” We are advancing initiatives that put diverse, equitable and inclusive working environment, ensuring that everyone is
these values into action valued and respected. Activities are being implemented in other regions as well,
taking into account each of their unique environment and circumstances

[PAGE 35]
Feature Transforming Our Corporate Culture Contents Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents Sustainability at Nissan Environmental: Nissan Green Program 2030 Environmental: Feature Social: Feature Social: Nissan Social Program 2030 ■ Efforts to transform our corporate culture In 2019, the corporate governance structure was overhauled when the CEO established the Corporate Culture Transformation Department. Our corporate purpose was established and Nissan Way was redefined. Since 2005, Nissan has been monitoring employee engagement by means of an annual Global Employee Survey. Analyzing recent survey scores together with some 90,000 voluntarily submitted comments, we have identified five key categories in fiscal 2021 and since then we have been working to improve them. A leader was assigned to each category and improvement activities have been underway since 2021. A survey conducted in February 2024 showed an improvement of 2 points in the engagement score compared to the previous year. Scores have been steadily improving in five key categories. ■ Background The global environment surrounding Nissan is constantly changing, and so are our customers and their needs. In order to swiftly and flexibly respond to the changes in the business environment, it is crucial that we transform our corporate culture, not only to realize our corporate purpose and long-term vision “Nissan Ambition 2030,” but to become a truly sustainable company that is regarded as an essential member of society by all stakeholders. Nissan has continuously worked to foster a corporate culture over the years. We have found that for Nissan to improve upon its strengths and advance transformation to continue to be essential in the eyes of our customers and wider society, it is crucial that each employee recognize corporate culture transformation as a personal endeavor as much as it is a company-wide, group effort. We as a company need to keep evolving, and this is only possible once employees view change in a positive light, reacting nimbly within an uncertain environment. Engagement Score 0 20 40 60 80 67 2021 69 2022 2023 Structure Five priority areas Decision Process Digitilization Corporate ethics Leadership Corporate culture, Nissan Way, Safe Mindset Diversity, equity, and inclusion. Enablement Executive Committee Executive Sponsor Report 71 Integrated Report 2024 34

[PAGE 36]
Feature Transforming Our Corporate Culture Contents Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents Sustainability at Nissan Environmental: Nissan Green Program 2030 Environmental: Feature Social: Feature Social: Nissan Social Program 2030 ■ The launch of OUR NISSAN In January 2024, we launched “OUR NISSAN” as an initiative to further promote our corporate culture transformation. “OUR NISSAN” provides employees with a roadmap towards embodying Nissan’s values as well as building a rewarding work environment. Based on the three pillars that make up Nissan’s corporate culture: “Nissan Way”, “Nissan Leadership Way”, and “OUR PROMISE”, each employee’s decision-making and actions as well their overall approach to work are aligned with Nissan’s shared values. This will allow for greater consistency across various initiatives and will unite the workforce towards the transformation of our corporate culture. ■ Promoting OUR NISSAN Corporate culture is not something that is transformed overnight. It requires the concerted effort of the global workforce, with each employee recognizing the significance of their role in shaping the work environment around them, ultimately building an ideal workplace culture. In promoting corporate culture transformation, various initiatives have been carried out across the company and in all functions. We plan to set key performance indicators (KPIs) to measure progress toward our goals, to share the progress with our employees and to create opportunities to obtain feedback from them, so that all employees are fully on board and involved in the process of transforming our corporate culture. A set of five common values that forms the foundation for all of our decision-making and actions, ultimately guiding us towards the realization of our corporate purpose. Regardless of their title or position at the company, all employees are required to embody the NISSAN LEADERSHIP WAY to keep evolving in tandem with societal changes, and to lead not only with the head but with the heart. Nissan promises our employees to foster a workplace whereby each employee can maximize their potential, take on challenges and grow together toward the future. Furthermore, we promise to enrich the everyday lives of each and every employee. #1 Always Think of the Customer #2 Show Facts, Face Reality #3 Be Accountable, Act Proactively #4 Think Outside the Box #5 Respect Others, Respect Society OUR NISSAN NISSAN WAY OUR PROMISE NISSAN LEADERSHIP WAY Integrated Report 2024 35

[TABLE] Transforming Our Corporate Culture
Feature
■ The launch of OUR NISSAN ■ Promoting OUR NISSAN
In January 2024, we launched“ OUR NISSAN” as an initiative to further promote our corporate Corporate culture is not something that is transformed overnight. It requires the concerted effort of the
culture transformation“. OUR NISSAN” provides employees with a roadmap towards embodying global workforce, with each employee recognizing the significance of their role in shaping the work
Nissan’s values as well as building a rewarding work environment. Based on the three pillars that environment around them, ultimately building an ideal workplace culture.
make up Nissan’s corporate culture“: Nissan Way”“, Nissan Leadership Way”, and“ OUR PROMISE”, In promoting corporate culture transformation, various initiatives have been carried out across the company
each employee’s decision-making and actions as well their overall approach to work are aligned with and in all functions. We plan to set key performance indicators (KPIs) to measure progress toward our
Nissan’s shared values. This will allow for greater consistency across various initiatives and will unite goals, to share the progress with our employees and to create opportunities to obtain feedback from them,
the workforce towards the transformation of our corporate culture. so that all employees are fully on board and involved in the process of transforming our corporate culture.
[TABLE] NI
＃1 Al
＃2 Sh
＃3 Be
＃4 Th
＃5 Re
A set of
all of our
us towar | O
SSAN WAY
NIS
ways Think of the Customer
ow Facts, Face Reality
Accountable, Act Proactively
ink Outside the Box
spect Others, Respect Society
five common values that forms the foundation for NIS
decision-making and actions, ultimately guiding
ds the realization of our corporate purpose. LEADERS
Regardless of their title or position at
to embody the NISSAN LEADERSHI
societal changes, and to lead not only | UR
OUR PROMISE
SAN
SAN Nissan promises our employees to foster a
workplace whereby each employee can maximize
HIP WAY their potential, take on challenges and grow
together toward the future. Furthermore, we
promise to enrich the everyday lives of each and
every employee.
the company, all employees are required
P WAY to keep evolving in tandem with
with the head but with the heart.

[PAGE 37]
Management supporting our value creation 37 38 41 Independent Outside Director, Chair of the Board of Directors Message Corporate Governance List of directors / skills matrix Section: 02 Integrated Report 2024 36

[PAGE 38]
Earlier this year in Japan, Nissan received a recommendation from the Fair Trade Commission regarding Japan’s Subcontract Act. The board of directors takes this very seriously and has confirmed that top management are committed to resolution, identifying the cause, preventing any recurrences and communicating with transparency. Nissan has swiftly issued refunds to the relevant business partners and discontinued rebates. Furthermore, Nissan has established a dedicated hotline for its business partners as well as a new specialized department, enabling the company to proactively gather partners’ concerns and requests. The board will supervise whether these measures are implemented and managed effectively. It is crucial that all companies in the supply chain exist in mutual prosperity, practicing appropriate business transactions and responsible sourcing. This is a prerequisite for us to drive innovation and grow as a sustainable company while solving societal issues through the development and distribution of valuable and safe products along with services. Acting with high ethical standards, the board vows to fulfill its responsibility by thoroughly reviewing not only the effectiveness of Nissan’s governance structure but also the implementation of a compliance mindset as part of our corporate culture transformation, and maintaining it beyond what is needed just to prevent recurrences. Since the Nissan NEXT business transformation plan was launched in fiscal 2020, Nissan has been strengthening its corporate governance, which it considers a top priority. Nissan NEXT ended in fiscal 2023, when a new medium-term plan was formulated and much discussed by the board. As the management team put together the new plan, the board asked for the plan’s position to be clear in a medium- to long-term time frame, in terms of prioritization and focus. The team were also asked to consider what value would be provided, based on achievements under Nissan NEXT. In planting the seeds for future growth, it was important to have the management team consider what was needed, and, in light of the equal capital relationship with Renault, to demonstrate how the Alliance will be used for a “new Nissan.” Announced at the end of fiscal 2023, the new business plan, The Arc, is truly a bridge connecting Nissan NEXT and Nissan Ambition 2030, the long-term vision. Determined to remain a global player, we will make every effort to boost sales between fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2026, supported by our product portfolio and financial discipline. Beyond fiscal 2026, the plan comprises initiatives based on partner strategies and new businesses. In preparation for the transition to EVs in the future, the ambitious yet fully executable business plan builds on Nissan’s tireless work in electrification. The board will continue to oversee efforts on the executive side from various angles, to achieve and support The Arc. The members of Nissan’s board represent a range of specialties, genders, and nationalities. 8 of the 12 members are independent outside directors, and with myself as an independent outside director chairing the board we ensure that oversight has maximum transparency. In addition, a substantial amount of authority has been delegated to executives to make management decisions quickly and flexibly. Nissan thus has one of Japan’s most advanced systems of governance. The Board’s supervisory function includes monitoring the execution of day-to-day business, discussing Nissan’s direction in terms of important issues, and ensuring that all discussions are transparent and fair. As chairperson, I ask management to provide concise explanations and to report information promptly, especially when it is of an adverse nature. In this way, management helps invigorate deliberations, which leads to productive, constructive board discussions. We encourage independent outside directors to proactively offer management advice and opinions, based on their respective areas of expertise. By so doing, the directors help enhance Nissan’s corporate value by representing the interests of all shareholders. This enables management and the board to continue discussing Nissan’s sustainable growth in a mutually respectful manner, as well as to fulfill responsibilities to all stakeholders. Nissan places sustainability at the core of its corporate foundation and culture, as it works to create a cleaner, safer, and more inclusive world. The board has been involved in formulating management policies to enhance corporate value over the medium to long term. This has been done to meet sustainability-related needs of the environment, society and Nissan’s customers. The board has identified critical issues requiring priority attention, and has asked management to think about whether Nissan can grow into a truly sustainable company. The Arc is designed to enable the company to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050, as set out in its long-term vision, Nissan Ambition 2030. As the plan’s building blocks, we have launched two programs: Nissan Green Program 2030 and Nissan Social Program 2030. Together, they are expected to help solve issues ensuing from environmental and societal changes. Nissan is ready to accelerate its efforts to prioritize sustainability in all aspects of its business, including in the provision of products, technologies, and services, as well as throughout the entire life cycle of its products. Our request is for management to continue proactively communicating about its initiatives and efforts, so that society and our stakeholders are both aware of and understand them. At the same time, the board will closely monitor the progress of Nissan toward its goals, and contribute to a more sustainable future. Corporate Governance Independent Outside Director, Chair of the Board of Directors Message Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents Structure Executive compensation List of directors Role of the Board of Directors and the Committee From Nissan NEXT to The Arc and beyond Advanced governance characterizes board’s independent outside directors Targeting sustainable growth with society and stakeholders Diverse board key to transparency and fairness Independent Outside Director, Chair of the Board of Directors Message Yasushi Kimura Independent Outside Director, Chair of the Board of Directors Integrated Report 2024 37

[PAGE 39]
Board of Directors Committee Separation of management function and supervisory function Increased independence of Board of Directors Transparency of dicision-making process Speedy and flexible business execution 1 2 3 4 System after transition ・Majority of each committee is independent ・Each committee’s chair is independent Board of Directors Nomination Committee Compensation Committee Audit Committee Executive officers and corporate officers with more delegated authorities, focusing on business execution and operation Clear separation System before transition Supervision Execution Supervision Execution ・Majority is non-independent Corporate officers with limited delegation of authority ・Chair is non-independent ・Majority is independent ・Chair is independent Board of Directors Board of Statutory Auditors Unclear separation; Board acts on both sides Our corporate structure ensures: Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents Independent Outside Director, Chair of the Board of Directors Message Structure Executive compensation List of directors Role of the Board of Directors and the Committee Polices and approach ■ Structure To remain a sustainable company, it is essential that we have a governance system with high ethical standards, transparency, and a strong foundation. Nissan transitioned to a “company with three statutory committees” in June 2019 as its governance system, which clearly separates execution and supervision and led by independent outside directors. It ensures transparency in decision-making, prompt and flexible business execution. ■ Ensuring independency in composition of the board and committees The Board of Directors and committees appoint Independent Outside Directors for the majority of their members and for their chair, and the Compensation Committee appoints Independent Outside Directors for all of its members and for its chair. ■ Governance enhancement efforts Under the Audit Committee, Nissan established a global, independent, internal audit function. This committee is the only reporting line, for the internal audit and internal control and if necessary, its instructions to the internal audit and internal control divisions take precedence over those of executive officers, including the CEO. By establishing appropriate relationships and working together, the internal audit division, the Audit Committee, and the independent auditor strive to more proactively apply external perspectives and improve the transparency and effectiveness of internal controls. More transparency, effective internal controls To ensure a high degree of independence, the Board of Directors has devised standards for independent directors. The standards were formulated based on the model used in Board of Directors regulations for the appointment of independent directors that have been prepared by the Japan Association of Corporate Directors and reflect international trends. Director Independence Standards Independent Outside Directors periodically hold meetings comprised only of Independent Outside Directors to discuss a wide range of matters related to Nissan’s corporate governance and business. Details of the discussions are reported or notified to the Board of Directors as necessary to improve the quality of the Board through active discussions. Independent Outside Directors Conference According to Nissan’s corporate purpose̶Driving innovation to enrich people’s lives̶improving corporate governance is one of our highest priority management tasks. This must be achieved if we are to be seen as a trustworthy company, that provides unique and innovative automotive products and services of superior, measurable value to all stakeholders. In addition to addressing risks and opportunities associated with climate change, we are developing our business to reflect society’s expectations and our social responsibilities. In other words, we are contributing to the development of a sustainable society through the sustainable growth of our business. Our company has three statutory committees with separate supervision, oversight, and auditing functions. This allows us to improve the transparency of decision-making, while business operations are swift and agile. The supervision, oversight, and auditing functions of the Board of Directors and other committees ensure the effectiveness of our structure related to internal controls, compliance, and risk management. Officers and employees, including Executive Officers, will sincerely respond to the supervision, oversight, and auditing contemplated hereby. Chair Non- Japanese Non- Japanese Woman Woman Woman Non- Japanese Non- Japanese Non- Japanese Independent non-independent Independent 8 4 Non-inde- pendent Nomination Committee 4 out of 5 members are independent outside directors Audit Committee 4 out of 5 members are independent outside directors Compensation Committee All 5 members are independent outside directors Non- Japanese Chair Woman Non- Japanese Chair Non- Japanese Woman Non- Japanese Non- Japanese Chair Woman Non- Japanese Woman Non- Japanese Ratio of Outside Directors 66% Ratio of women 25% Ratio of non-Japanese 41.7% Integrated Report 2024 38

[PAGE 40]
Role of the Board and Committees The Board of Directors, on the premise that it delegates most of its authority to make decisions on business operation to executive officers, shall elect an outside director that has independency for the majority of its members and for its chair and focus on supervising the status of execution of duties by the executive officers Board of Directors Proposals that this committee discusses include: those for the appointment and dismissal of directors to be submitted to the General Shareholders Meeting; those for the appointment and dismissal of representative executive officers to be proposed to the Board; as well as CEO succession plans. Nomination Committee The deliberations of this committee include policies and compensation for directors and executive officers. Compensation Committee The committee monitors and supervises business execution by executive officers, and the effectiveness of the Board’s supervisory function. Audit Committee Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents Independent Outside Director, Chair of the Board of Directors Message Structure Executive compensation List of directors Role of the Board of Directors and the Committee ■ Fiscal 2023 Board of Directors activities Based on the laws and the Regulations of the Board of Directors, the Board of Directors makes decisions on important matters related to the Company’s group management such as the draft agenda of general meeting of shareholders, members of each committee, quarterly and full year financial results, Mid-to Long term plans and annual business plans. Agenda items submitted to the Board of Directors meeting for decision or report during this fiscal year are as follows. (Among the Board’s main fiscal 2023 reports is a report regarding the recommendation by the Japan Fair Trade Commission based on the Subcontractor Act.) ● Regular reports on the business execution status ● Resolution of business plan: The Arc ● Resolution of conclusion of New Alliance Agreement with Renault Group ● Resolution of acquisition of own shares from Renault Group and cancellation of the acquired shares ● Resolution of violation of the Subcontract Act following recommendation from the Fair Trade Commission and report on internal investigation results ● IR report ● Reports on Nissan Green Program 2030 (NGP2030) and Nissan Social Program (NSP2030). ● Regular reports on activities related to internal control and risk management ● Resolution of the Corporate Governance report ■ Role of the Board of Directors and Committees The Board of Directors, led by the Independent Outside Directors, decides the basic direction of management by taking a variety of perspectives into account and plays the role of supervising the Executive Directors. ■ The Board of Directors Effectiveness Evaluation The Company is conducting the “Board of Directors Effectiveness Evaluation” once a year to continuously enhance the effectiveness of the board and its management environment. Also, an evaluation by a third-party institution is conducted once every three years in accordance with the Company’s corporate governance guidelines (Last time conducted in 2022). For the activities of the Board of Directors in FY2023, an evaluation based on a questionnaire from all directors was conducted in February 2024, and based on the results, an interview was conducted with each director by an external corporate governance expert in March 2024, with the aim of deepening opinions. Based on these results, the evaluation for FY2023 and the content of initiatives for FY2024 were decided at the Board of Directors meeting held in May 2024. Measures based on previous evaluation results ● Further strengthening the relationship between Directors and the execution side ● Further enhancement of deliberations at the Board of Directors meetings ● Provide materials that contribute to appropriate decision-making ● The composition of each committee Evaluation results It was confirmed that the Effectiveness of the Board of Directors has been largely secured as a result of the steady improvement from the previous fiscal year. ● As independent directors constitute the majority of the Board of Directors, and the diversity of the board structure is ensured ● Mutual understanding and recognition of roles among directors have advanced, and a relationship of trust has been fostered ● Quality improvement of the board operation including the improvement in provision of materials, were evaluated Future measures ● Continue further promoting mutual understanding of “ideal image in supervision” in a company with three statutory committees ● In addition, from the perspective of legal compliance, such as the antitrust law and insider trading regulations, which have become increasingly important since the rebalance of capital relationship with Renault, to organize and establish management standards for the discussions of the Board of Directors ● The composition in each committee will be reviewed for necessary revisions in the future ● The Board of Directors will draw up a roadmap for discussions on specific strategies that are components of the new mid.-term management plan “The Arc,” to monitor the progress by executives Evaluation methods Questions for directors Individual interviews with directors. 2 1 The appointment and dismissal of the Company’s Representative Executive Officers shall be decided by the Board of Directors based on the deliberations and proposals of the Nomination Committee in order to establish an optimal business execution structure to achieve business growth and enhance corporate value. With regard to succession planning for the President and CEO, while benchmarking other companies, the Nomination Committee takes the lead in deliberations on the required leadership profile in light of the rapidly changing business environment, and in strong collaboration with the execution side, identifies appropriate talent with potential and conducts regular monitoring based on their development plans. Through this process, the Company is developing the next generation of leaders who can take charge of the Company’s future. It is our basic policy that the President and CEO should be a person who has extensive knowledge and experience in both management as well as leadership to drive the growth of Nissan’s business globally, and who we believe is best suited to continuously improve the competitiveness and corporate value of the Company. Appointment and removal of the Representative Executive Officer and succession planning for the President and CEO https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/GOVERNANCE/ASSETS/PDF/Standards_EN.pdf * Click here for more information on requirements for independent outside directors. Please see the Corporate Governance Report for details regarding The Board of Directors Effectiveness Evaluation. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/GOVERNANCE/ASSETS/PDF/g_report.pdf Integrated Report 2024 39

[PAGE 41]
Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents Independent Outside Director, Chair of the Board of Directors Message Structure Executive compensation List of directors Role of the Board of Directors and the Committee Representative executive officer, CEO Other executive officers ■ Executive compensation: policies and approach Executive compensation must motivate directors and executive officers to maximize value for stakeholders, including customers, shareholders, local communities in which Nissan operates, and employees. Decisions are based on six factors: Governance and oversight responsibility; fairness and transparency; value-creation and accountability; competitiveness; operational effectiveness; as well as innovation and adoptability. Six principles of the executive compensation The Company seeks to further improve its corporate governance, compliance, and corporate ethics. In that regard, the Company will appropriately monitor the compensation program to ensure it is both efficient and in line with the policy. Governance and Oversight Responsibility The compensation program shall be structured and applied in a fair and consistent manner, regardless of race, gender, nationality or other attributions. The performance evaluation system and compensation program shall be open, transparent and designed to treat individuals fairly. Fairness and Transparency The compensation program shall foster performance and actions that create long-term value for the stakeholders, such as our customers, shareholders, the local communities in which the Company operates, and our employees. Value-Creation and Accountability Compensation will be competitive as compared to that offered by other automotive companies and large global companies with which the Company competes for securing talented personnel. Competitiveness The compensation program must be a functioning system that is efficiently administered, easy for executives to understand, cost efficient, and capable of being implemented globally. Operational Effectiveness The Company operates its business globally in an environment where technologies and people’s lifestyles are changing dramatically. To that end, the Company adopts a global mindset to continuously adapt its compensation program to the diversity of the talent market and business environment. Innovation and Adaptability ■ Executive compensation structure When determining compensation levels, we refer to compensation benchmarks that reference global companies of similar business size and business complexity to the Company including major automotive companies with which we compete. The variable compensation for executive officers consists of an annual bonus reflecting annual performance, and long-term incentives designed to motivate executives to enhance shareholder value and increase sustainable growth and profitability. Long-term incentives comprise restricted stock units (40%) that are not performance-linked compensation, and performance-based cash incentives (60%) paid only if targets are met. As performance-linked compensation is evaluated based on performance indicators over multiple years, the variable compensation program is designed to motivate management to achieve short- as well as medium- to long-term performance goals and to enhance shareholder value. Annual bonus* Performance-based cash incentive* Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) Basic compensation * This ratio is calculated based on the FY2023 theoretical variable compensation assuming a total achievement rate is 100%. Composition ratio of compensation for executive officers 20% 40% 60% 80% 26.7% 31.3~33.3% 26.7~31.3% 22.5~24.0% 15.0~16.0% 26.7% 28.0% 18.6% 0% 100% Performance-based compensation * Fiscal 2022 targets are set based on consolidated figures proportional to the China joint venture. Annual bonus and performance-based cash incentive payment rate model Performance indicators and weight Annual bonus = × × ■ 2023 executive officer performance-linked compensation The fiscal 2023 annual bonus corresponds to efforts focused on addressing key priorities in the final fiscal year of Nissan NEXT. Performance-based cash incentives correspond to enhancement of Nissan’s medium- to long-term corporate and social value. Since 2021, as part of our strategy to become a sustainable company, performance-based cash incentives include performance indicators related to carbon neutrality and respect for human rights. Both have a major impact on our business and, thus, are of great interest to stakeholders. Performance-based cash incentives Performance indicators (Corporate objectives) Operating profit Operating profit margin Free cash flow in automotive business* Quality Corporate culture 20% 20% 40% 10% 10% Payment amount to be paid to executive officer Annual basic compensation Eligible percentage set for each position Total achievement rate for performance indicators https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/IR/FINANCIAL_RESULTS/ASSETS/FR/2023/PDF/fr2023.pdf Please see the Nissan Securities Report for details regarding executive and other compensation. Financial value indicators Social value indicators Operating profit margin Free cash flow in automotive business* Net revenue 30% 30% 30% 5% 5% External evaluation on carbon neutrality (environment) External evaluation on respect for human rights (social) Integrated Report 2024 40

[TABLE] Perfor | mance-based comp | ensation
[TABLE] 26.7% | 26. | 7% | 28.0% | 18.6%
[TABLE] 31.3〜33. | 3% | 26.7〜31.3% | 22.5〜24.0% | 15.0〜16.0%

[PAGE 42]
Contents Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents Independent Outside Director, Chair of the Board of Directors Message Structure Executive compensation List of directors Role of the Board of Directors and the Committee Independent Outside Director, Chair of the Board of Directors Director, Vice-Chair of the Board of Directors Independent Outside Director Independent Outside Director, Lead Independent Outside Director Independent Outside Director, Chair of Compensation Committee Independent Outside Director, Chair of Audit Committee Director, Representative Executive Officer, President and CEO Independent Outside Director, Chair of Nomination Committee Independent Outside Director Director, Executive Officer, Executive Vice President Independent Outside Director Director Nomination Committee Nomination Committee Audit Committee Nomination Committee Compensation Committee Nomination Committee Compensation Committee Audit Committee Compensation Committee Audit Committee Nomination Committee Compensation Committee Audit Committee Compensation Committee Audit Committee Skills Matrix Attendance in FY2023 (Attendance/Number of times held) Global Management Board of Directors Nomination Committee Compensation Committee Audit Committee ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● Automobile Industry ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● Corporate Strategy ● ● ● ● ● ● Legal / Risk Management Finance / Accounting ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ESG ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● ● Products / Technology ● ● ● ● ● ● ● Sales / Marketing ● ● ● ● ● ● Digital Transforma- tions ● ● ● ● ● Name Yasushi Kimura Jean-Dominique Senard Bernard Delmas Keiko Ihara Motoo Nagai Andrew House Brenda Harvey Teruo Asada Mariko Tokuno Pierre Fleuriot Makoto Uchida Hideyuki Sakamoto Term of office 5 years 5 years 5 years 5 years 1 years New New 6 years 5 years 2 months 4 years 4 months 4 years 4 months 4 years 4 months 19/19 (100%) 11/11 (100%) - 12/12 (100%) 17/19* (89%) 11/11 (100%) - - 19/19 (100%) - 15/15 (100%) 8/8 (100%) 19/19 (100%) 11/11 (100%) 15/15 (100%) - 19/19 (100%) 11/11 (100%) 15/15 (100%) 12/12 (100%) 18/19 (95%) 11/11 (100%) 8/9 (89%) - 13/13 (100%) - - 8/8 (100%) - - - - - - - - 17/19* (89%) - - 12/12 (100%) 19/19 (100%) - - - 19/19 (100%) - - - Position Committee The Board of Directors skills matrix is as follows. Having revised priority skill items for future business growth, “Government” was removed from the director skills matrix items, while “Corporate Strategy” was added as a new item, effective April 2024. ■ List of directors / skills matrix (as of July 1, 2024) * Mr. Jean-Dominique Senard and Mr. Pierre Fleuriot did not attend two Board of Directors meeting at which matters relating to Renault were deliberated, in accordance with a policy for resolution of conflict of interest, taking into account their concurrent positions in Renault. Integrated Report 2024 41

[TABLE] Name | Position | Committee | Term of
office | (Atte | Attendance
ndance/Num | in FY2023
ber of times | held) | Skills Matri | x
[TABLE] Board of
Directors | Nomination
Committee | Compensation
Committee | Audit
Committee | Global
Management | Corporate
Strategy | Automobile
Industry | Legal / Risk
Management | Finance /
Accounting | ESG | Products /
Technology | Sales /
Marketing | Digital
Transforma-
tions
[TABLE] Independent Outside Director,
Chair of the Board of Directors | Nomination Committee | 5 years | 19/19
(100%) | 11/11
(100%) | - | 12/12
(100%) | ● | ● | ● | ● | ● | ●
[TABLE] Director,
Vice-Chair of the Board of Directors | Nomination Committee | 5 years
2 months | 17/19*
(89%) | 11/11
(100%) | - | - | ● | ● | ● | ● | ● | ●
[TABLE] Independent Outside Director,
Lead Independent Outside Director | Compensation Committee
Audit Committee | 5 years | 19/19
(100%) | - | 15/15
(100%) | 8/8
(100%) | ● | ● | ● | ● | ● | ●
[TABLE] Independent Outside Director,
Chair of Compensation Committee | Nomination Committee
Compensation Committee | 6 years | 19/19
(100%) | 11/11
(100%) | 15/15
(100%) | - | ● | ● | ● | ● | ● | ● | ●
[TABLE] Independent Outside Director,
Chair of Audit Committee | Nomination Committee
Compensation Committee
Audit Committee | 5 years | 19/19
(100%) | 11/11
(100%) | 15/15
(100%) | 12/12
(100%) | ● | ● | ● | ● | ● | ●
[TABLE] Independent Outside Director,
Chair of Nomination Committee | Nomination Committee
Compensation Committee | 5 years | 18/19
(95%) | 11/11
(100%) | 8/9
(89%) | - | ● | ● | ● | ● | ● | ● | ●
[TABLE] Independent Outside Director | Audit Committee | 1 years | 13/13
(100%) | - | - | 8/8
(100%) | ● | ● | ● | ● | ● | ●
[TABLE] Independent Outside Director | Audit Committee | New | - | - | - | - | ● | ● | ● | ● | ●
[TABLE] Independent Outside Director | Compensation Committee | New | - | - | - | - | ● | ● | ● | ● | ● | ●
[TABLE] Director | Audit Committee | 4 years
4 months | 17/19*
(89%) | - | - | 12/12
(100%) | ● | ● | ● | ● | ●
[TABLE] Director,
Representative Executive Officer,
President and CEO | 4 years
4 months | 19/19
(100%) | - | - | - | ● | ● | ● | ● | ● | ● | ● | ●
[TABLE] Director,
Executive Officer,
Executive Vice President | 4 years
4 months | 19/19
(100%) | - | - | - | ● | ● | ● | ● | ● | ● | ●

[PAGE 43]
12,189,519 11,381,102 964,874 -156,457 2,392,521 793,278 540,014 232,111 21,153 6.5 523,841 927,013 -1,229,280 530,606 531,889 4.4 479,023 401,857 17,373,643 4,721,265 27.2 11.0 125.00 1,132.61 42.00 5,203 5,423 4,169 120.20 132.60 11,375,207 10,699,631 811,330 -135,754 2,133,866 589,561 374,847 195,497 19,217 5.2 457,574 692,747 -1,022,025 245,896 506,147 4.4 463,149 373,283 17,045,659 4,834,416 28.4 10.0 109.15 1,152.83 33.00 5,061 5,318 4,169 109.80 138.70 10,482,520 9,896,564 683,852 -97,896 1,846,457 498,365 317,762 164,706 15,897 4.8 389,034 728,123 -1,080,416 396,925 500,595 4.8 536,316 347,071 14,703,403 4,338,654 29.5 9.6 92.82 1,035.06 30.00 5,082 5,188 4,058 100.20 134.20 11,720,041 10,905,237 983,231 -168,427 2,297,490 742,228 534,749 183,883 23,596 6.3 663,499 1,335,473 -1,377,626 320,610 490,354 4.2 469,276 380,836 18,421,008 4,861,847 26.4 13.8 165.94 1,242.90 48.00 5,654 5,626 4,409 108.30 118.70 11,951,169 11,027,863 1,149,317 -226,011 2,137,168 574,760 335,574 215,338 23,848 4.8 746,892 1,071,250 -1,147,719 36,810 495,824 4.1 485,359 384,159 18,746,901 5,397,712 28.7 14.6 190.96 1,380.36 53.00 5,672 5,770 4,329 110.90 129.70 11,574,247 10,584,080 1,197,629 -207,462 1,903,845 318,224 65,997 227,993 24,234 2.7 319,138 1,450,888 -1,133,547 -127,140 523,133 4.5 509,913 377,785 18,952,345 5,302,675 28.0 6.0 81.59 1,355.18 57.00 5,362 5,516 3,974 110.92 128.44 9,878,866 8,915,910 1,163,277 -200,321 1,435,961 -40,469 -264,182 210,530 13,183 -0.4 -671,216 1,185,854 -708,687 -155,494 544,769 5.5 509,249 372,906 16,976,709 4,064,289 23.9 -14.3 -171.54 1,038.95 10.00 4,757 4,930 3,350 108.70 120.81 7,862,572 6,989,028 1,020,024 -146,480 1,050,825 -150,651 -437,021 267,880 18,490 -1.9 -448,697 1,322,789 -369,121 -639,692 503,486 6.4 405,418 270,332 16,452,068 3,944,593 24.0 -11.2 -114.67 1,007.80 0.00 3,634 4,052 2,471 106.10 123.76 8,424,585 7,475,648 1,031,729 -82,792 1,354,054 247,307 -155,059 374,824 27,542 2.9 215,533 847,187 -146,835 -1,092,645 484,065 5.7 344,982 289,381 16,371,481 4,580,601 28.0 5.1 55.07 1,170.17 5.00 3,404 3,876 2,294 112.39 130.55 10,596,695 9,686,842 1,023,825 -113,972 1,713,849 377,109 42,952 311,908 22,249 3.6 221,900 1,221,051 -447,041 -670,607 522,221 4.9 350,797 316,791 17,598,581 5,134,649 29.2 4.6 56.67 1,310.74 10.00 3,381 3,305 2,451 135.50 140.99 12,685,716 11,782,516 1,161,778 -258,578 2,066,914 568,718 221,574 308,718 38,426 4.5 426,649 960,899 -812,664 -131,551 609,927 4.8 486,117 351,396 19,855,151 5,981,647 30.1 7.7 110.47 1,599.28 20.00 3,430 3,442 2,786 144.59 156.75 For the year Total (in millions of yen) Auto (in millions of yen) Sales finance (in millions of yen) Elimination (in millions of yen) Gross profit (in millions of yen) Operating profit / loss (in millions of yen) Auto (in millions of yen) Sales finance (in millions of yen) Elimination (in millions of yen) Operating profit margin (%) Net income / loss*1 (in millions of yen) Cash Flow Cash flows from Operating activities (in millions of yen) Cash flows from Investing activities (in millions of yen) Cash flows from Financing activities (in millions of yen) Research & Development costs (in millions of yen) Research & Development Ratio (%) Capital expenditure*2 (in millions of yen) Depreciation*2 (in millions of yen) At year-end Total Assets (in millions of yen) Shareholder’s equity*3 (in millions of yen) Shareholder’s equity ratio (%) Return On Equity (%) Per share data Basic earnings per share (EPS) (Yen) Net assets per share (BPS) (Yen) Annual cash dividend per share (Yen) Volume Global Production Volume*4 (K units) Global Retail Sales Volume*4 (K units) Consolidated Sales Volume*5 (K units) Exchange rate USD/JPY EUR/JPY 11-Year Financial Summary *1 Net income/loss attributable to owners of the parent *2 Including finance leases related amount *3 Net assets excluding share subscription rights and non-controlling interests *4 Global Retail and Production volume of China and Taiwan are results for the Jan - Dec period *5 Consolidated wholesale volume is based on financial statements FY2023 FY2015 FY2014 FY2018 FY2016 FY2017 FY2019 FY2020 FY2021 FY2022 FY2013 11-Year Financial Summary Company Profile Contents Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents Integrated Report 2024 42

[TABLE] FY2013 | FY2014 | FY2015 | FY2016 | FY2017 | FY2018 | FY2019 | FY2020 | FY2021 | FY2022
[TABLE] FY2023
[TABLE] 12,685,716
11,782,516
1,161,778
-258,578
2,066,914
568,718
221,574
308,718
38,426
4.5
426,649
960,899
-812,664
-131,551
609,927
4.8
486,117
351,396
19,855,151
5,981,647
30.1
7.7
110.47
1,599.28
20.00
3,430
3,442
2,786
144.59
156.75
[TABLE] 10,482,520
9,896,564
683,852
-97,896
1,846,457
498,365
317,762
164,706
15,897
4.8
389,034
728,123
-1,080,416
396,925
500,595
4.8
536,316
347,071 | 11,375,207
10,699,631
811,330
-135,754
2,133,866
589,561
374,847
195,497
19,217
5.2
457,574
692,747
-1,022,025
245,896
506,147
4.4
463,149
373,283 | 12,189,519
11,381,102
964,874
-156,457
2,392,521
793,278
540,014
232,111
21,153
6.5
523,841
927,013
-1,229,280
530,606
531,889
4.4
479,023
401,857 | 11,720,041
10,905,237
983,231
-168,427
2,297,490
742,228
534,749
183,883
23,596
6.3
663,499
1,335,473
-1,377,626
320,610
490,354
4.2
469,276
380,836 | 11,951,169
11,027,863
1,149,317
-226,011
2,137,168
574,760
335,574
215,338
23,848
4.8
746,892
1,071,250
-1,147,719
36,810
495,824
4.1
485,359
384,159 | 11,574,247
10,584,080
1,197,629
-207,462
1,903,845
318,224
65,997
227,993
24,234
2.7
319,138
1,450,888
-1,133,547
-127,140
523,133
4.5
509,913
377,785 | 9,878,866
8,915,910
1,163,277
-200,321
1,435,961
-40,469
-264,182
210,530
13,183
-0.4
-671,216
1,185,854
-708,687
-155,494
544,769
5.5
509,249
372,906 | 7,862,572
6,989,028
1,020,024
-146,480
1,050,825
-150,651
-437,021
267,880
18,490
-1.9
-448,697
1,322,789
-369,121
-639,692
503,486
6.4
405,418
270,332 | 8,424,585
7,475,648
1,031,729
-82,792
1,354,054
247,307
-155,059
374,824
27,542
2.9
215,533
847,187
-146,835
-1,092,645
484,065
5.7
344,982
289,381 | 10,596,695
9,686,842
1,023,825
-113,972
1,713,849
377,109
42,952
311,908
22,249
3.6
221,900
1,221,051
-447,041
-670,607
522,221
4.9
350,797
316,791
[TABLE] 14,703,403
4,338,654
29.5
9.6 | 17,045,659
4,834,416
28.4
10.0 | 17,373,643
4,721,265
27.2
11.0 | 18,421,008
4,861,847
26.4
13.8 | 18,746,901
5,397,712
28.7
14.6 | 18,952,345
5,302,675
28.0
6.0 | 16,976,709
4,064,289
23.9
-14.3 | 16,452,068
3,944,593
24.0
-11.2 | 16,371,481
4,580,601
28.0
5.1 | 17,598,581
5,134,649
29.2
4.6
[TABLE] 92.82
1,035.06
30.00 | 109.15
1,152.83
33.00 | 125.00
1,132.61
42.00 | 165.94
1,242.90
48.00 | 190.96
1,380.36
53.00 | 81.59
1,355.18
57.00 | -171.54
1,038.95
10.00 | -114.67
1,007.80
0.00 | 55.07
1,170.17
5.00 | 56.67
1,310.74
10.00
[TABLE] 5,082
5,188
4,058 | 5,061
5,318
4,169 | 5,203
5,423
4,169 | 5,654
5,626
4,409 | 5,672
5,770
4,329 | 5,362
5,516
3,974 | 4,757
4,930
3,350 | 3,634
4,052
2,471 | 3,404
3,876
2,294 | 3,381
3,305
2,451
[TABLE] 100.20
134.20 | 109.80
138.70 | 120.20
132.60 | 108.30
118.70 | 110.90
129.70 | 110.92
128.44 | 108.70
120.81 | 106.10
123.76 | 112.39
130.55 | 135.50
140.99

[PAGE 44]
Company Profile ■ Stock Information (As of March 31, 2024) Tokyo Stock Exchange 7201 (Japan) NSANY (ADR) 100 Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited (JP Morgan Chase Bank) 4,009,715,112 579,126 March 31 June March 31, September 30 Shareholdings Structure Ownership ratio Foreigner 61.8% Treasury stock 0.1% Security companies 2.1% Other companies 2.0% Financial institution 14.6% Individual 19.4% ■ Company Profile (As of March 31, 2024) Company Name Business Outline Date of Establishment Paid-in Capital Representative Registered Head Office Headquarters Number of Employees Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. Manufacturing, sales and related business of automotive products. December 26, 1933 605,813 million yen Representative executive officer, president and CEO Makoto Uchida 2, Takara-cho, Kanagawa-ku, Yokohama, Kanagawa, 220-8623, Japan 1-1, Takashima 1-chome, Nishi-ku, Yokohama, Kanagawa, 220-8686, Japan 24,034 (non-consolidated basis) 133,580 (consolidated basis) Stock Listings Securities Code Number of Shares per unit Transfer Agent and Registrar for Common Stock ■ Shareholdings Structure (As of March 31, 2024) NATIXIS SA AS TRUSTEE FOR FIDUCIE NEWTON 701910 987,730 Renault S.A. 633,107 The Master Trust Bank of Japan (Shintaku-guchi) 375,419 JP Morgan Chase Bank 380856 126,313 Custody Bank of Japan (Shintaku-guchi) 113,139 State Street Bank West Client - Treaty 505234 46,462 Nippon Life Insurance 37,820 Moxley and Company 33,109 BNYMSANV AS AGENT / CLIENTS LUX UCITS NON TREATY 1 25,869 THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON 140044 24,520 Principal Shareholders Name Number of Shares (thousands) Note 1 : In addition to the above, Nissan holds 21,932 thousand shares as treasury stock. Note 2 : Due to Renault S.A.’s decision to sell a portion of the shares transferred to Natixis S.A., Nissan acquired 100,243 thousand shares of the Company’s stock from Natixis S.A. on March 28, 2024, and cancelled all acquired shares on April 3, 2024. (Depository and Transfer Agent for ADR) Total number of shares to be issued Number of shareholders Fiscal Year End General Shareholders Meeting Record Dates for Dividend Contents Overview CEO Message Sustainability Business Strategy Corporate Governance Corporate Data Contents 11-Year Financial Summary Company Profile Integrated Report 2024 43

[TABLE] Name | Number of Shares
(thousands)
[TABLE] NATIXIS SA AS TRUSTEE FOR FIDUCIE NEWTON 701910
Renault S.A.
The Master Trust Bank of Japan (Shintaku-guchi)
JP Morgan Chase Bank 380856
Custody Bank of Japan (Shintaku-guchi)
State Street Bank West Client - Treaty 505234
Nippon Life Insurance
Moxley and Company
BNYMSANV AS AGENT / CLIENTS LUX UCITS NON TREATY 1
THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON 140044 | 987,730
633,107
375,419
126,313
113,139
46,462
37,820
33,109
25,869
24,520