[PAGE 2]
Nissan publishes a sustainability data book to share information on our sustainability strategies and management to help stakeholders gain a better understanding of the social responsibilities we must fulfill and the social value we aim to provide. It also gives an overviews of Nissan Green Program 2030 (NGP2030) ̶ our fifth medium- term environmental action plan for 2030, and Nissan Social Program 2030 (NSP2030) ̶ the first program designed to comprehensively promote social initiatives ̶ and share the achievements of our fiscal 2023 activities. For further long-term visions and strategies, please refer to our integrated report. Positioning of reports Short-term Long-term Timeframe Information Results Vision ・ Strategy Sustainability data book Securities report Business report Corporate governance report Integrated report Scope Period covered: The report covers fiscal 2023 (April 2023 to March 2024); content that describes efforts outside this period is indicated in the respective sections. Organization: Nissan Motor Co., Ltd., subsidiaries and affiliated companies in the Nissan Group. Referenced reporting guidelines Nissan has prepared this report in accordance with the GRI Standards for the period April 1, 2023 through March 31, 2024. Publication of GRI content index Please visit the following website for the GRI content index. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/LIBRARY/SR/2024/GRI/ ・ Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations ・ Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) standards Date of previous report ESG data book 2023, issued July 31, 2023. Reporting cycle Annually since 2004 Third-Party assurance For more information on the third-party assurance. >>> P061 Forward-looking statements This sustainability data book contains forward-looking statements on Nissan’s future plans and targets and related operating investment, product planning and production targets. There can be no assurance that these targets and plans will be achieved. Achieving them will depend on many factors, including not only Nissan’s activities and development but also the dynamics of the automobile industry worldwide, the global economy and changes in the global environment. For further information Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. Sustainability Development Department Email: NISSAN_SR@mail.nissan.co.jp Sustainability data book 2024 Publication date: July 31, 2024 Our related websites ・Our company ・Sustainability ・Innovation ・Investors ・Brand Editorial policy Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Contents Data Governance Sustainability data book 2024 001

[TABLE] Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Governance | Data | 001
[TABLE] Contents

[PAGE 3]
Corporate direction CSO message ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 003 Sustainability at Nissan ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 004 Environmental Environmental principles and policies ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 015 Understanding of environmental issues ・・・・・・・・・・・・ 016 Strategic approach to environmental issues ・・・・・・・ 017 Global environmental management framework and governance system ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 021 Nissan Green Program ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 024 Value chain activity achievements ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 034 Products ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 035 Corporate activities ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 044 Collaborations with relevant partners ・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 059 Third-party assurance ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 061 Social Approach to social issues ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 064 Human rights ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 065 Focus areas in Nissan Social Program 2030 Safety ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 071 Quality・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 074 Intellectual property ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 080 Responsible sourcing ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 083 Communities ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 088 Power of employees ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 092 Employee human rights ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 093 Diversity, equity and inclusion ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 097 Learning and development ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 109 Health and safety ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 113 Governance Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 119 Approach to governance ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 120 Corporate governance ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 121 Risk management ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 131 Privacy and data security ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 133 Compliance ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 134 Data ESG data Corporate overview ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 141 Environmental data ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 143 Social data ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 159 Governance data ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 163 Contents Viewing this report This sustainability data book is an interactive PDF. You can easily access the information by clicking on the navigation tabs and buttons. Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Contents Data Governance Sustainability data book 2024 002 Corporate direction Environmental Social Contents Data Governance Category tabs Navigation buttons Link buttons Click the tabs to jump to the top page of each category. Jump to linked page P000 Jump to information on the web URL Go back one page Go forward one page Return to previous view

[TABLE] Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Governance | Data | 002
[TABLE] Contents
[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Governance | Data

[PAGE 4]
CSO message At Nissan, sustainability is core to our business. This ensures that we consider the sustainability implications in every part of our strategic journey towards our long-term vision, Nissan Ambition 2030. Our sustainability commitments were reinforced in March 2024 when Nissan announced The Arc business plan, which is the bridge to our long-term vision. Through the Arc plan, Nissan will accelerate the electric vehicle (EV) transition, prioritize reducing CO2 emissions, innovative technologies, leaner manufacturing systems, smart partnerships and market growth that will contribute to a more sustainable future and our ultimate goal of carbon neutrality. Our recently refreshed Nissan Green Program (NGP2030) and our newly launched Nissan Social Program (NSP2030) support the plan as its foundation. Nissan first introduced its Nissan Green Program in 2002 with the goal of achieving our environmental philosophy of “A symbiosis of people, vehicles, and nature”. The NGP2030̶the fifth generation of the program̶launched in 2023, seeks to reduce the impact of our most material environmental issues, such as climate change, resource dependency, air quality and water, and to maximize opportunities. To address climate change, a key priority for Nissan, we have set the goal of achieving carbon neutrality throughout the lifecycle of our products and our business activities by 2050. Within NGP2030, by 2030, we are also aligned with the 1.5°C scenario in terms of CO2 emissions from our factories and products. We aim to reduce CO2 emissions over the lifecycle of our products by 30% from the 2018 level through various initiatives, including procuring recycled and low-CO2 parts and by electrifying logistics. Nissan is also working to further enhance the value of EVs as mobile storage batteries. Through the Nissan Energy Share system, electricity from EV batteries can be shared with homes, buildings and society through Nissan’s unique energy management and interactive charging technologies. As a result, we will be able to use renewable energy more effectively and stably, thereby reducing CO2 emissions from electricity used by both Nissan and society. Nissan’s environmental initiatives are highly recognized. For five consecutive years, we have been certified as an A List company for our efforts and information disclosure in the field of water security by CDP, a globally renowned non-profit organization, and for eleven successive years, we have also been certified as a leadership company in the field of climate change. We take pride in this evaluation as a testament to the hard work and dedication of our employees in resolving environmental issues. At Nissan, we are a people-centric company that creates inclusive communities to empower our employees, suppliers, partners, and society to grow together. That is why we launched NSP2030 – our first comprehensive social program which is based on understanding, engaging, and creating value for all our stakeholders. This program will focus on critical priority areas for Nissan, which include safety, quality, responsible sourcing, employee human-rights advocation, DEI (diversity, equity and inclusion), and communities. Diversity is a source of strength and resilience for all teams across the organization, from the corporate level to the factory floor. This is why Nissan strongly promotes DEI initiatives, and we are proud to have made great strides in advancing diversity globally. We have increased the percentage of women managers across our global operations to 15.9%, creating Nissan-unique strengths ranging all the way from the product planning phase to our direct contact points with customers. Nissan is working to develop technologies that significantly reduces crashes, such as the next-generation LIDAR technology. Furthermore, we will promote traffic safety awareness among drivers and pedestrians through NSP2030. Another commitment is our continued respect for human rights, one of the five values of the Nissan Way that is the shared values that enable Nissan employees to unleash their full potential. Following internal assessments conducted last year, we are strengthening our efforts on human rights around product safety, AI, privacy, and information security. Our efforts to bolster these areas will continue to ensure they are aligned with industry best practices in a rapidly changing environment. At Nissan, our corporate purpose is “Driving innovation to enrich people’s lives” and both NGP2030 and NSP2030 play a critical role in fulfilling it. By advancing and accelerating our sustainability initiatives across Nissan globally, we aim to realize a cleaner, safer, more inclusive world, and ultimately, a more sustainable future for our valued stakeholders for generations to come. Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. Senior Vice President, Chief Sustainability Officer Joji Tagawa Nissan Motor Corporation Social Environmental Corporate direction Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 CSO message Sustainability at Nissan 003

[TABLE] Contents | Environmental | Social | Governance | Data | 003
[TABLE] Corporate direction
[TABLE] CSO message Sustainability at Nissan

[PAGE 5]
Sustainability strategy Sustainability at Nissan To fulfill its corporate purpose of “Driving innovation to enrich people’s lives,” Nissan provides unique and innovative automotive products and services that deliver superior value to all stakeholders. As it evolves as a company through its full range of global activities, Nissan seeks to create economic value and contribute to resolving issues facing society as a leading global automaker. Nissan aims to become a truly sustainable company that plays a vital role for its customers, shareholders, employees, as well as for communities, and all other stakeholders. It is committed to achieving a cleaner, safer and more inclusive world. Identification of material issues Nissan formulates sustainability strategies and promotes activities that account for stakeholder interests and the latest trends, such as technological innovation. When formulating these strategies, we identified key material issues that we need to address on a company-wide level based on an analysis of risks and opportunities. We considered both corporate activities and sustainability from the perspective of the impact of society and the environment on Nissan (financial impact), which is of great interest to investors as well as the new perspective of how Nissan impacts - and benefits - society and the environment, and in doing so demonstrate the value that Nissan creates as well as its priorities. By communicating its approach in greater detail to stakeholders, Nissan hopes to expand opportunities for collaboration in various ways and further strengthen its relationships of trust in the automotive sector as well as further afield in a bid to take its initiatives to the next level. Sustainability at Nissan Nissan Motor Corporation Social Environmental Corporate direction Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 CSO message Sustainability at Nissan 004

[TABLE] Contents | Environmental | Social | Governance | Data | 004
[TABLE] Corporate direction
[TABLE] CSO message Sustainability at Nissan

[PAGE 6]
Materiality assessment process Step 1: Clarifying societal and environmental issues We assess global agendas by regularly analyzing market-trends, identifying expectations from society through dialogue with stakeholders that include investors, and studying the United Nations Climate Change Conference of Parties (COP), Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), and risk reports published by the World Economic Forum (WEF). Step 2: Assessing material issues facing Nissan and the automobile sector as a whole We assess Nissan’s material issues by analyzing risks and opportunities from a global perspective. This perspective incorporates both efforts to achieve the Nissan Ambition 2030 long-term vision and the role of the automobile sector. Step 3: Prioritizing materiality We organize priorities based on risks and opportunities into a matrix to identify the value Nissan creates and determine how to enhance initiatives going forward. Then, we conduct an expert review to reflect feedback provided. Step 4: Reaching consensus among management and the Board of Directors We report our materiality assessment — including background information and the reasons for our selections — to executives and the Board of Directors to reach a consensus. Nissan materiality matrix Having assessed 21 material issues, the items at the top of the vertical axis indicate Nissan’s greatest value and impact on society and the environment, while those in the right-hand column on the horizontal axis indicate the greatest impact on Nissan from society and the environment. Nissan has determined the 12 most important items. Nissan will incorporate each identified into business activities to expand opportunities for collaboration and help promote robust efforts that embody our corporate purpose. • Ecosystem service and biodiversity • DEI (Diversity, equity and inclusion) • Lifecycle management • Pursue energy efficiency • Engagement with stakeholders • Preservation of water, air and soil • Wellness and occupational safety/health • Risk hedge for physical hazards • Human resource development Extremely high High Nissan’s value/impact on society and the environment High Extremely high Impact on Nissan from society and the environment *No priority in category Top 12 prioritized items • Community development • Vehicle safety • Cleaner emissions • Privacy and data security • Product quality • Supply chain management • Sustainable resource management • Governance, regulation and compliance • Inclusive mobility solutions • Human rights • Vehicle electrification • Renewable energy :Social :Environmental :Governance Nissan Motor Corporation Social Environmental Corporate direction Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 CSO message Sustainability at Nissan 005

[TABLE] Contents | Environmental | Social | Governance | Data | 005
[TABLE] Corporate direction
[TABLE] CSO message Sustainability at Nissan
[TABLE] • Community development | • Vehicle safety
• Cleaner emissions
• Privacy and data security | • Governance, regulation and compliance
• Inclusive mobility solutions
• Human rights
• Vehicle electrification
• Renewable energy
[TABLE] • Ecosystem service and biodiversity | • DEI
(Diversity, equity and inclusion)
• Lifecycle management
• Pursue energy efficiency | • Product quality
• Supply chain management
• Sustainable resource management
[TABLE] • Engagement with stakeholders
• Preservation of water, air and soil | • Wellness and occupational
safety/health
• Risk hedge for physical hazards
• Human resource development

[PAGE 7]
Materiality description and its importance Materiality Description Nissan initiatives ESG Governance, regulation and compliance Guided by corporate purpose, values and business code of conduct, we will operate with the highest level of business integrity through effective governance based on the transparent framework, comply with respective laws and regulations, and ensure we act consistently with respect and integrity towards people and society. ・ Corporate governance (P121) ・ Compliance (P134) Inclusive mobility solutions By providing advanced new mobility technologies and services (e.g., autonomous driving) to more people, we wish to realize an inclusive society where everyone has access to safe and reliable mobility. ・ Safety (P071) Human rights Foster an organization where every employee shows utmost respect to individual dignity and human rights. Nissan commits to act in accordance with internal ethical standards set by the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. ・ Human rights (P065) ・ Employee human rights (P093) Vehicle electrification By steadily increasing electrified line-up, offering advanced vehicle and battery technologies and supporting EV eco-system, we are accelerating our efforts toward carbon neutrality. ・ Value chain activity achievements-Products (P035) Renewable energy Through partnerships with various sectors and collaboration with governments and communities, we will promote the use of renewable and alternative energy sources to reduce CO2 emissions. With 4R* including Vehicle-to-everything (V2X), we continue to empower societies with safe energy management solutions. *4R : Battery reuse, refabricate, resell, recycle ・ Value chain activity achievements-Products (P035), Corporate activities (P044), Collaborations with relevant partners (P059) Vehicle safety Through advanced driver assistance technologies accessible to more customers, we wish to realize zero fatality by eliminating the number of deaths in traffic accidents involving Nissan vehicles. ・ Safety (P071) Cleaner emissions With the goal of “atmosphere-level clean emissions,” we will ensure cleaner exhaust emissions (e.g. NOx, PM, etc.) from our products and facilities. ・ Value chain activity achievements-Products (P035), Corporate activities (P044) Privacy and data security Committed to safeguarding data protection and privacy rights, protecting stakeholder personal data through appropriate security measures, and will be responsible for secure handling of data in consideration of new technologies and security risks. ・ Privacy and data security (P133) Community development Contribute to the development of communities and empower societies through disaster management support and humanitarian aid and social transformation initiatives like Blue Switch. ・ Value chain activity achievements-Products (P035) ・ Communities (P088) Product quality Provide reliable, comfortable, and user-friendly mobility by improving the design and product quality including chemical substance management and in-cabin air. ・ Value chain activity achievements-Products (P035) ・ Quality (P074) Supply chain management Aim to conduct our business activities based on our supplier CSR guidelines in an ethical, socially and environmentally responsible manner at each stage of the supply chain. ・ Value chain activity achievements-Collaborations with relevant partners (P059) ・ Responsible sourcing (P083) Sustainable resource management Avoid resource price fluctuations and procurement risk, reduce dependence on resources by establishing a vehicle manufacturing system that enables effective and sustainable use of material resources by circular economy such as repair/reuse/rebuild/recycle. ・ Value chain activity achievements-Corporate activities (P044) E: environmental S: social G: governance Nissan Motor Corporation Social Environmental Corporate direction Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 CSO message Sustainability at Nissan 006

[TABLE] Contents | Environmental | Social | Governance | Data | 006
[TABLE] Corporate direction
[TABLE] CSO message Sustainability at Nissan
[TABLE] Materiality | Description | Nissan initiatives | E | S | G
[TABLE] Governance, regulation and
compliance | Guided by corporate purpose, values and business code of conduct, we will operate with the highest level of
business integrity through effective governance based on the transparent framework, comply with respective
laws and regulations, and ensure we act consistently with respect and integrity towards people and society. | ・ Corporate governance (P121)
・ Compliance (P134)
[TABLE] Inclusive mobility solutions | By providing advanced new mobility technologies and services (e.g., autonomous driving) to more people, we
wish to realize an inclusive society where everyone has access to safe and reliable mobility. | ・ Safety (P071)
[TABLE] Human rights | Foster an organization where every employee shows utmost respect to individual dignity and human rights.
Nissan commits to act in accordance with internal ethical standards set by the United Nations Guiding
Principles on Business and Human Rights. | ・ Human rights (P065)
・ Employee human rights (P093)
[TABLE] Vehicle electrification | By steadily increasing electrified line-up, offering advanced vehicle and battery technologies and supporting
EV eco-system, we are accelerating our efforts toward carbon neutrality. | ・ Value chain activity achievements-Products (P035)
[TABLE] Renewable energy | Through partnerships with various sectors and collaboration with governments and communities, we will
promote the use of renewable and alternative energy sources to reduce CO₂ emissions. With 4R* including
Vehicle-to-everything (V2X), we continue to empower societies with safe energy management solutions.
*4R : Battery reuse, refabricate, resell, recycle | ・ Value chain activity achievements-Products (P035),
Corporate activities (P044), Collaborations with
relevant partners (P059)
[TABLE] Vehicle safety | Through advanced driver assistance technologies accessible to more customers, we wish to realize zero
fatality by eliminating the number of deaths in traffic accidents involving Nissan vehicles. | ・ Safety (P071)
[TABLE] Cleaner emissions | With the goal of “atmosphere-level clean emissions,” we will ensure cleaner exhaust emissions (e.g. NOx, PM,
etc.) from our products and facilities. | ・ Value chain activity achievements-Products (P035),
Corporate activities (P044)
[TABLE] Privacy and data security | Committed to safeguarding data protection and privacy rights, protecting stakeholder personal data through
appropriate security measures, and will be responsible for secure handling of data in consideration of new
technologies and security risks. | ・ Privacy and data security (P133)
[TABLE] Community development | Contribute to the development of communities and empower societies through disaster management support
and humanitarian aid and social transformation initiatives like Blue Switch. | ・ Value chain activity achievements-Products (P035)
・ Communities (P088)
[TABLE] Product quality | Provide reliable, comfortable, and user-friendly mobility by improving the design and product quality including
chemical substance management and in-cabin air. | ・ Value chain activity achievements-Products (P035)
・ Quality (P074)
[TABLE] Supply chain management | Aim to conduct our business activities based on our supplier CSR guidelines in an ethical, socially and
environmentally responsible manner at each stage of the supply chain. | ・ Value chain activity achievements-Collaborations with
relevant partners (P059)
・ Responsible sourcing (P083)
[TABLE] Sustainable resource management | Avoid resource price fluctuations and procurement risk, reduce dependence on resources by establishing a
vehicle manufacturing system that enables effective and sustainable use of material resources by circular
economy such as repair/reuse/rebuild/recycle. | ・ Value chain activity achievements-Corporate activities
(P044)

[PAGE 8]
Sustainability initiatives targeting 2030 In 2021, we introduced Nissan Ambition 2030, our long- term vision to realize a cleaner, safer, and more inclusive world in which all people can co-exist. We are delivering exciting vehicles and technologies that empower customer journeys. Through various collaborations we are building a smart ecosystem to empower society. In fiscal 2023, we set up the Nissan Green Program 2030 (NGP2030) and the Nissan Social Program 2030 (NSP2030). Both programs are indispensable for realizing Nissan Ambition 2030 and serve as the foundation of our business plan The Arc. <NGP2030> We formulated the NGP2005 medium-term environmental action plan in 2002 to realize Nissan’s environmental philosophy of “a symbiosis of people, vehicles, and nature.” For more than 20 years since then, we have continued to evolve the way we tackle environmental issues. The fifth generation of the program - the NGP2030 - aims to reduce environmental impacts by improving technologies and business processes. It also strives to have a positive impact on society and the environment to ensure our living society is sustainable and in harmony with nature. <NSP2030> Breaking new ground, the NSP2030 has been formulated to promote social initiatives comprehensively with a view to 2030. It aims to transform Nissan into a people-centric company that will continue to grow together with employees, suppliers, partners, and broader society. It also seeks to create value for people in the community. With both NGP2030 and NSP2030 we have established goals for 2030 as well as action plans and other objectives in each area where we are now pressing ahead with initiatives. Through these efforts, we aim to conduct sustainable business practices and help bring about a better world for the next generation. Nissan Motor Corporation Social Environmental Corporate direction Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 CSO message Sustainability at Nissan 007 Nissan Green Program 2030 Nissan Social Program 2030 Driving Innovation to Enrich People’s Lives Working toward a cleaner, safer, more inclusive world Corporate Purpose Together we empower mobility and beyond EMPOWERINGJOURNEYSEMPOWERINGSOCIETY

[TABLE] Contents | Environmental | Social | Governance | Data | 007
[TABLE] Corporate direction
[TABLE] CSO message Sustainability at Nissan

[PAGE 9]
・NGP2030 Since 2002, we have been formulating medium-term environmental action plans in the form of NGPs to realize our environmental philosophy of “a symbiosis of people, vehicles, and nature.” The objective of NGP2030 is to ensure our living society is sustainable and in harmony with nature. More specifically, we will focus on minimizing our environmental footprint and deploying environmental measures that maximize our opportunities - for example, by accelerating the 1.5°C scenario and transitioning to a circular economy. We have identified climate change, resource dependency, air quality and water to be the most significant issues, and we are also working to strengthen traceability as the foundation of our activities. In addressing climate change, we have set a goal for achieving carbon neutrality across the entire life cycle of our vehicles by 2050. By the early 2030s, our plan is for every all-new vehicle offered in key markets to be electrified, and we believe the promotion of the NGP2030 will be integral to the achievement of carbon neutrality. Moreover, we will embrace the idea of a “just transition” and aim to realize a carbon neutral society. NGP2030 NGP2030 Pillar Major 2030 Goals Related materiality issues SDGs areas where Nissan mainly adds value Climate change Reduce CO2 emissions in ・ Lifecycle (t-CO2/Vehicles): -30% (Global) (vs. 2018) ・ Product (g-CO2/km): -32.5% (Global) (vs. 2018), -50% (4Majors: Japan, U.S.A., Europe and China) ・ Manufacturing (t-CO2/Vehicles): -52% (Global) (vs. 2018) ・ Vehicle electrification ・ Renewable energy ・ Supply chain management ・ Community development ・ Sustainable resource management ・ Pursuit energy efficiency ・ Lifecycle management ・ Risk hedge of physical hazards ・ Ecosystem service and biodiversity Resource dependency Material ・ Expand sustainable material (weight basis): 40% (Japan, U.S.A., Europe and China) ・ Vehicle electrification ・ Renewable energy ・ Sustainable resource management ・ Supply chain management ・ Community development ・ Ecosystem service and biodiversity Vehicle ・ Expand energy management function: Equipped rate to EV: 100% (Japan, U.S.A. and Europe) Air quality and water Water ・ Enhance water risk management at manufacturing sites: Zero high-risk sites ・ Product quality ・ Supply chain management ・ Sustainable resource management ・ Cleaner emissions ・ Ecosystem service and biodiversity ・ Preservation of water, air, soil ・ Risk hedge of physical hazards Air quality ・ Enhance management of vehicle emission including non-tail pipe: Technology development and adoption ・ Manage VOC at manufacturing sites: Continue current activities (Paint shop) ・ Manage air quality in cabin: Comply with Nissan standard on in-cabin VOC Foundation ・ Secure responsible sourcing: Secure supply chain risk management ・ Secure and integrate value-chain information (traceability): Build and operate carbon footprint etc. management system for corporate activities and parts production, Secure supply-chain data reliability ・ Governance, regulation and compliance ・ Supply chain management ・ Engagement with stakeholders Nissan Motor Corporation Social Environmental Corporate direction Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 CSO message Sustainability at Nissan 008

[TABLE] Contents | Environmental | Social | Governance | Data | 008
[TABLE] Corporate direction
[TABLE] CSO message Sustainability at Nissan
[TABLE] Pillar | Major 2030 Goals | Related materiality issues | SDGs areas where Nissan mainly adds value
[TABLE] Climate change
Material
Resource
dependency
Vehicle
Water
Air quality
and water Air
quality
Foundation | Climate change | Reduce CO₂ emissions in
・ Lifecycle (t-CO₂/Vehicles): -30% (Global) (vs. 2018)
・ Product (g-CO₂/km): -32.5% (Global) (vs. 2018),
-50% (4Majors: Japan, U.S.A., Europe and China)
・ Manufacturing (t-CO₂/Vehicles): -52% (Global) (vs. 2018) | ・ Vehicle electrification
・ Renewable energy
・ Supply chain management
・ Community development
・ Sustainable resource management
・ Pursuit energy efficiency
・ Lifecycle management
・ Risk hedge of physical hazards
・ Ecosystem service and biodiversity
[TABLE] Resource
dependency | Material | ・ Expand sustainable material (weight basis): 40% (Japan, U.S.A., Europe and China) | ・ Vehicle electrification
・ Renewable energy
・ Sustainable resource management
・ Supply chain management
・ Community development
・ Ecosystem service and biodiversity
[TABLE] Vehicle | ・ Expand energy management function: Equipped rate to EV: 100% (Japan, U.S.A. and
Europe)
[TABLE] Air quality
and water | Water | ・ Enhance water risk management at manufacturing sites: Zero high-risk sites | ・ Product quality
・ Supply chain management
・ Sustainable resource management
・ Cleaner emissions
・ Ecosystem service and biodiversity
・ Preservation of water, air, soil
・ Risk hedge of physical hazards
[TABLE] Air
quality | ・ Enhance management of vehicle emission including non-tail pipe: Technology development
and adoption
・ Manage VOC at manufacturing sites: Continue current activities (Paint shop)
・ Manage air quality in cabin: Comply with Nissan standard on in-cabin VOC
[TABLE] ・ Secure responsible sourcing: Secure supply chain risk management
・ Secure and integrate value-chain information (traceability): Build and operate carbon
footprint etc. management system for corporate activities and parts production, Secure
supply-chain data reliability | ・ Governance, regulation and
compliance
・ Supply chain management
・ Engagement with stakeholders

[PAGE 10]
・NSP2030 Nissan aims to become a people-centric company. We promote social initiatives and seek to create value for society. Our goal is to enhance corporate value and create social value by fulfilling our responsibilities as a corporation, pursuing what makes Nissan unique, and growing together *1 Top three in each market in product and sales & service quality with society. Believing that people are the most important element in our business and its processes. In NSP2030 we have identified nine key areas - including four related to employees - and established goals for 2030. We will also continue to carry out, and strengthen initiatives concerning the human rights of our employees, our partners, suppliers and customers as well as the greater community and various other stakeholders. NSP2030 NSP2030 Focus areas 2030 goals Related materiality issues SDG areas where Nissan mainly adds value Human rights Safety Invest in new technologies, such as autonomous driving and connected car systems, to create safer, more efficient, and more personalized mobility solutions ・Vehicle safety ・Inclusive mobility solutions Quality Achieve top-level quality*1, defect aim zero and no compliance issue ・Product quality Intellectual property Contribute to solving social issues by promoting IP activities with others to foster innovation (IP ecosystem) ・Vehicle safety ・Inclusive mobility solutions ・Product quality Responsible sourcing Establish a framework to promote respecting human rights in the supply chain to aim for “No human rights violation” Supply chain management Communities Contribute to solving social issues through “Nissan-ness” as well as to empowering youth and children in communities Community development Power of employees Make Nissan a great place to work in which all employees feel empowered, supported, and can be their authentic selves, in order for them to realize their full potential Employee human rights Respect human rights to realize “People centric” Human rights Diversity, equity & inclusion Realize an inclusive and exciting Nissan that values uniqueness DEI (diversity, equity and inclusion) Learning & development Develop a highly skilled and motivated workforce Human resource development Health & safety ・Increase people who work safely, securely and in good health ・Realize a company that can work lively Wellness and occupational safety/ health Nissan Motor Corporation Social Environmental Corporate direction Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 CSO message Sustainability at Nissan 009

[TABLE] Contents | Environmental | Social | Governance | Data | 009
[TABLE] Corporate direction
[TABLE] CSO message Sustainability at Nissan
[TABLE] Focus areas | 2030 goals | Related materiality issues | SDG areas where Nissan mainly adds value
[TABLE] Human
rights | Safety | Invest in new technologies, such as autonomous driving and connected car systems, to
create safer, more efficient, and more personalized mobility solutions | ・Vehicle safety
・Inclusive mobility solutions
[TABLE] Quality | Achieve top-level quality*1, defect aim zero and no compliance issue | ・Product quality
[TABLE] Intellectual property | Contribute to solving social issues by promoting IP activities with others to foster innovation
(IP ecosystem) | ・Vehicle safety
・Inclusive mobility solutions
・Product quality
[TABLE] Responsible sourcing | Establish a framework to promote respecting human rights in the supply chain to aim for “No
human rights violation” | Supply chain management
[TABLE] Communities | Contribute to solving social issues through “Nissan-ness” as well as to empowering youth
and children in communities | Community development
[TABLE] Power of employees
Employee human rights
Diversity, equity &
inclusion
Learning &
development
Health & safety | Make Nissan a great place to work in which all employees feel empowered, supported, and can be their authentic selves, in order for them to realize their full potential
[TABLE] Employee human rights | Respect human rights to realize “People centric” | Human rights
[TABLE] Diversity, equity &
inclusion | Realize an inclusive and exciting Nissan that values uniqueness | DEI (diversity, equity and
inclusion)
[TABLE] Learning &
development | Develop a highly skilled and motivated workforce | Human resource development
[TABLE] Health & safety | ・Increase people who work safely, securely and in good health
・Realize a company that can work lively | Wellness and occupational
safety/ health

[PAGE 11]
Sustainable finance Nissan, under its corporate purpose, “driving innovation to enrich people’s lives”, is positioning sustainability at the core of its business. Aiming to grow as a company through global business activities and by contributing to solving various issues facing society, Nissan will continue to strive to provide value to stakeholders and support the development of a sustainable society. As one facet of such initiatives, the Nissan Sustainable Finance Framework*1 will enable Nissan to raise funds needed to further enhance its sustainability efforts. Nissan has obtained a second party opinion*2 from Moody’s Ratings, an independent organization, stating that Nissan’s framework is in alignment with the Green Bond Principle 2021, Social Bond Principle 2023, Sustainability Bond Guideline 2021, Green Loan Principle 2021 and Social Loan Principle 2023. A syndicated green loan agreement*3 that we signed in November 2022 represented the first funds raised under the Nissan Sustainable Finance Framework. The “Sakura” bonds for retail investors and corporate bonds for institutional investors issued in January and February 2023 marked the second tranche of funds and the proceeds were allocated in full to eligible green and sustainability projects*4 defined in the framework. *1 Nissan and Nissan Sales Finance affiliates Sustainable Finance Framework : https://www.nissan-global.com/JP/IR/STOCK/SUSTAINABLE_FINANCE/ASSETS/PDF/Nissan-and-Nissan-Sales-Finance-affiliates-Sustainable-Finance-Framework_en.pdf *2 Second-Party Opinion : https://www.nissan-global.com/JP/IR/STOCK/SUSTAINABLE_FINANCE/ASSETS/PDF/Second_Party_Opinion_en.pdf *3 Click here for more information. https://global.nissannews.com/en/releases/release-48b4dcee3ca553fae7e18a40fe024c80-221130-01-e *4 Click here for more information. https://global.nissannews.com/en/releases/release-852a2a2cb9af6879ff7b8333991e25d8-230120-02-e *5 Nissan sustainability bonds report https://www.nissan-global.com/JP/IR/STOCK/SUSTAINABLE_FINANCE/ASSETS/PDF/Nissan-SBR-Mar2024_en.pdf *6 Click here for more information on the Global Environmental Management Committee >>> P021 Funds raised through the framework have been allocated for a wide range of initiatives. These include the development and production of electrified vehicles and batteries as well as technology development and infrastructure development for the creation of EV ecosystems and smart cities and the development of safer and more sustainable mobility. Through its promotion of sustainability, Nissan will continue to provide outstanding value to its stakeholders and contribute to the advancement of a sustainable society. Please refer to our sustainability bonds report for more information about financing*5. Nissan Financial Services’ green bond issuance Nissan Financial Services Co., Ltd. has completed its procurement of funds with the issuance of 10 billion yen worth of green bonds for domestic institutional investors in March 2024. The green bonds represent the first issuance of bonds for fundraising by a Nissan group sales finance affiliate following the establishment of the Sustainable Finance Framework. They will be utilized as capital for sales finance receivables for zero-emission vehicles, thereby supporting the uptake of the Nissan group’s EVs through sales finance operations. Governance to promote sustainability Guided by our corporate purpose of “Driving innovation to enrich people’s lives,” at Nissan we place sustainability at the core of all our business activities. In fiscal 2021, we added a new sustainability performance indicator to the long-term incentive compensation program for the executives. This indicator makes clear the sustainability commitments of executives, which reflects not just the achievement of short- term earnings targets, but also their efforts to enhance corporate value and social value in the mid-long term. The setting of sustainability strategy goals as well as progress on and issues concerning, concrete activities are discussed by the Global Sustainability Steering Committee (GSSC), which is chaired by the Chief Sustainability Officer (CSO). The most important discussions are proposed/ reported to the Executive Committee (EC), while the contents are also reported to the Board of Directors as necessary. GSSC meetings take place twice a year and are attended by representatives from the function that undertake activities in each area. Each function is responsible for advancing its own activities and progress is reported to the GSSC. Moreover, environmental issues are discussed by the Global Environmental Management Committee (G-EMC)*6, which is co-chaired by the CSO and the Director who is Representative Executive Officer, President and CEO. The related corporate officers from all areas of the value chain attend this meeting to make decisions on company- wide policies and contents of reports put before the Board of Directors. We implement the PDCA (Plan-Do-Check- Act) cycle in each area in pursuit of improved sustainability performance. Nissan Motor Corporation Social Environmental Corporate direction Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 CSO message Sustainability at Nissan 010

[TABLE] Contents | Environmental | Social | Governance | Data | 010
[TABLE] Corporate direction
[TABLE] CSO message Sustainability at Nissan

[PAGE 12]
Nissan’s sustainability decision-making process Representatives from sustainability strategy-related functions at global headquarters and regional offices Chairperson Chief Sustainability Officer Global Sustainability Steering Committee Executive Committee Board of Directors Decisions Proposals / reports Internal management External communication Plan Nissan’s Global Sustainability Steering Committee and EC define overall direction and measures for the company’s sustainability activities. Do Based on the two committees’ decisions, the functions represented in the Global Sustainability Steering Committee take action and manage progress. Check Nissan considers societal feedback, such as rating agencies and ESG investment. Act Nissan defines priority areas of focus based on analysis of social trends, external evaluations and research on competitors. PDCA cycle *1 Please refer to the 2023 Securities Report (P74) for details of the performance indicators for the performance-based incentive compensation program. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/IR/LIBRARY/FR/2023/ASSETS/PDF/fr2023.pdf#page=76 *2 Click here for more information on the Compensation Committee. >>> P126 *3 Click here for more information on the UN Global Compact. https://unglobalcompact.org/ Executives’ roles on sustainability and its performance assessment Since fiscal 2021, the company has incorporated the performance indicators for sustainability in performance-based cash incentives that form a part of the long-term incentive program to increase its mid- to long-term corporate and social value. *1 *2 In fiscal 2024, those performance indicators and evaluation weights were reviewed and updated to further strengthen the initiatives. ・Environment: From FY2021 External evaluation on carbon neutrality (evaluation weight 5%) From FY2024 A CO2 performance score covering the entire value chain based on emission reductions across seven areas (evaluation weight 10%) ・ Social: From FY2021 External evaluation on respect for human rights (evaluation weight 5%) From FY2024 Global employee survey scores related to DEI (evaluation weight 10%) Participation in the United Nations Global Compact Nissan supports a number of international guidelines and agreements, respecting international policies and standards as it conducts its business. Since January 2004, Nissan has been a member of the UN Global Compact, a corporate responsibility initiative built around 10 universal principles regarding human rights, labor, the environment, and anti-corruption. Nissan’s sustainability management aims to enhance the full range of the company’s activities based on these 10 principles. *3 Nissan Motor Corporation Social Environmental Corporate direction Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 CSO message Sustainability at Nissan 011

[TABLE] Contents | Environmental | Social | Governance | Data | 011
[TABLE] Corporate direction
[TABLE] CSO message Sustainability at Nissan
[TABLE] Internal management
Nissan’s Global
Based on the two
Sustainability Steering
committees’ decisions,
Committee and EC define
the functions represented
Plan overall direction and Do in the Global
measures for the
Sustainability Steering
company’s
Committee take action
sustainability
and manage progress.
activities.
[TABLE] Nissan defines
priority areas of focus Nissan considers societal
Act based on analysis of Check feedback, such as rating
social trends, external agencies and ESG
evaluations and research investment.
on competitors.
External communication

[PAGE 13]
Stakeholder engagement Dialogue with stakeholders Nissan defines stakeholders as those individuals and organizations that influence or are influenced by the company’s business. The company aims to align its corporate activities with societal needs. Nissan gathers and integrates stakeholder feedback into its operations to build trustworthy relationships. The company provides various opportunities for dialogue with stakeholders and seeks to identify opportunities and risks in their early stages. These interactions take place at its global headquarters and other facilities in Japan and globally. Nissan established this structure to ensure feedback reaches the company. Nissan’s Stakeholders Customers Employees NGOs and NPOs Shareholders and Investors Suppliers and Dealers Governments, industrial Associations, business partners, and international organizations Local Communities and Future Generations Nissan’s stakeholders and engagement opportunities *1 Click here for more information. (Japanese only) https://global.nissannews.com/ja-JP/releases/240202-02-j * Nissan makes financial contributions in line with laws, regulations and the Nissan Global Code of Conduct. (Contribution in FY2023: 37 million yen to The People’s Political Association, Japan) Stakeholders Stakeholder engagement Stakeholder interests, main topics Major initiatives for 2023 Customers Customer service interaction, contact through dealers, websites, showrooms, events, customer surveys, media (TV, magazines, social media, etc.), owners meetings, vehicle maintenance, mailing service ・ Product and service quality ・ Customer support ・ Customer call center response (receives about 200,000 calls in Japan) Quick VOC (P075) ・ Quick VOC (P079) ・ Calls for participation in Earth Hour 2024 via SNS Employees Direct contact (including whistleblowing system), intranet, internal events, interviews, surveys ・ Company performance and issues ・ Workplace diversity ・ Workplace environment ・ Career, training ・ Presidential address ・ Management Information Exchanges (MIEs) by EC members and senior managers ・ Sustainability seminar ・ DEI Fireside Chat (P099) ・ Dialogues through competency appraisal, performance appraisal ・ Global employee survey (P092) Suppliers and dealers Suppliers conferences, dealer conventions, business meetings, direct contact, briefings, events, corporate guidelines, websites ・ Fair trade ・ Nissan’s sustainability policies, medium-term business plan, and purchasing policies ・ Supplier environmental activity briefing sessions (Japan) (P059) ・ Production information meetings (monthly) (P086) ・ Suppliers’ meetings (including Purchasing policy briefing sessions) (P086) ・ NISSAN Global supplier awards (P086) ・ Started operation of human rights hotline (Japan) (P084) ・ Nissan Green Shop (Japan) (P022) Shareholders and investors Direct contact with IR team, shareholders meetings, financial results briefings, IR events, IR meetings, websites, mailing service ・ Strategies, performance, and sustainability initiatives to enhance corporate value ・ Shareholder and investor engagement (P013) ・ One on one meeting with investment institutions and others Governments, industrial associations, business partners, and international organizations Direct contact, joint research studies, initiatives with industry organizations, roundtables, opinion-exchanges and other events ・ Legal compliance ・ Cooperation with demonstration experiments and other public measures ・ Promote joint program ・ Electrify Japan: Blue Switch Program activities (P091) ・ Contribution to community development in Fukushima Hamadori (P091) ・ Introducing Nissan Energy Share in Hiroshima university (P041)*1 ・ Traffic Safety Future Creation Lab (P073) ・ Participate in UNDP business and human rights project (P069) ・ Conducted a pilot project with IOM (P084) ・ Collaborations with governments regarding to environment such as GX league (P060) NGOs and NPOs Direct contact, meetings for exchanging opinions, management of programs, events ・ Cooperation and support for the resolution of societal issues ・ Dialogue on human rights with Amnesty International Japan (P070) ・ Participation as a support member in six NPOs / NGOs to exchange information ・ Smile Support Fund (support for seven groups) Local communities and future generations Direct contact with business facilities, local events, plant visits, philanthropic activities, conferences, traffic safety awareness campaigns, assistance via foundations, educational programs, websites ・ Local community contributions ・ Corporate philosophy ・ Nissan’s sustainability initiatives ・ Omoiyari Light Promotion activities (urging drivers to turn on headlights) (P072) ・ Conducting of on-site lessons at schools by employees (P090) ・ Awarding of the Rikajo (science education grant) development prize (The Nissan Global Foundation) Nissan Motor Corporation Social Environmental Corporate direction Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 CSO message Sustainability at Nissan 012

[TABLE] Contents | Environmental | Social | Governance | Data | 012
[TABLE] Corporate direction
[TABLE] CSO message Sustainability at Nissan
[TABLE] Stakeholders | Stakeholder engagement | Stakeholder interests,
main topics | Major initiatives for 2023
[TABLE] Customers | Customer service interaction, contact
through dealers, websites, showrooms,
events, customer surveys, media (TV,
magazines, social media, etc.), owners
meetings, vehicle maintenance, mailing
service | ・ Product and service
quality
・ Customer support | ・ Customer call center response (receives about
200,000 calls in Japan) Quick VOC (P075)
・ Quick VOC (P079)
・ Calls for participation in Earth Hour 2024 via SNS
[TABLE] Employees | Direct contact (including whistleblowing
system), intranet, internal events,
interviews, surveys | ・ Company
performance and
issues
・ Workplace diversity
・ Workplace
environment
・ Career, training | ・ Presidential address
・ Management Information Exchanges (MIEs) by
EC members and senior managers
・ Sustainability seminar
・ DEI Fireside Chat (P099)
・ Dialogues through competency appraisal,
performance appraisal
・ Global employee survey (P092)
[TABLE] Suppliers and
dealers | Suppliers conferences, dealer conventions,
business meetings, direct contact,
briefings, events, corporate guidelines,
websites | ・ Fair trade
・ Nissanʼs sustainability
policies, medium-term
business plan, and
purchasing policies | ・ Supplier environmental activity briefing sessions
(Japan) (P059)
・ Production information meetings (monthly) (P086)
・ Suppliersʼ meetings (including Purchasing policy
briefing sessions) (P086)
・ NISSAN Global supplier awards (P086)
・ Started operation of human rights hotline (Japan)
(P084)
・ Nissan Green Shop (Japan) (P022)
[TABLE] Shareholders and
investors | Direct contact with IR team, shareholders
meetings, financial results briefings, IR
events, IR meetings, websites, mailing
service | ・ Strategies,
performance, and
sustainability initiatives
to enhance corporate
value | ・ Shareholder and investor engagement (P013)
・ One on one meeting with investment institutions
and others
[TABLE] Governments,
industrial
associations,
business partners,
and international
organizations | Direct contact, joint research studies,
initiatives with industry organizations,
roundtables, opinion-exchanges and other
events | ・ Legal compliance
・ Cooperation with
demonstration
experiments and other
public measures
・ Promote joint program | ・ Electrify Japan:
Blue Switch Program activities (P091)
・ Contribution to community development in
Fukushima Hamadori (P091)
・ Introducing Nissan Energy Share in Hiroshima
university (P041)*1
・ Traffic Safety Future Creation Lab (P073)
・ Participate in UNDP business and human rights
project (P069)
・ Conducted a pilot project with IOM (P084)
・ Collaborations with governments regarding to
environment such as GX league (P060)
[TABLE] NGOs and NPOs | Direct contact, meetings for exchanging
opinions, management of programs, events | ・ Cooperation and
support for the
resolution of societal
issues | ・ Dialogue on human rights with Amnesty
International Japan (P070)
・ Participation as a support member in six NPOs /
NGOs to exchange information
・ Smile Support Fund (support for seven groups)
[TABLE] Local communities
and
future generations | Direct contact with business facilities, local
events, plant visits, philanthropic activities,
conferences, traffic safety awareness
campaigns, assistance via foundations,
educational programs, websites | ・ Local community
contributions
・ Corporate philosophy
・ Nissanʼs sustainability
initiatives | ・ Omoiyari Light Promotion activities (urging drivers
to turn on headlights) (P072)
・ Conducting of on-site lessons at schools by
employees (P090)
・ Awarding of the Rikajo (science education grant)
development prize (The Nissan Global Foundation)

[PAGE 14]
Nissan’s approach to shareholder and investor engagement Nissan, including its chief financial officer, conducts constructive dialogues with shareholders and investors. To build trustworthy relationships, the company communicates its long-term vision, innovations applied to enhance competitiveness and the latest market trends in a timely manner. Questions and feedback from shareholders and investors are reported to the executive management and reflected in the company’s decision-making. To mitigate the risk of insider trading, the company refrains from communicating with investors during the period beginning on the quarter-end date and ending at the time of the earnings results announcement. Communication with shareholders and investors In addition to disclosing up-to-date information on its IR website in a timely manner, each year Nissan holds events to present its business activities to investors and analysts, focusing on themes most relevant to them and making available its divisional and regional managers to provide the required information. Through its general meeting of shareholders and other gatherings, the company aims to build trust with its shareholders and enhance their understanding of Nissan.*1 The 124th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders was held at Nissan’s global headquarters on June 27, 2023 and also streamed live online. A total of 492 shareholders attended at the venue, while another 1,614 shareholders participated in the meeting online. In March 2024, Nissan held a briefing session on its new business plan: The Arc for all stakeholders including *1 Click here for more IR information. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/IR/ *2 CDP commends Nissan’s water security and climate change leadership https://global.nissannews.com/en/releases/240215-00-e *3 Click here for more information on the EcoVadis https://ecovadis.com/ *4 Click here for more information on the FTSE4Good Index Series. https://www.ftserussell.com/products/indices/ftse4good *5 Click her for more information on the FTSE Blossom Japan Index and FTSE Blossom Japan Sector Relative Index. https://www.ftserussell.com/products/indices/blossom-japan shareholders and investors, and separately held a Q&A session for investors and analysts. We also participated in conferences for institutional investors hosted by securities companies. The company will continue to disclose information to its stakeholders and investors to enhance their understanding of Nissan. External assessment Nissan’s initiatives on sustainability have earned high praise from external evaluation agencies. ・CDP Nissan has earned a place on prestigious A List in water security from CDP, a global environmental NGO for the fifth consecutive year. Nissan has also received an A- for climate change, and we have received A or A- in this category for 11 successive years since fiscal 2013. Accordingly, we were recognized for leadership in both categories.*2 ・EcoVadis In a 2023 assessment conducted by EcoVadis, an international sustainability rating agency, Nissan earned a score of 70, which places us in the top 5% of the roughly 100,000 companies surveyed.*3 We have also been included as a constituent stock in the following indexes, recognized globally for their credibility. ・FTSE Nissan has been a constituent of the FTSE4Good Index Series and constituent of the FTSE Blossom Japan Index for nine consecutive years. Nissan has also continued to be a constituent of the FTSE Blossom Japan Sector Relative Index since its creation in 2022. *4 *5 Nissan Motor Corporation Social Environmental Corporate direction Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 CSO message Sustainability at Nissan 013

[TABLE] Contents | Environmental | Social | Governance | Data | 013
[TABLE] Corporate direction
[TABLE] CSO message Sustainability at Nissan

[PAGE 15]
Environmental Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 014 Environmental principles and policies ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 015 Understanding of environmental issues ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 016 Strategic approach to environmental issues ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 017 Global environmental management framework and governance system ・・・・ 021 Nissan Green Program ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 024 Value chain activity achievements ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 034 Products ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 035 Corporate activities ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 044 Collaborations with relevant partners ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 059 Third-party assurance ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 061

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 014
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system

[PAGE 16]
Environmental principles and policies Environmental principles We provide customers with innovative products and services by promoting the effective use of energy and resources, promoting diversity and resource circularity. These are just some of the ways in which Nissan is striving to achieve its environmental philosophy “A symbiosis of people, vehicles, and nature”. To achieve our environmental principles, we have clearly defined our ultimate goal: “To manage the environmental impact caused by our operations and products to a level that Sunlight Thermal radiation ・Higher efficiency ・Renewables ・Reduced use ・Recycling ・More efficient mobility ・Expansion in distance travelled Energy Resources Social & economic activities Within levels nature can absorb Emissions & waste * Based on Beyond Growth: The Economics of Sustainable Development, by Herman E. Daly can be absorbed by nature and pass on rich natural capital to future generations” and set what we want to be: “A sincere eco-innovator.” This means endeavoring to leave as small an ecological footprint as possible for the Earth’s future. Beyond deepening our awareness of the environment, we strive to conduct all business activities with consideration and kindness for people, society, nature and the Earth, as a means of contributing to the development of a better society. Nissan’s environmental philosophy: A symbiosis of people, vehicles, and nature In addition to deepening our understanding of the environment, we conduct all of our operations, including production and sales, with consideration for people, society, nature and the earth, as a means of contributing to the building of a better society. Ultimate goal We will reduce the environmental impact and resource consumption of our corporate operations and vehicles throughout their life cycles to a level that can be absorbed by nature and pass on rich natural capital to future generations. What we want to be: A Sincere Eco-Innovator Sincere: Proactively address environmental challenges and reduce our impact on the environment. Eco-Innovator: Develop a sustainable mobility society through innovative technology in products and services. Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 015

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 015
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system
[TABLE] Social &
economic
activities

[PAGE 17]
Understanding of environmental issues Environmental and social issues have received increasing attention in recent years. Society faces various challenges, including poverty and hunger, energy issues, climate change, natural resource security, information security, and conflicts that pose threats to peace. These issues are also being addressed by the World Economic Forum (WEF). In aiming to address these various challenges, Nissan recognizes that providing safe, secure, and sustainable mobility to all individuals and delivering value to society has become increasingly important. Among these issues, climate change is viewed as a factor contributing to large natural disasters that occur frequently around the world each year, and the need to reduce the impact of climate change is now greater than ever before. In the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Sixth Assessment Report released from 2021 to 2023, it was emphasized once again that there is no doubt that climate change is caused by human activities, and that urgent and enhanced measures are needed without delay to limit the global average temperature rise to 1.5°C. At the 28th Conference of the Parties (COP28) to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) was held in December 2023, ambitious targets were proposed to address climate and biodiversity issues. These targets include concrete action plans aimed at halting the loss of nature, reversing current conditions, and promoting the rapid phase-out of fossil fuels by 2030 in order to achieve the global goal of resolving climate and biodiversity issues. The automotive industry is complex and diverse, and it is both dependent on and has an impact on the global environment. Nissan is committed to sustainability initiatives that mitigate climate change and conserve energy, preserve air quality and other natural capital, use mineral resources efficiently, properly manage chemical substances, efficiently allocate scarce resources, and promote good health. In addition, we are pursuing business structure reforms enabling us to move away from dependence on fossil fuels. Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 016

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 016
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system

[PAGE 18]
Strategic approach to environmental issues To solidly contribute to resolving global environmental issues,*1 Nissan engages in direct discussions with environmental experts, investors, NGOs, NPOs, and other organizations throughout the world, analyzing*2 potential opportunities and risks. As a global automotive manufacturer, we consider not only corporate activities but also those upstream and downstream as part of our responsibility. Our scope of analysis covers the entire value chain from the procurement of raw materials for vehicles to transportation, disposal, recycling, and product use, including suppliers. Based on this analysis, we identified materialities*3 that we should address and have identified Climate change, Resource dependency, Air quality and Water as important areas to focus on as Nissan’s mid-term to long-term environmental strategy. Specific action plans*4 were established through 2030 to target these key areas. Recognizing that the key areas identified are interconnected, and by addressing them comprehensively, Nissan will also contribute to addressing the challenges of nature-related issues, including biodiversity. We will also assess impacts associated with the transition to decarbonization and promote activities that focus on achieving a just transition without adverse impacts in order to achieve carbon neutrality. *1 Click here for more information on Nissan’s understanding of global environmental issues. >>> P016 *2 Click here for more information on potential risks facing the company, ecosystem assessments, and climate change scenario analyses. >>> P018 *3 Click here for more information on sustainability materiality, including the environment. >>> P004 *4 Click here for more information on Nissan’s medium-term environmental action plan (NGP2030) >>> P024 Offices and Dealerships Planing, R&D Production (Parts manufacturing and vehicle production) Logistics (in- and out-bound) Suppliers (Material mining and manufacturing, parts manufacturing) Collaborations with relevant partners Recycling, Repurpose and Reusage Vehicle Use Fuel and Electricity production Products Corporate activities Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 017 Nissan Value Chain

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 017
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system
[TABLE] Suppliers
Material mining and manufacturing, parts
[TABLE] Production
(Parts manufacturing and vehicle production)
[TABLE] Logistics
(in- and out-bound)

[PAGE 19]
Initiatives to identify impacts and dependencies on nature, including biodiversity Global trends At the 15th United Nations Biodiversity Conference (COP15) held in 2021 and 2022, it was discussed that we are on the verge of an unprecedentedly multifaceted crisis, including significant loss of biodiversity and degradation and pollution of both land and sea. That same year, University of Cambridge Emeritus Professor Sir Partha Dasgupta published The Economics of Biodiversity: The Dasgupta Review espousing the idea of introducing natural capital into the economy, which was referenced at the G7 Summit and contributed to influencing international politics. These international discussions are backed by scientific evidence acquired from the world’s first Millennium Ecosystem Assessment conducted by the United Nations from 2001–2005. Along with climate change mitigation, maintaining rich ecosystems and biodiversity are important environmental issues for Nissan. The assessment identified two key trends: 1. Deterioration of global ecosystems, which is progressing at an unprecedented rate and scale. 2. Ecosystems that create many ecosystem services, such as food, freshwater supplies, climate control, and protection from natural disasters, all of which substantially benefit humanity. Analyses of impact and dependency on ecosystem services In light of global trends, Nissan rapidly launched assessments of its overall value chain, from the mining of material resources to the production and operation of *1 Developed by the World Resources Institute (WRI) in cooperation with the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) and the Meridian Institute based on the UN Millennium Ecosystem Assessment (MA). *2 Click here to read “Ecosystem Services and the Automotive Sector”. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/DOCUMENT/PDF/ENVIRONMENT/SOCIAL/ecosystem_services_and_the_automotive_sector.pdf *3 TNFD: Taskforce on Nature-related Financial Disclosures its vehicles. Together with the United Nations University, Nissan utilized the Corporate Ecosystem Services Review*1 methodology in conducting research to ascertain the impact and dependency its own corporate activities have on ecosystems. The findings of that research were published in the 2010 report entitled Ecosystem Services and the Automotive Sector*2. Through this assessment, seven ecosystem services were identified as priorities for Nissan and the automotive industry as a whole: Fresh water, air quality regulation, climate regulation, water regulation, erosion regulation, water purification and treatment, and natural hazard regulation. In order to understand the relation of these with the automotive industry, Nissan has identified: Energy sourcing, mineral and material sourcing, and water usage as priority areas and conducted assessments to determine the dependencies on and impacts on these ecosystem services. A detailed analysis was conducted to assess impacts and dependencies with regard to each of these ecosystem services. Also in 2013, we estimated that the use of water resources in the upstream resource procurement process was more than 20 times the amount of water used by Nissan, and we also conducted analyses related to air quality. Ecosystem and biodiversity assessments are reflected in materiality decisions and incorporated into specific actions as Nissan Green Program policies and strategies. Nissan endorsed the TNFD*3’s recommendations and joined the TNFD Forum to support its activities, believing that it is important to communicate more clearly and accurately these initiatives to investors and other stakeholders. We will consider further disclosure in line with the recommended framework. Ecosystem services and automotive industry’s involvement (impacts and dependencies) Human well-being Poverty reduction ・Ensuring health ・Ensuring conservation, etc. Biodiversity conservation Ecosystem services Ecosystem services that automotive sector should prioritize Automotive sector Drivers of biodiversity change Reflected in materiality decisions ・Fresh water ・Air quality regulation ・Climate regulation ・Water regulation ・Soil erosion regulation ・Water purification and waste treatment ・Protection from natural disasters ・Climate change ・Overexploitation ・Pollution, etc. Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 018

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 018
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system

[PAGE 20]
Climate change scenario analysis to strengthen strategies for 2050 society Nissan’s efforts toward the environment have achieved continuous results by consistently reaching milestones backcasted from our long-term vision. However, compared with 2006 when we formulated the long-term vision based on the 2°C scenario from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) report, the threat of extreme weather due to climate change is increasing, and thus we believe it is necessary to enhance our strategy and make it more resilient amid growing uncertainties. In 2015, the 21st Conference of the Parties (COP21) to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) adopted a framework (the Paris Agreement) aimed at limiting global temperature increase to “well below” 2°C. COP26 in 2021 announced its resolution “to continue efforts to limit temperature rise to 1.5°C” to emphasize 1.5°C restriction, while adding the “reduction of global carbon dioxide emissions to virtually zero by mid-century.” Similar to the Paris Agreement, the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) adopted by the United Nations in 2015 also called for concrete measures to address climate change. The scenario analysis conducted for the purpose of strategic enhancements assumes societies based on the 4°C and 2°C scenarios presented in the International Energy Agency (IEA) time horizon up to 2050 and the 1.5°C scenario in the IPCC special report. Furthermore, in consideration of factors including changes in customer and market acceptance, tightening automobile regulations and the transition toward clean energy, Nissan’s business activities, products and services were examined in terms of strategic resilience to the opportunities and risks posed by climate change in the following four steps. Four steps for review ・ Evaluate past materiality, investigate risk factors with a decisive impact on the automotive sector due to climate change in documented studies and define main drivers in categories such as population, economy, geopolitics, climate change policy and technology. ・ Categorizing main drivers into physical risks and transition risks, then considering the trade-off relationships of each, we examined the rise in the Earth’s average temperature in three scenarios of 1.5°C, 2°C, and 4°C, and confirmed the range of risks for the 1.5°C and 4°C scenarios based on a 2°C reference. ・ Based on the degree to which the automobile sector was impacted and the timeline, items with a more substantial impact were screened from the main drivers. ・ Changes, conditions, and effects were adjusted in each scenario to provide guidance based on qualitative evaluation of the elements necessary for enhancing strategies. Policies and regulations, Technological changes, Market changes correspond to transition risks, while Extreme weather falls under physical risks. Envisioned scenarios and associated opportunities and risks Scenario assumption Area of impact Business activity opportunities and risks related to ongoing climate change 1.5°C Policies and regulations Complying with a further tightening of vehicle fuel efficiency and exhaust gas regulations may have an impact on the development of electric powertrain technologies and production costs and may influence production costs Increased burden of energy costs due to expansion of carbon taxes, expand investment in energy-saving equipment as policy Technological changes Cost effects of utilizing next-generation vehicle technologies such as in-vehicle batteries and other EV-related technologies as well as expanding autonomous driving technologies Increased demand will affect supply chains for rare earth metals used for in-vehicle batterys materials and cause an increase in stabilization costs Market changes Changes in consumer awareness leads to reduced new vehicle sales due to the selection of public transportation and bicycles and the transition to mobility services Opportunities Expand the provision of power management opportunities with Vehicle to Everything (V2X), an EV energy charging/discharging technology, and redefine the value of EV, especially with Vehicle to Grid (V2G) 4°C Extreme weather The impact on the supply chain and the operation of production bases due to extreme weather such as heavy rain and drought will increase property insurance costs and air conditioning energy costs Opportunities The need for securing emergency power sources using EV batteries is increasing as a disaster preparedness and mitigation measure As a global automobile company, it will be more than 170 countries and markets where our production facilities operate and our products are provided, therefore we will get the impact from climate change all over the world. When taking a comprehensive perspective of this scenario analysis, even the market infrastructure, regulations and actual usage are different. Nissan’s electrification and other related advanced technologies have the potential to create opportunities for effective capabilities in scenarios other than 2°C. Nissan has come to recognize once again the importance of further accelerating efforts toward this realization as well as the fact that activities integrated with the supply chain are essential for responding to risks. Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 019

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 019
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system
[TABLE] Scenario
assumption | Area of impact | Business activity opportunities and risks related to
ongoing climate change
[TABLE] 1.5℃ | Policies and
regulations | Complying with a further tightening of vehicle
fuel efficiency and exhaust gas regulations may
have an impact on the development of electric
powertrain technologies and production costs and
may influence production costs
[TABLE] Increased burden of energy costs due to
expansion of carbon taxes, expand investment
in energy-saving equipment as policy
[TABLE] Technological
changes | Cost effects of utilizing next-generation
vehicle technologies such as in-vehicle
batteries and other EV-related technologies
as well as expanding autonomous driving
technologies
[TABLE] Increased demand will affect supply chains for rare
earth metals used for in-vehicle batterys materials
and cause an increase in stabilization costs
[TABLE] Market
changes | Changes in consumer awareness leads to reduced
new vehicle sales due to the selection of public
transportation and bicycles and the transition to
mobility services
[TABLE] Opportunities | Expand the provision of power management
opportunities with Vehicle to Everything (V2X), an
EV energy charging/discharging technology, and
redefine the value of EV, especially with Vehicle to
Grid (V2G)
[TABLE] 4℃ | Extreme
weather | The impact on the supply chain and the operation
of production bases due to extreme weather such
as heavy rain and drought will increase property
insurance costs and air conditioning energy costs
[TABLE] Opportunities | The need for securing emergency power sources
using EV batteries is increasing as a disaster
preparedness and mitigation measure

[PAGE 21]
In particular, the expansion of zero-emission vehicles is not only a major step towards the shift to a carbon-free society as an automobile sector, it is also a technology that contributes to the resilience of society in power management and disaster preparedness and mitigation. Nissan believes this will create value for society and business. However, if the societal response to climate change is delayed, possible risks include additional transitional policies and regulations for a decarbonized society, increases in R&D efforts and changes in market demand or corporate reputation. Possible physical risks, such as an increase in extreme weather and rising sea levels, may lead to cost increases and declines in vehicle sales that have the potential to substantially influence on our financial situation. To avoid risks such as these to the extent possible and create future opportunities, Nissan is leveraging knowledge gained from scenario analyses for use in actual activities and reviewing strategies for expanding resilience. We believe it is important to more clearly and accurately communicate these impacts and the strategies considered to investors and other stakeholders. Nissan supports the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)’s recommendations and will strive to disclose information in line with its recommended framework. Financial impact assessment of carbon tax effects In fiscal 2021, we conducted a financial impact assessment, based on the scenario analysis that we had already disclosed. Below are the results of our assessment of the impact of carbon taxes. Background to financial impact assessment scenario selection Pricing for CO2 emissions is progressing, and an increasing number of countries and regions are introducing carbon taxes. Although the level of taxation and the industries subject to the tax vary by country and region, this analysis will focus on the financial impact of the carbon taxes due to their significant impact on companies. Evaluation of calculation methods and estimated taxes, assumptions In our calculations, we referred to the IEA report and other reports on carbon taxes as the basis for our carbon tax projection. The carbon tax on GHG emissions in 2030 was calculated by comparing cases where: 1) Corporate activities as of 2018 have been continued, and 2) The Nissan Green Program promotes environmental activities and the impact of annual carbon tax could be curbed Risk: Expanded impact of carbon taxes Increased burden of energy costs 2030 Carbon tax generated on CO2 emissions/per single year If corporate activities as of 2018 are continued If initiatives to address environmental issues are promoted through the NGP Impact on carbon tax in a single year: Approx. 10 billion JPY Impact on business outlook We estimated that the carbon tax impact of Scope 1 and 2 could be kept to approximately 10 billion JPY if the environmental issues addressed in the Nissan Green Program were implemented, compared with the case where GHG emissions were not reduced. Lifecycle assessment to reduce environmental impact Nissan identifies potential risks by conducting life cycle assessment (LCA). The LCA method is used to quantitatively evaluate and comprehensively assess environmental impact, not only during vehicle use, but at all stages, including raw material extraction, manufacturing and transport, as well as reuse or end-of-life vehicle recycling. Our LCA methods received certification from the Japan Environmental Management Association for Industry until 2012. Since 2013, they have been certified by the third-party organization TÜV Rheinland in Germany, with the certification being renewed in December 2023. The latter certification is based on ISO 14040 and ISO 14044 standards and validates the environmental impact calculations in our product LCA. We have been expanding the application of the LCA method and enhancing our understanding of the environmental impact of our products especially of our best-selling models worldwide in quantitative terms. Coverage on a unit basis has reached approximately 80% of global models and approximately 90% in Europe. Through the continuous implementation of LCA, we will promote the visualization and reduction of environmental impacts throughout the vehicle life cycle. Manufacturing and Transportation Raw material extraction Vehicle use End-of-life vehicle recycling or Reuse VEHICLE LIFE CYCLE Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 020

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 020
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system

[PAGE 22]
Global environmental management framework and governance system Environmental management governance To promote comprehensive environmental management as a global company while responding to a diverse array of environmental issues, Nissan has a governance system built on dialogue and partnership with each region and many corporate functions as well as with a variety of stakeholders. The Global Environmental Management Committee (G-EMC), co-chaired by the Chief Sustainability Officer (CSO) and the Director who is Representative Executive Officer, President and CEO, determines overall policy and the content of reports before the board of directors. Its meetings are attended by the relevant corporate officers to cover the whole value chain. Executives also clarify risks and opportunities at the corporate level and determine the specific programs to be undertaken by each division, using PDCA cycles to manage and operate the environmental programs efficiently. Environmental risks are regularly reported in Internal Control Committee meetings to strengthen corporate governance. We actively communicate with a broad range of stakeholders through our sustainability(ESG) data book and by answering inquiries from various environmental rating agencies. Global environmental management framework and governance Dialogue with stakeholders Nissan global and regional environmental management Major issue Climate change Resource dependency Air quality and water Suppliers and procurement Product and tech. development Manuf. and logistics Sales and offices Use, service and ELV Environmental management organization Global/Corporate Function/Regional Environmental Strategy Organization Plan Do Check Act PDCA PDCA PDCA Customers NGOs / NPOs Communities / Future Generations Communities / Future Generations Business Partners National / Local Governments Shareholders / Investors Employees Advisory Meetings, etc. Board of Directors Global Environmental Management Committee Executive Committee Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 021

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 021
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system
[TABLE] Climate change
[TABLE] Resource dependency | Suppliers
and
procurement | Product
and tech.
developmen | t | Manuf.
and
logistics | Sales
and
offices | Use,
service and
ELV
[TABLE] Air quality and water
[TABLE] Environmental
Strategy
Organization
[TABLE] Exec
Com | utive
mittee

[PAGE 23]
Climate change in the executives’ performance-based incentives Since fiscal 2021, the company has incorporated the performance indicators for sustainability in performance- based cash incentives*1 that form a part of the long-term incentive program to increase its mid- to long-term corporate and social value. In fiscal 2024, those performance indicators and evaluation weights were reviewed and updated to further strengthen the climate change-related initiatives. From FY2021 External evaluation on carbon neutrality (evaluation weight 5%) From FY2024 A CO2 performance score covering the entire value chain based on emission reductions across seven areas (evaluation weight 10%) *1 Click here for the social indicator. >>>P011 Enhancing environmental management based on ISO 14001 All major production sites around the world have obtained ISO 14001 environmental certification. In Japan, product development processes and all major facilities, including global headquarters, research and development, production, and logistics, have also obtained ISO 14001 certification. The assigned environmental management officer coordinates companywide goals and shares the goals with the employees through local offices. Local offices are responsible for the activities at each facility and division and for coordinating the proposals submitted by employees. By engaging in discussions at least once a month, the ISO secretariat and local offices confirm progress toward established goals, share best practices, improve management systems, develop plans for the next fiscal year, and communicate requests from local facilities and divisions. The items discussed are reported to the environmental management officer twice a year (once at the management review conference) to further enhance overall management. We periodically conduct third-party audits to confirm that management is functioning appropriately. We also conduct internal audits of areas covered by third-party audits and all other environmental activities, prioritizing compliance with regulatory reporting requirements and identifying and assessing risks. Working with consolidated production companies We encourage our consolidated production companies in a variety of markets to acquire ISO 14001 certification and to undertake other environmental initiatives based on their respective policies. Working with dealerships We believe that concern for the environment at our dealerships is essential to earning the trust and appreciation of our customers for Nissan’s environmental activities. Europe/Africa Nissan Motor Manufacturing (UK) Ltd. ●Sunderland Plant Nissan Motor Ibérica, S.A. ●Cantabria Plant ●Avila Plant Nissan South Africa (Pty) Ltd. ●Pretoria Plant China Dongfeng Motor Co., Ltd. ●Huadu Plant ●Xiangyang Plant Dongfeng Motor Co., Ltd. Dongfeng Nissan Passenger Vehicle Company ●Zhengzhou Plant ●Changzhou Plant ●Dalian Plant ●Wuhan Plant Dongfeng Motor Co., Ltd. Dongfeng Nissan Engine Company Zhengzhou Nissan Automobile Co., Ltd. Asia Renault Nissan Automotive India Private Limited ●Oragadam Plant Nissan Motor (Thailand) Co., Ltd. ●Plant 1 and 2 (Samutprakarn) North America/ Latin America Nissan North America, Inc. ●Smyrna ●Canton ●Decherd Nissan Mexicana, S.A. De C.V. ●Aguascalientes ●Cuernavaca Nissan Do Brasil Automoveis Ltda. ●Resende Japan Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. ●Yokohama Plant ●Research Center (Oppama) ●Oppama Plant ●Sagamihara Parts Center ●Tochigi Plant ●Nissan Technical Center ●Iwaki Plant ●Nissan Advanced Technology Center ●Zama Operation Center ●Hokkaido Proving Ground ●Nissan Global headquarters ●Nissan Customer Service Center ●Nissan Education Center ●Nissan Global Information System Center ●Honmoku Wharf Nissan Motor Kyushu Co., Ltd. ●Kyushu Plant Information as of the end of March 2024. Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 022

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 022
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system

[PAGE 24]
Our dealerships in Japan have introduced an original approach to environmental management based on ISO 14001 certification called the “Nissan Green Shop” certification system. This program is managed through internal audits conducted by the dealerships every six months, in addition to annual reviews and certification renewal audits carried out every three years by Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. (NML). As of the end of March 2024, the system has certified approximately 2,800 dealerships of 149 dealers, including parts dealers, as Nissan Green Shops. Certified dealers introduce and proactively communicate their environmental initiatives to customers. Raising environmental awareness among employees Nissan’s environmental activities are supported by the environmental knowledge, awareness, and competence of each and every employee. As part of our ISO 14001 activities, we provide Nissan employees and the employees of partner companies working in our offices and plants with education aimed at reducing CO2 emissions, energy and water consumption, and waste, as well as preventing environmental accidents, based on the Nissan Green Program 2030 (NGP2030). We also provide annual training for the purpose of preventing environmental accidents. In addition to education and training, quantitative evaluations of all employees are conducted at plants to develop human resources able to continuously improve their competence and reduce environmental impacts. The training curriculum is reviewed annually to ensure that employees always acquire the necessary competencies. In Japan, we provide orientation for new employees and compliance education for new supervisors and executives to promote an understanding of NGP2030 and the enviromental issues surrounding the automotive industry. We also share new information on environmental initiatives with our employees through our intranet, internal newsletters, and internal cable television broadcasts. *1 VOCs:Organic chemicals that readily evaporate and become gaseous at normal temperature and pressure conditions. *2 Excluding vehicles manufactured outside of Nissan Outside Japan, we share information through our intranet, as well as through videos, events, and other locally appropriate tools and opportunities aimed at raising awareness and sharing information with all our employees. Nissan’s voluntary operational standards Stricter controls on environment-impacting substances are being implemented in countries around the world. Examples include the European ELV directive, the European Union’s Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals (REACH) Regulation, which went into effect in June 2007, and Japan’s Act on the Evaluation of Chemical Substances and Regulation of Their Manufacture. The Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association (JAMA) launched a voluntary program to help minimize the potential release of formaldehyde, toluene, and other volatile organic compounds (VOCs)*1 in values cabins. This program utilized the VOC guidance value established by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare for specific substances in January 2002 to be met for all new models manufactured or sold by Nissan in Japan after April 2007. In accordance with the Ministry’s guidance value revision in January 2019, new guideline values have been met for new models released in 2022 or later. Nissan is strengthening its management of chemical substances, adhering to a planned schedule for their reduction and advancing the use of alternative substances. In 2005, we drew up policies regarding the use of substances scientifically recognized as being hazardous or carrying high hazard risks, as well as those identified as dangerous by NGOs. In 2007, these policies, which restrict environment- impacting substances even more than the domestic laws of the countries where we operate, were rolled out globally. Based on the above-referenced policies, Nissan developed a specific Nissan Engineering Standard (NES) for the Restricted Use of Substances, which identifies the chemical substances whose use is either prohibited or controlled. The NES is applied in material selection and also in the components and parts used in our vehicles from initial development onward. For example, four heavy metal compounds (mercury, lead, cadmium, and hexavalent chromium) and the polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) flame retardant have been either prohibited or restricted in models*2 launched globally since July 2007. To control VOC use in car interiors, Nissan adopted the voluntary targets of JAMA as our own standards for global operations, and we are reviewing and reducing the use of prohibited and controlled chemical substances in materials and adhesives for seats, door trim, floor carpet and other parts. Every year, we revise the Restricted Use of Substances standards to reflect changes in international laws and regulations and to add new substances covered by our voluntary internal standards. In the revision for fiscal 2017, we established criteria for proactively reevaluating hazards and risks related to regulations to enhance compliance levels. For example, we disclose information to users and submit REACH reports to the relevant authorities about the vehicles and parts produced in or exported to Europe from Japan and other countries (including some from the U.S.). We also comply with Classification, Labeling and Packaging of Substances and Mixtures regulations. Sanctions and government guidance at Nissan production facilities During fiscal 2023, in relation to the environmental management system, none of Nissan’s production facilities government notifications or sanctions regarding significant violations of environmental laws or regulations. However, there were two cases where the agreed-upon limit was exceeded. We coordinated with the administration to take the necessary measures and conduct discussions. Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 023

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 023
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system

[PAGE 25]
Nissan Green Program Key issues and challenges of Nissan Green Program (NGP) medium-term environmental action plan We first formulated the Nissan Green Program (NGP) medium-term environmental action plan in 2002 to achieve our environmental philosophy of “a Symbiosis of People, Vehicles, and Nature”. This plan aim to ultimately reduce our environmental dependence and impact to levels that nature can absorb. The fifth-generation NGP2030 plan, formulated in fiscal 2023, is strengthening and promoting activities towards the realization of a sustainable and harmonious society with nature. Based on Nissan’s environmental materiality analysis, Climate change, Resource dependency and Air quality and Water have been identified as important issues under NGP2030. We are committed to addressing these three key issues from a long-term perspective, taking into account both compliance and social demands. To contribute to the resolution of these important issues and create new value, we are working to ascertain needs through stakeholder engagement and strengthening our foundations related to environmental issues. Nissan will accelerate efforts to address environmental issues across the entire company, including development and manufacturing departments involved in vehicle manufacturing, as well as sales and service departments. Simultaneously, we will strengthen our foundations and create value for society. We will make efforts to co- create a sustainable society both through our own internal environmental activities, as well as by encouraging business partners and other external stakeholders to take actions. The indicators and progress of initiatives related to key issues will be disclosed annually. Evolution of NGP 2023 NGP2030 Reducing environmental impact on urban and regional areas 2002 2006 2011 2017 Reducing global environmental impact to a level that can be absorbed naturally by the Earth Reducing use of resources and global environmental impact to a levels that can be absorbed naturally by the Earth Resolving social issues to build a better world Ensuring our living society is sustainable and in harmony with nature NGP2030 key issues Toward the goal of carbon neutrality by 2050, strive for electrification potential and Monozukuri innovation. Carbon neutral Climate change Drive circular economy by efficient and sustainable use of resources, and by creating a system that maximizes the use of mobility No new material resource use Resource dependency Reduce water usage and manage water quality in response to the regional issues, and reduce the impact on air quality by minimizing emissions from cars and corporate activities. Zero impact / zero risk Air quality and Water Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 024

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 024
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system
[TABLE] Climate change
[TABLE] Carbon neutral
[TABLE] Toward the goal of carbon
neutrality by 2050, strive for
electrification potential and
Monozukuri innovation.
[TABLE] Resource dependency
[TABLE] No new material resource use
[TABLE] Drive circular economy by
efficient and sustainable use of
resources, and by creating a
system that maximizes the use
of mobility
[TABLE] Air quality and Water
[TABLE] Zero impact / zero risk
[TABLE] Reduce water usage and
manage water quality in
response to the regional issues,
and reduce the impact on air
quality by minimizing emissions
from cars and corporate activities.

[PAGE 26]
Climate change Nissan’s initiatives towards achieving a carbon neutral society The business structure of the automobile industry is undergoing significant changes in response to the demands for reducing CO2 emissions and transitioning away from dependence on fossil fuels. Nissan has declared the goal of carbon neutrality by 2050 and is focusing on the electrification of products and innovation in corporate activities, working in collaboration with suppliers to promote activities towards achieving this goal. As renewable energy and charging infrastructure expand, we will continue to promote the electrification of products and pursue the sustainability of our business activities to realize a carbon neutral future. Life cycles CO2 emissions Offices and Dealerships Manufacturing (Parts manufacturing/vehicle production) Logistics (In/outbound) CO2 Procurement (Material mining/manufacturing/component manufacturing) Repurpose/Reuse Fuel/electricity production Vehicle Use Recycle Disposal 17,476kton-CO2 180,882kton-CO2 CO2 emissions from corporate activities (Manufacturing, Logistics, Offices and Dealerships) 2,413 kton-CO2 Base year: 2018 Scope1,2 and 3 NGP2030 involves actively working towards achieving the 1.5°C scenario by accelerating efforts to address climate change. The plan focuses on reducing CO2 emissions, implementing electrification technologies, and creating environmental responsiveness and social value. Efforts to reduce CO2 emissions across entire product life cycles Nissan is actively working on reducing CO2 emissions across the entire life cycles of its vehicles. We are promoting the development of new technologies and the introduction of renewable energy in the entire value chain, including suppliers, to achieve CO2 reduction at every stage, from raw material extraction to manufacturing, transportation, product use, and disposal. We are working to achieve a balance between these efforts and our corporate activities. Nissan promotes CO2 reductions in all areas of business activity, including procurement, manufacturing, logistics, offices, and dealerships and products. Under NGP2030, we set the target of a 30% reduction in CO2 emissions by 2030 across entire product life cycles. CO2 emissions over the life cycles in fiscal 2023 were reduced by 11% compared with fiscal 2018. Long-term vision for life cycles 30% 100% (%) 100 80 60 40 20 0 2018 base 2030 2050 (FY) CO2 emissions per vehicle Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 025

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 025
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system
[TABLE] C
[TABLE] Vehicle Use
[TABLE] 180,88 | Fuel/electricity produc | tion
[TABLE] 2kto | n-CO
2

[PAGE 27]
Initiatives through products Approach to product initiatives CO2 emissions from new vehicles (use stage) accounted for more than 80% of total lifecycle emissions as of 2023. To reduce CO2 emissions from new vehicles (use stage), Nissan will develop and provide vehicle with lower CO2 emissions to customers. Nissan is working on improving fuel efficiency of ICE*1 vehicles and expanding its lineup of electrified vehicles. CO2 emissions comparison by power train (WtW*2) Renewable electricity (%) 100 80 60 40 20 0 ICE vehicle e-POWER vehicle Electric vehicle (EV) Fuel-cell electric vehicle (FCEV) Carbon emissions offset After implementing maximum CO2 emission reduction initiatives, Nissan will consider applying offsets to mitigate the unavoidable CO2 emissions, aiming to achieve our lifecycle CO2 emission target. *1 ICE: Internal combustion engine *2 Nissan is aiming to reduce WtW (well to wheel) CO2 emissions which are from the mining of fuel to driving on tires. Product launch plans Under our medium-term business plan, The Arc, we announced that a total of 34 electrified vehicles will be introduced to cover all segments globally between fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2030 and that the electrified vehicle model mix will be 40% by fiscal 2026 and 60% by fiscal 2030. We plan to launch 30 new models by fiscal 2026, including 16 electrified vehicles. Electrification plan By FY30 40% 20% 40% ICE e-POWER Plug-in hybrid (PHEV) EV 20% 20% 60% By FY26 MODEL MIX Product CO2 emission reduction scenarios Long-term vision We aim to achieve carbon neutrality in the vehicle life cycle and all business activities by 2050. NGP2030 target By 2030, we aim to reduce CO2 emissions from new vehicles by 32.5% globally and 50% in the four regions, compared with 2018 levels. CO2 emissions from new vehicles (Four regions: Japan, U.S.A., Europe and China) 50% 100% (%) 100 80 60 40 20 0 2018 base 2030 2050 (FY) t-CO2/km Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 026

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 026
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system
[TABLE] 60% | 20% | 20%
[TABLE] Renewable
electricity
[TABLE] Carbon
emissions
[TABLE] offset
[TABLE] 40 | % | 20% | 40 | %

[PAGE 28]
Initiatives through corporate activity Approach to corporate activity initiatives Reducing CO2 emissions from corporate activities Nissan is actively working to reduce CO2 emissions by promoting energy-saving initiatives and the introduction of renewable energy. In the corporate activities under NGP2030, we have set targets for reducing CO2 emissions in various areas including, manufacturing activities, logistics, offices, and dealerships, aiming to reduce emissions throughout the entire value chain. In manufacturing activities, we aim to achieve 52% reduction in CO2 emissions from our global production sites by 2030, accelerating efforts towards achieving the 1.5°C scenario (per vehicle, compared with 2018). Regarding activities leading to carbon neutrality, Nissan will first minimize energy consumption through the measurement and management of energy use and energy-saving activities and promote electrification. Nissan promotes the electrification and substitution of fossil fuels with carbon- free energy for our production facilities. We will also promote technological development to create further opportunities. Long-term vision for manufacturing activities 52% 100% (%) 100 80 60 40 20 0 2018 base 2030 2050 (FY) CO2 emissions per vehicle Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 027

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 027
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system

[PAGE 29]
Resource dependency Approach to resource dependency Nissan aims to incorporate the circular economy, efficiently and sustainably utilizing resources throughout a vehicle’s entire lifecycle, while maximizing the value provided to customers and society. Nissan’s circular economy Resource circularity with less energy Nissan promotes reuse and the saving of resources from the design, purchase, and manufacturing phases. We continuously work on using recycled materials, the proper management of chemical substances, and the reductions of veicle weight. To use resources effectively with less energy, we continue to expand the application of recycled materials to new vehicles, the use of recycled parts for customer repairs and replacements, and EV batteries in secondary applications. Furthermore, we will promote the adoption of circulable materials for cases using new materials as well, toward future sustainable resource circularity. Maximizing vehicle use Nissan aims to maximize vehicle usage as mobility through new services such as ride-sharing when driving, and as energy sources sharing battery power with homes and society when parking. ( ) Consideration of reuse and resource conservation Resource circularity with less energy Maximizing vehicle use Design Purchase Manufacturing Connected Beyond mobility Electric Power Mobility Telematics Ratio of new EVs with energy management functions NGP2030 Objectives Sustainable material ratio NGP2030 Objectives Japan, U.S.A., Europe, China ( ) Japan, U.S.A., Europe 40% 100% Recycle Rebuild Reuse Repair Sustainable materials ❶ Materials that are not newly mined resources ❷ Circulable virgin materials *1 Recycled materials, biomaterials, etc. Approach to sustainable materials As basic requirements for sustainable materials, the following (1*1) and (2) are set; (1) materials that are not newly mined resources, (2) virgin materials that can be continuously circulable. Nissan defines sustainable materials that meet (1) or (2) and additional sustainability requirements. By promoting their use in new vehicles and replacement parts, we aim to ensure and expand the use of sustainable materials going forward. Sustainability requirements ・De-carbonized materials ・Non-toxic materials ・Ethically sourced materials ・Certified materials Sustainable material long-term vision 20% 32% NGP2030 Sustainable material 40% Sustainable material 100% (%) 100 80 60 40 20 0 2010 2023 2030 2050 (FY) Approach to energy management By sharing the electricity of EV batteries with homes and society during parking, EVs can contribute to society as well as utilize the potential of resources in electricity bill savings, the local generation and consumption of renewable energy, providing emergency backup power and so on. To share electricity, EVs need energy management functions such as bidirectional charging and telematics communication. Nissan aims to equip all new EVs with energy management functions by 2030. Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 028

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 028
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system
[TABLE] 20% | 32% | Sustainable
[TABLE] material
40%

[PAGE 30]
Water Approach to water management Driven by rising populations and economic development, demand for water will continue to increase globally. With rain patterns also changing due to extreme weather events, the stability of water supplies is likely to become a more pressing social concern with every passing year. Nissan needs to use water especially for painting and cleaning processes, and for cooling purposes. We analyzed the materiality of water risks that Nissan should address from two aspects, “Impact on water risk from Nissan” and the “Impact on Nissan from water risk”, identifying “water stress (drought)” and “wastewater quality” as key priorities. Nissan will continue reducing its dependence and impact on water environments in local business operations, while regularly reviewing water risk assessments. Impact on water risk from Nissan Impact on Nissan from water risks Reputation Ecosystem Intake water quality Flood related env. accidents WASH* *Water Sanitation and Hygiene High Very high Extremely high Extremely high High Very high Wastewater quality Water stress High priority risks Water is an unevenly distributed resource, and we perceive it as a highly localized issue. Nissan prioritizes activities to reduce water usage, such as recycling wastewater and making effective use of rainwater, in areas with high water stress, while also contributing to the addressing of local water initiaties. Long-term vision Reduce the number of manufacturing sites with water risks to zero by 2050. NGP2030 objectives Reduce the number of manufacturing sites with high water risks (high-risk sites) to zero. ・ Reduce water usage at manufacturing sites ・ Manage wastewater quality at manufacturing sites Managing water usage Water stress analysis As the amount of usable water varies greatly depending on the basin where our manufacturing sites are located, we assess water stress at all global manufacturing sites. NGP2030 also prioritizes efforts to reduce water usage by designating sites with high water stress having a significant impact on our business as High-risk sites. Additionally, we continue water usage reduction at all sites, not just those with high water risks. Water stress Impact on business Low High High Low High-risk sites ・ Water stress on all global manufacturing sites is assessed based on water stress indicators from the Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas provided by the World Research Institute. ・ Impacts on business are assessed based on production volumes Wastewater quality management The quality of wastewater can affect the amount of water available for use, especially in areas with limited water resources, which further increases its significance. At Nissan’s main manufacturing sites, we implement wastewater treatment in accordance with stricter standards than local regulations to ensure compliance with wastewater quality management laws. Example of water quality management initiatives ・ At manufacturing sites in Japan, we have installed water quality sensors in the drains of wastewater treatment facilities and introduced systems that automatically stop discharging wastewater outside the sites if any problems are detected, thereby augmenting the prevention of water pollution. ・ Processing recycled water using reverse osmosis (RO) membranes has allowed some manufacturing sites to achieve zero wastewater discharge. Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 029

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 029
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system
[TABLE] High priority risks
Water stress
Wastewater quality
[TABLE] Reputation
WASH*
*Water Sanitation and Hygiene | Flood related env.
accidents
[TABLE] Ecosystem | Intake water quality
[TABLE] Water stress
[TABLE] Wastewater quality
[TABLE] Reputation
[TABLE] WASH*
[TABLE] High-risk sites | High-risk sites

[PAGE 31]
Air quality Approach to air quality Nissan approaches air quality by focusing on two points: lower emissions from vehicle tailpipes and manufacturing activities, and providing a pleasant in-cabin environment to customers. In this way, we will strive to show consideration for ecosystems while pursuing mobility that provides more comfort and security to customers. According to the State of Global Air 2018 report issued by the U.S.A.-based Health Effects Institute (HEI), 95% of the world’s population was at that time living in regions where particulate matter smaller than 2.5 μm (PM2.5) exceeds the 10 μg/ m3 basic level specified by World Health Organization (WHO) Air Quality Guidelines. In addition, the Euro 7 emission regulation planned for enforcement in Europe will include vehicle tailpipe emissions, as well as the reduction of particulate matter emissions from brakes, tires, and other components. Nissan will expand the scope of its responsibility for air quality to align with global regulatory trends, and by reducing all emissions from vehicles and manufacturing Nissan aims to minimize impacts on local nature and human health. Nissan air quality initiatives Emissions from manufacturing sites In-cabin air quality Non-tailpipe emissions Emissions and microparticles *1 Click here for information. >>>P042 Long-term vision Minimize impact on air quality from vehicles and manufacturing NGP2030 objectives Activities Objectives Enhance management of vehicle emissions, including non-tailpipe emissions Technology development and adoption Manage in-cabin air quality Comply with Nissan standard on in-cabin VOCs Manage VOC at manufacturing sites Continue current activities (paint shops) Reduction of emissions from vehicles To reduce emissions within and outside vehicles, Nissan is engaged in the following activities. Managing and improving out-cabin air quality ・ Promoting Zero-emissions vehicles (EVs)*1 ・ Enhancing internal combustion engines*1 ・ Reduction of non-tailpipe emissions and particulates Nissan has begun exploring technologies to comply with the next proposed European emission regulation, Euro 7, in terms of particulate emission from brake wear etc.. Managing and improving in-cabin air quality In addition to cleaner vehicle emissions, we are also conducting research and development on improving the in- cabin environment, including air quality, to make it more comfortable for passengers. Under NGP2030, we will comply with Nissan’s standards, which are stricter than the laws and regulations of each country regarding in-cabin VOCs. Reduction of emissions from manufacturing activities Typical emissions from vehicle manufacturing plants include nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx), and VOCs, and Nissan has continued to employ strict measures to address the emission of these substances. ・NOx, SOx : Since NOx and SOx are released into the air when fossil fuels are combusted, we have been promoting the adoption of low-NOx burners, change to low-SOx fuels, and so on. Going forward, we expect to reduce emissions from manufacturing even further by electrifying facilities that use fossil fuels. ・VOC: To reduce VOC emissions, we collect and recycle cleaning thinners and promote the use of water-based coating lines in painting processes. Nissan is working to ensure thorough compliance with management standards and mechanisms relating to substances released into the atmosphere, and will engage in activities to reduce both the usage and emission of causal substances. Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 030

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 030
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system
[TABLE] Activities | Objectives
[TABLE] Enhance management of vehicle
emissions, including non-tailpipe
emissions | Technology
development and
adoption
[TABLE] Manage in-cabin air quality | Comply with Nissan
standard on in-cabin
VOCs
[TABLE] Manage VOC at manufacturing sites | Continue current
activities（ paint shops）

[PAGE 32]
Foundations Under NGP2030, Nissan will work to ascertain needs through stakeholder engagement and strengthen its business foundations that relate to environmental issues to create new value and contribute to resolving the critical issues of climate change, resource dependency and air quality & water. As a global company, we have a responsibility to address various environmental issues and to be accountable in all aspects of the value chain. We are committed to achieving a sustainable mobility society and sustainable business operations, as well as to contribuing to regional communities through the following initiatives Identifying risks throughout vehicle life cycles using life cycle assessment; working with suppliers to improve environmental performance; establishing systems to realize information management throughout the value chain; and continuous efforts to raise environmental awareness among employees. Secure responsible sourcing Nissan must comply with EU battery regulations,the CSRD*1 and other environmental due diligence amid the rising importance of reducing environmental risks throughout the entire value chain. Further, given regulations relating to corporate social responsibility (CSR) and information disclosure frameworks such as TCFD*2 and TNFD*3, companies are required to promote and disclose not only their own environmental/social activities but also those throughout their supply chains. Nissan clearly positions suppliers as important partners in its CSR policy. We have shared our basic philosophy and procurement policies on environmental and social issues with suppliers. Also, we promote collaborations on environmental activities through the formulation and publication of several *1 Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive *2 Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures *3 Task Force on Nature-related Financial Disclosures of our policies (Nissan Human Rights Policy Statement, Nissan Global Guideline on Human Rights, Nissan CSR Guidelines for Suppliers, Nissan Green Purchasing Guidelines) and engage with suppliers by holding annual environmental activity briefing meetings. In response to external trends, including legal requirements for information disclosure under NGP2030, we are incorporating the requirements for responsible procurement into our guidelines and actively managing supply chain risks. This includes expanding the use of materials that meet Nissan’s sustainability requirements. Secure and integrate value-chain information (traceability) To prepare for the trend toward regulation and expanded disclosure throughout the value chain, we are considering the establishment of a system to collect and manage supply chain information across the industry. Further, the disclosure of non-financial information, including CO2 emissions from corporate activities, is also required in addition to the disclosure of financial information. To respond to these external trends, we aim to realize the integrated information management of environmental impacts throughout the value chain and secure accountability (traceability). To understand and manage climate change, as well as human rights issues in the supply chain, impacts on water, air and the natural environment, we have started to introduce a digital platform for integrated information management. Specifically, we aim to provide timely and appropriate information by ensuring transparency to stakeholders with internal monitoring tools to record and manage our own CO2 emissions, water and waste. In addition, we aim to further accelerate collaboration with suppliers to reduce environmental risks through information management and inter-company data linkage across the entire Nissan supply chain. Enhance environment governance It is important that all employees act with integrity and in accordance with high ethical standards to reduce environmental impact. In all regions where Nissan operates, we have established internal standards to ensure compliance with environmental laws, regulations and the demands of society. In aiming for thorough legal compliance with regard to the environment, under NGP2030 we are promoting the understanding of environmental laws through educational activities for employees and other initiatives on a worldwide basis. Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 031

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 031
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system

[PAGE 33]
Activities NGP2030 Objectives FY2023 result Climate change Long-term vision: Realize carbon neutrality by 2050 1 Reduce CO2 emissions ( Base year ) 2018 Life cycles (t-CO2/vehicle) -30% (Global) -11% Through the promotion of CO2 reduction activities in various areas, reduced CO2 emissions per vehicle. 2 Product (g-CO2/km) -32.5% (Global), -50% (4Majors: Japan, U.S.A., Europe and China) Global:-12%, 4Regions (Japan, U.S.A., Europe and China):-15% CO2 emission reduction by promoting electrification, especially 4Regions. 3 MFG (t-CO2/vehicle) -52% (Global) -0.5% In addition to continuing energy conservation activities, promoted the introduction of renewable energy. 4 Suppliers Promoted reduction of CO2 emissions during manufacturing by expanding the application of green aluminum and green steel. 5 Logistics (t-CO2/vehicle) -6.4% CO2 emissions per vehicle reduced by promoting modal shift in China and air freight reduction. 6 R&D facility (t-CO2/development cost) Promoted reduction of CO2 emissions by implementing activities such as energy conservation at global R&D sites. 7 Offices (t-CO2/floor area) -36% Implemented energy-saving activities, such as LED conversion and operational improvements, starting from FY2023, the electricity of global headquarters is derived from 100% renewable energy sources. 8 Dealerships (t-CO2/floor area) -16% In addition to continuing energy-saving activities such as switching to LED, considered further improvement plans at specific stores and implemented them at stores nationwide in Japan from FY2024. Resource dependency Long-term vision: No new material resource use 9 Materials Expand sustainable material (weight basis) 40% (Japan, U.S.A., Europe and China) 32% Expanded the use of sustainable materials through the active adoption of recycled materials and green materials. 10 Manage waste / Landfill Promoted waste reduction such as the use of returnable containers. Continued zero landfill at all factories in Japan as well as factories in Brazil and India etc. 11 Vehicles Expand energy management function Equipped rate to EV: 100% (Japan, U.S.A. and Europe) Developed charging and connected technologies to achieve energy management. NGP2030 action plan Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 032

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 032
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system
[TABLE] Activities | NGP2030 Objectives | FY2023 result
[TABLE] Climate change
[TABLE] Long-term vision: Realize carbon neutrality by 2050
[TABLE] 1 | Reduce CO₂
emissions
( Base year )
2018 | Life cycles (t-CO₂/vehicle) | -30% (Global) | -11%
Through the promotion of CO₂ reduction activities in various areas, reduced CO₂ emissions
per vehicle.
[TABLE] 2 | Product (g-CO₂/km) | -32.5% (Global),
-50% (4Majors: Japan, U.S.A., Europe and China) | Global：-12%,
4Regions (Japan, U.S.A., Europe and China)：-15%
CO₂ emission reduction by promoting electrification, especially 4Regions.
[TABLE] 3 | MFG (t-CO₂/vehicle) | -52% (Global) | -0.5%
In addition to continuing energy conservation activities, promoted the introduction of
renewable energy.
[TABLE] 4 | Suppliers | Promoted reduction of CO₂ emissions during manufacturing by expanding the application of
green aluminum and green steel.
[TABLE] 5 | Logistics (t-CO₂/vehicle) | -6.4%
CO₂ emissions per vehicle reduced by promoting modal shift in China and air freight
reduction.
[TABLE] 6 | R&D facility (t-CO₂/development cost) | Promoted reduction of CO₂ emissions by implementing activities such as energy conservation
at global R&D sites.
[TABLE] 7 | Offices (t-CO₂/floor area) | -36%
Implemented energy-saving activities, such as LED conversion and operational improvements,
starting from FY2023, the electricity of global headquarters is derived from 100% renewable
energy sources.
[TABLE] 8 | Dealerships (t-CO₂/floor area) | -16%
In addition to continuing energy-saving activities such as switching to LED, considered
further improvement plans at specific stores and implemented them at stores nationwide in
Japan from FY2024.
[TABLE] Resource dependency
[TABLE] Long-term vision: No new material resource use
[TABLE] 9 | Materials | Expand sustainable material (weight basis) | 40% (Japan, U.S.A., Europe and China) | 32%
Expanded the use of sustainable materials through the active adoption of recycled materials
and green materials.
[TABLE] 10 | Manage waste / Landfill | Promoted waste reduction such as the use of returnable containers. Continued zero landfill at
all factories in Japan as well as factories in Brazil and India etc.
[TABLE] 11 | Vehicles | Expand energy management function | Equipped rate to EV: 100% (Japan, U.S.A. and Europe) | Developed charging and connected technologies to achieve energy management.

[PAGE 34]
Activities NGP2030 Objectives FY2023 result Air quality and water Long-term vision: Zero impact / Zero risk 12 Water Enhance water risk management at manufacturing sites Zero high-risk sites Promoted activities at sites to achieve zero high-risk sites. 13 Reduce water usage at manufacturing sites Promoted water reduction at sites with high water usage, such as reducing the amount of cooling water at the Tochigi Plant. 14 Manage wastewater quality at manufacturing sites Continued wastewater quality management at manufacturing sites. 15 Air quality Enhance management of vehicle emissions, including non-tailpipe emissions Technology development and adoption Started exploring technologies to reduce brake wear dust to comply with stricter regulations. 16 Manage VOC at manufacturing sites Continue current activities (paint shops) Promoted transition to water-based paint and improved recovery rate of waste thinners. 17 Manage in-cabin air quality Comply with Nissan standard on In-Cabin VOC All models designated for FY2023 complied with Nissan standard on In-Cabin VOC. Foundation 18 Secure responsible sourcing Secure supply chain risk management Updated the Nissan CSR Guidelines for Suppliers and Nissan Green Purchasing Guidelines and ensured thorough compliance. 19 Assure and integrate value-chain information (traceability) ・Build and operate carbon footprint management system for corporate activities and parts production ・Secure supply chain data reliability Started studying corporate carbon footprint information management to realize integrated data management. 20 Enhance environmental governance Updated the Global Environmental Policy reflecting NGP2030. Continued activities in each region, such as environmental compliance training for employees in ASEAN. Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 033

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 033
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system
[TABLE] Activities | NGP2030 Objectives | FY2023 result
[TABLE] Air quality and water
[TABLE] Long-term vision: Zero impact / Zero risk
[TABLE] 12 | Water | Enhance water risk management at manufacturing
sites | Zero high-risk sites | Promoted activities at sites to achieve zero high-risk sites.
[TABLE] 13 | Reduce water usage at manufacturing sites | Promoted water reduction at sites with high water usage, such as reducing the amount of
cooling water at the Tochigi Plant.
[TABLE] 14 | Manage wastewater quality at manufacturing sites | Continued wastewater quality management at manufacturing sites.
[TABLE] 15 | Air quality | Enhance management of vehicle emissions, including
non-tailpipe emissions | Technology development and adoption | Started exploring technologies to reduce brake wear dust to comply with stricter regulations.
[TABLE] 16 | Manage VOC at manufacturing sites | Continue current activities (paint shops) | Promoted transition to water-based paint and improved recovery rate of waste thinners.
[TABLE] 17 | Manage in-cabin air quality | Comply with Nissan standard on In-Cabin VOC | All models designated for FY2023 complied with Nissan standard on In-Cabin VOC.
[TABLE] Foundation
[TABLE] 18 | Secure responsible sourcing | Secure supply chain risk management | Updated the Nissan CSR Guidelines for Suppliers and Nissan Green Purchasing Guidelines
and ensured thorough compliance.
[TABLE] 19 | Assure and integrate value-chain information (traceability) | ・Build and operate carbon footprint management
system for corporate activities and parts
production
・Secure supply chain data reliability | Started studying corporate carbon footprint information management to realize integrated
data management.
[TABLE] 20 | Enhance environmental governance | Updated the Global Environmental Policy reflecting NGP2030. Continued activities in each
region, such as environmental compliance training for employees in ASEAN.

[PAGE 35]
Value chain activity achievements Nissan prioritizes climate change, resource dependency, and air quality and water, which are the key areas related to Nissan’s business, to minimize dependence and impact on ecosystem services, Nissan also provides a range of value to society and provide a variety of value to society and the environment that realizes “a Symbiosis of People, Vehicles, and Nature.” Nissan Value Chain Offices and Dealerships Planing, R&D Logistics (in- and out-bound) Collaborations with relevant partners Suppliers (Material mining and manufacturing, parts manufacturing) Supply chain management and collaborations with business partners Products Corporate activities Initiatives aimed at achieving carbon neutrality and activities aimed at reducing emissions from corporate activities Efforts to build a sustainable society using EVs, addressing all types of emissions Circular economy initiatives Production (Parts manufacturing and vehicle production) Recycling, Repurpose and Reusage Vehicle Use Fuel and Electricity production This section introduces environmental initiatives and the value they create in the three main value chain business areas: Products, Corporate activities, and Collaborations with relevant partners. Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 034

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Governance | Data | 034
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system

[PAGE 36]
Products Establishing a sustainable society using electrified vehicles We consider the introduction and adoption of zero-emission vehicles to be one of the pillars of our corporate strategy. We are taking a comprehensive approach that involves boosting production and sales of zero-emission vehicles along with other activities coordinated with a variety of partners to popularize their use. We believe electrified vehicles*1 can create a wide range of value and address various issues related to nature, such as climate change, resource dependency, and biodiversity. Furthermore, as lifestyles change and the potential for a new mobility society is emerging, Nissan is proposing both the value of mobility as a means of transportation, as well as the new value that electrified vehicles provide. We believe in these possibilities because Nissan is a pioneer in mass- produced electrified vehicles, having delivered more than 1.1 million*2 EVs (including joint ventures) to customers worldwide since the launch of the first-generation Nissan LEAF in 2010. Initiatives for building a sustainable society using electrified vehicles Utilizing renewable energy for charging Battery secondary use electrified vehicles engineering, manufacturing Construction of vehicle-charging infrastructure Secondary use and recycling of batteries *1 Electrified vehicles: Electrified vehicles including e-POWER, EVs: Electric vehicles (excluding e-POWER) *2 As of March 31, 2024. 1. Initiatives in development and sales Nissan’s electrification technologies for achieving carbon neutrality by 2050 Accelerating the advancement and promotion of electrification technologies Nissan is advancing innovations in electrification to achieve carbon neutrality. Our calculations show that electrified vehicles can reduce CO2 emissions over their entire life cycle compared with gasoline-powered vehicles of the same class. Electrified vehicles play an essential role beyond transportation in helping to achieve a low-carbon society by contributing to the shift towards renewable energy. Nissan has been working to advance and promote electrification technologies that can reduce CO2 emissions by focusing on EVs and e-POWER, which have the common feature of being 100% motor-driven. Value delivered by Nissan electrified vehicles Nissan wants to deliver the ultimate driving experience that only electrified vehicles can offer. We aim to create exciting driving experiences that can only be realized with 100% motor-driven vehicles, eliminating the potential stress that accumulates unnoticed in daily driving. For example, e-Pedal Step provides responsive acceleration when the accelerator is depressed and smooth deceleration via motor regeneration when the accelerator pedal is released. In addition, e-4ORCE is an unprecedented electrically-driven all-wheel control technology that integrates the control of two high-output motors (front and rear) and brakes. It allows for the flexible control of driving power, enhancing handling in all types of conditions, from daily driving to winding roads and slippery road surfaces. We are also actively working on technical developments to make electrified vehicles more affordable, aiming to achieve prices that are comparable with those of conventional engine-powered vehicles as soon as possible. Technological innovations supporting the spread of electrified vehicles EV battery development initiatives All-solid-state batteries are expected to be a game-changing technology for accelerating the popularity of EVs. They have an energy density approximately twice that of conventional lithium-ion batteries, significantly shorter charging times due to superior charge/discharge performance, and the potential to reduce battery costs by reducing rare metal usage. With these benefits, Nissan expects to use all-solid-state batteries in a wide range of vehicle segments, including pickup trucks, making its EVs more competitive. Nissan has been developing this technology and aims to bring it to market by 2028. Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 035

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 035
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system

[PAGE 37]
Next-generation powertrain X-in-1 In March 2023 Nissan unveiled its new approach to electrified powertrain development, which it calls X-in-1.*1 Under the approach, core EV and e-POWER powertrain components will be shared and modularized, resulting in a 30% reduction, compared with 2019, in development and manufacturing costs by 2026. We are currently developing a 3-in-1 module for EVs comprising three components (motor, inverter, and reducer). We are also working on a 5-in-1 module that expands upon the components of the 3-in-1 module. In addition to the motor, inverter and reducer for e-POWER vehicles, 5-in-1 includes a generator and an increaser. Common use of components and elemental technologies As EV and e-POWER, the two pillars of Nissan electrification, have many similar specifications required for motors and other core components, we have achieved a high degree of commonality by promoting designs based on the assumption of common usage. For example, the internal components of the inverter have been standardized between the Nissan LEAF and Note e-POWER (2016), and this standardization has now been expanded to the Nissan Ariya, Nissan Sakura and other e-POWER models. We implemented common motors between the Nissan LEAF and Note e-POWER (2016) and now we are expanding the use of common motors across the entire lineup, including e-POWER rear motors and Nissan Sakura front motors, while also working to reduce costs. Technologies for downsizing of key components in electrified vehicles In terms of the advances from the first- to second-generation *1 Click here for more information on “X-in-1”. https://global.nissannews.com/en/releases/nissan-e-power-tech-x-in-1 e-POWER in Note e-POWER, we doubled output density by both downsizing the inverter and increasing its output. This was made possible by the technologies that Nissan has cultivated over many years of in-house inverter production. While ensuring the high quality required for vehicles, these technologies also take into account trade-offs in terms of heat and insulation, achieving space savings in terms of millimeter units. Going forward, we will work to further improve the power density of inverters by combining ongoing advances in the miniaturization of power semiconductors with the miniaturization of substrates supported by in-house production, as well as through the use of silicon carbide (SiC) . Dedicated engine design efforts focused on power generation Nissan is also working on the development of engines focused on power generation based on its Strong Tumble and Appropriately stretched Robust ignition Channel (STARC) concept. In conventional driving power transmissions, thermal efficiency is limited to approximately 40% to accommodate output characteristics that cover a wide range of driving loads. On the other hand, engines focused on power generation, such as the e-POWER, enable the engine usage range to be limited to the most efficient point. This breakthrough uses the engine in full fixed-point operation, enabling a dramatic improvement in thermal efficiency, leading to the development of a technology realizing thermal efficiencies of up to 50%. Light weight technology Along with improving the efficiency of batteries, engines, and electric powertrains, reducing the weight of vehicles is important for carbon neutrality. Nissan is working on weight reduction from three points of view: Materials, structural optimizations and manufacturing processes. Materials Nissan is rapidly expanding the use of Ultra-High-Tensile Steel, which realizes high strength and formability while also reducing weight. This material is used for the body frame components on a wide range of vehicle models, from “kei” cars to the INFINITI. In 2018, we adopted 980 megapascal (MPa) Ultra-High-Tensile Steel with High Formability, which features further improvements in collision energy absorption performance, for the INFINITI QX50, and in 2019 SAE International presented Nissan with the “SAE/AISI Sydney H. Melbourne Award for Excellence in the Advancement of Automotive Steel Sheet,” among other accolades. In 2020, we expanded the application of this material to the Rogue, Qashqai, and Note, then to the Nissan Ariya in 2022 and Serena in 2023. Structural optimizations The e-POWER system, which integrates motors and inverters, was adopted in the 2020 Note, achieving a 6% increase in output while reducing the weight of the motor by 15% and the inverter by 30%. The same technology was used in the Nissan Sakura in 2022 and Serena in 2023. Manufacturing processes Nissan is engaged in the practical application of a new casting method called the vacuum low-pressure die cast process (V-LPDC). This method was applied to the 1.5-liter, 3-cylinder turbo engine cylinder head of the Rogue and Qashqai, contributing to a 4% weight reduction. Nissan will continue proactively developing lightweight technologies to reduce CO2 emissions to achieve carbon neutrality. Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 036

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 036
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system

[PAGE 38]
Global promotion of electrification Electrified vehicle performance and assessment Since the launch of the Nissan LEAF in 2010, Nissan has been expanding and promulgating its battery EV and e-POWER models. In 2022, Nissan developed the Nissan Sakura for the “kei” car segment, achieving powerful, smooth acceleration and quietness that surpass the traditional boundaries of “kei” cars and winning the 2022-2023 Japan Car of the Year award, 2023 RJC Car and Technology of the Year awards, and 2022-2023 Japan Automotive Hall of Fame Car of the Year. e-POWER, an electrified vehicle realizing low carbon emissions through the utilization of existing infrastructure that provides a driving experience not unlike that of an EV, e-POWER forms part of Nissan’s global promotion of electrification. It has been installed in the Sylphy and X-Trail in China, the Qashqai and X-Trail in Europe, and the Kicks and X-Trail in Mexico. In Mexico, it is classified by the government as an EV and is eligible for various preferential EV policies. Equipped with the newly developed, exclusively designed e-POWER engine, the Serena received the 2023- 2024 Japan Technology Car of the Year award in 2023 and the 2024 RJC Car and Technology of the Year awards for improved combustion efficiency, smooth and powerful acceleration, and outstanding quietness. *1 Click here for more information on environmental data of LCA. >>>P157 *2 Click here for more information on the Nissan Intelligent Factory. >>> P045 *3 Click here for more information on the reuse of vehicle batteries. >>> P042 LCA*1 of EV models Nissan conducts life cycle assessment (LCA) to quantitatively evaluate and comprehensively assess environmental impact. The Nissan LEAF's lifecycle CO2 equivalent emissions have been reduced by approximately 30% compared with conventional vehicles of the same class in Japan. The Nissan Ariya and Nissan Sakura, launched in 2022, further improve EV product appeal and reduce environmental impacts. Compared with Japanese gasoline- powered vehicles in the same class, the lifecycle CO2 equivalent emissions of the Nissan Ariya and Nissan Sakura have been reduced by approximately 20%. Nissan will continue to pursue the potential for further reducing the environmental impact of EVs throughout their lifecycle. Lifecycle CO2 reduction on the Nissan Ariya In Nissan Ariya production at the Tochigi Plant, we have intensified our efforts to minimize CO2 emissions at every stage of the vehicle’s lifecycle. In the production stage, we contributed to the reduction of CO2 equivalent emissions through ongoing efforts that included increasing the yield of materials and utilizing recycled raw materials. Following the introduction of the Nissan Intelligent Factory*2 method at the Tochigi Plant in 2021, we are actively working towards making all of our production plants carbon neutrality. To achieve this, we are focusing on promoting innovative practices that enhance production efficiency during vehicle assembly, improving the efficiency of energy and materials utilized in our plants, electrifying plant equipment, and utilizing renewable energy sources. These efforts are aimed at reducing carbon emissions and creating a more sustainable manufacturing process for Nissan vehicles. To reduce environmental impact in vehicle use, Nissan is continually reducing CO2 emissions by improving the efficiency of electric powertrains, including batteries, saving power on accessories and increasing renewable energy usage. Nissan is actively promoting the reuse of vehicle batteries*3 as a stationary battery for distributed power supply, enabling the storage of renewable energy and contributing to the decarbonization of society. Nissan will keep working to reduce the environmental impact from the entire life cycle of electric vehicles. 100 80 60 40 20 0 (%) 100 80 60 40 20 0 (%) 100 80 60 40 20 0 (%) Production & logistics Fuel & electricity production Usage Maintenance ELV Production in Japan, 100,000km driven in Japan (basis for comparison). Nissan LEAF: 40 kWh Battery Same class model: Gasoline 1.8 L Nissan ARIYA: 66 kWh Battery Same class model: Gasoline 2.0 L Nissan Sakura: 20.6kWh Battery Same class model: Gasoline 0.66L Nissan LEAF Nissan Ariya Nissan Sakura Lifecycle CO2 equivalent emissions Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 037

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 037
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system
[TABLE] Nissan LEAF
[TABLE] Nissan Ariya
[TABLE] Nissan Sakura

[PAGE 39]
LCA of e-POWER models Nissan introduced its new e-POWER powertrain in 2016, marking another significant milestone in the electrification strategy with life cycle emission improvements. For example, the Note e-POWER, Nissan Kicks e-POWER, X-Trail e-POWER, and Serena e-POWER have achieved approximately 20% reductions in CO2 emissions compared with their gasoline-powered counterpart models. e-Power models use a system in which the gasoline engine operates only for generating electricity under specific conditions. As a result, e-POWER models achieve better fuel efficiency for driving than conventional gasoline engines with less engine displacement. 100 80 60 40 20 0 (%) 100 80 60 40 20 0 (%) Serena Note Base model e-POWER Base model e-POWER e-POWER : 1.2 liters Base model : 1.2 liters e-POWER : 1.4 liters Base model : 2.0 liters Production & logistics Production in Japan, 100,000km driven in Japan (basis for comparison). ELV Maintenance Usage Fuel & electricity production Lifecycle CO2 equivalent emissions Technical developments meeting different needs Fuel-cell electric vehicles Powered by electricity generated from hydrogen and oxygen, fuel-cell electric vehicles (FCEVs) are zero emission vehicles that do not produce CO2 or other harmful emissions. We believe that, as part of building a sustainable mobility society, both FCEVs and EVs are viable options from an energy diversity perspective. In alignment with Japanese government policies, we joined forces with Toyota Motor Corporation, Honda Motor Co., Ltd., and other companies to establish Japan H2 Mobility, LLC (JHyM), targeting the full-fledged development of hydrogen stations for FCEVs in Japan. Addressing the key issues raised during the initial stage of FCEV promotion, JHyM will ensure that infrastructure developers, automakers, and investors all do their part to support the successful strategic deployment of hydrogen stations and effective operation of the hydrogen station business in Japan. In June 2016, Nissan unveiled its e-Bio Fuel-Cell system that runs on bioethanol electric power. The new system features a solid oxide fuel-cell (SOFC) power generator. SOFC technology can produce electricity with high efficiency using the reaction of oxygen with multiple fuels, including ethanol and natural gas. SOFCs can run on a variety of fuels, enabling the use of existing fuel infrastructure, and have the advantage of presenting relatively low hurdles in terms of infrastructure adoption. Because our technology combines the efficient electricity generation of SOFC with the high energy density of liquid fuels, it can enable driving ranges on par with gasoline- powered vehicles. Commercial users that require higher uptime for their vehicles should increasingly be able to take advantage of this solution thanks to the short refueling times it offers. Commercial vehicle electrification We are also advancing the electrification of commercial vehicles to achieve carbon neutrality. History of commercial electric vehicles at Nissan In June 2014, Nissan launched the EV multipurpose commercial van e-NV200 in European countries and Japan. The e-NV200 has power outlets in two locations drawing up to a total of 1,500 W of electricity from the onboard engine for electrical generation, which can be used to secure power on the road during normal operation, on the go in business, for leisure activities, as well as a power source in the event of a disaster. On construction sites, noise problems can be alleviated as there is no need to use an engine- powered generator. In Europe, Nissan is proposing a concept combining comfort and practicality to enhance outdoor activities in winter with the e-NV200 Winter Camper concept making it possible to charge the 220-volt battery using solar panels mounted on the roof. In 2020, the Tokyo Fire Department began using a zero emission EV ambulance based on the NV400. Nissan thinks quiet, low-vibration EV ambulances have strong merits. As this vehicle is also equipped with two lithium-ion batteries providing 33 kWh and 8 kWh, it is possible to operate electrical equipment and air conditioners for longer periods of time. It also enables these ambulances to be used as mobile power sources in the event of a power outage or disaster. In 2022, Nissan pursued quality and functionality with the launch of the Townstar, based on the Renault-Nissan- Mitsubishi Alliance CMF-C platform. The Townstar can flexibly handle delivery operations in urban areas. In 2024, Nissan launched the Clipper EV in Japan. This light commercial van ensures the necessary cargo space and load capacity. It delivers powerful performance unique to electric motor-driven EVs, enabling swift transportation of heavy cargo. Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 038

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 038
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system
[TABLE] Note
[TABLE] e-POWER : 1.2 liters
Base model : 1.2 liters
[TABLE] Serena
[TABLE] e-POWER : 1.4 liters
Base model : 2.0 liters

[PAGE 40]
Nissan will continue to expand its lineup of electric commercial vehicles and promote the manufacture of commercial vehicles with Zero emissions. As a mobile power source, the e-NV200 has a range of business applications. (Production of the e-NV200 has ended.) Zero-emission EV ambulance based on the NV400 *1 Green steel: Low-CO2 blast furnace steel with significantly reduced CO2 emissions in the blast furnace process *2 Green aluminum: Aluminum that is electrolytically smelted using only electricity generated by solar power and other renewable energy sources, thereby reducing CO2 emissions during aluminum ingot production by approximately 50%. *3 Mass balance approach: Within the product manufacturing process, this is a method for assigning characteristics to parts of a product when raw materials with certain characteristics (e.g. low-CO2 products) and raw materials without said characteristics are mixed, depending on the amount of raw materials with said characteristics. The CO2 emission reduction effect is concentrated in specific steel materials. *4 Closed-loop recycling: The reuse of aluminum or steel sheet scraps generated during manufacturing as materials with same quality and reuse in similar products. Click here for more information on aluminum recycling. >>> P052 Efforts to reduce CO2 emissions during parts manufacturing through use of green steel and green aluminum Since approximately 60% of a vehicle’s weight is made up of steel parts and around 10% of its weight is made up of aluminum parts, the use of green steel and green aluminum is a very effective way to reduce CO2 emissions during parts manufacturing, which is part of the vehicle’s life cycle. In collaboration with Kobe Steel, Ltd., Nissan has been utilizing green steel*1 and green aluminum*2 for Nissan vehicles since January 2023, which not only contributes to the significant CO2 emission reductions during manufacturing, but also maintains the same level of high quality as conventional products. The adoption of steel materials that achieve a 100% reduction in CO2 emissions during the manufacturing process using the mass balance approach*3 is a first for mass-produced vehicles and will be gradually implemented across Nissan’s lineup. In addition, we will further reduce CO2 emissions during manufacturing by promoting closed-loop recycling*4, which also utilizes recycled materials generated at Nissan production sites. Green steel Concentration in specific steel materials to reduce CO2 Direct reduced iron Iron ore Natural gas Blast furnace Iron ore Coke Green steel : Mass balance approach Aluminum sheet Extrusion etc. Electricity from renewable energy Green aluminum ingots Expanded material manufacturing process Bauxite mining Smelting Alumina production Green aluminum Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 039

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 039
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system

[PAGE 41]
2. Utilizes reusable energy during charging Launch of 100% renewable energy EV charging service at Nissan dealerships and other facilities As part of our efforts to create a zero-emissions society utilizing EVs, 100% of the electricity used for quick charging at Nissan dealers in Japan and Nissan facilities has come from renewable energy sources since September 2023.*1 *1 When quick charging using the Nissan Zero Emission Support Program 3 (ZESP3), a charging support program for owners of electric vehicles (Evs). Click here for more information on 100% renewable energy EV charging service at Nissan dealerships and other facilities. (Japanese only) https://www.nissan.co.jp/EV/CHARGE_SUPPORT/ZESP3/renewable_energy.html Providing virtually 100% renewable electricity to employees Since 2019, some Nissan dealers in Japan have been selling virtually 100% renewable electricity on behalf of electric power companies to encourage EV users to charge at home. We are actively engaged in conducting various demonstration experiments for the utilization of EVs in collaboration with electric power companies. This includes exploring the potential use of EVs in social energy management, such as establishing a business model that leverages the large-capacity batteries installed in vehicles to maximize the utilization of renewable energy resources. From the beginning of fiscal 2022, we began providing Nissan employees residing in the Kanto area with electricity derived from virtually 100% renewable electricity . This initiative is a step to decarbonization taken by Nissan as an EV pioneer, not only producing and selling EVs, but also throughout product lifecycle. We are committed to work with everyone toward the realization of carbon neutrality through a wide range of activities. 3. Collaboration with energy infrastructure Energy ecosystem utilizing EVs Nissan energy: Renewal of solutions that enrich life and society with EVs In addition to manufacturing and selling EVs, Nissan is promoting the development of Nissan Energy, a solution that provides customers a more fulfilling life with EVs. Nissan EV ecosystem was established by combining these two activities. Nissan Energy is offered in the following three areas: ・ Expansion of charging solutions ・ Energy management utilizing electric vehicles ・ Promotion of 4R for second-life use for lithium batteries Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 040

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 040
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system

[PAGE 42]
Expansion of charging solutions Various electric charging solutions are provided to enable customers to enjoy safe and convenient lifestyles with EVs. Charging at home is the most convenient charging method, as it is completed while the car is parked at home. For safe charging at home, Nissan selects and mediates companies that install dedicated EV outlets and chargers for charging at home. For both the Nissan LEAF, which has a cruising range sufficient for everyday use, and the Nissan Ariya, in which occupants can enjoy long-distance trips, drivers can further enjoy their trips to distant places with peace of mind by utilizing the expanding network of public charging stations. Nissan app provides a convenient and seamless charging experience by offering features such as locating and monitoring the availability of public charging stations, route planning with consideration of charging locations, and the payments of charging fees. Further, we have adopted more user-friendly standards for public charging stations in consideration of both customer charging behaviors and targeted EV models in each region. In the United States, beginning in model year 2025, we have made the Nissan Ariya compatible with NACS, which is the Tesla charging standard and has the highest number of quick-charging stations in the network. We also offer charging experiences tailored to the needs of customers in Europe and Japan. Energy management utilizing electric vehicles The electricity stored in a Nissan EV’s battery can do more than just power a vehicle; it can be shared with homes, buildings, and local communities through bi-directional chargers. Using inexpensive electricity in the evening during off-peak periods and excess electricity generated by solar panels during daytime reduces electricity costs and helps promote a model of local generation of electricity for local consumption. In Japan, EVs also provide backup power during blackouts or emergencies. Local communities can connect multiple EVs to regional powergrids to charge or discharge electricity in accordance with power supply and demand balance, which contributes to the stability of a community’s power supply and promotes renewable energy use. EVs with high-capacity batteries are expected to play a significant social infrastructure role by storing renewable energy such as solar power which power generation is difficult to control. Nissan Energy Share x Hiroshima University Hiroshima University and Nissan will begin a large-scale energy management program on the Hiroshima University campus utilizing Nissan EVs. The program will support Hiroshima University in realizing a carbon neutral smart campus through the adoption of 100% EVs and the local production and consumption of 100% renewable electricity through energy management. The introduction of Nissan Energy Share is the first case study conducted by the Hiroshima University Smart City Co-Creation Consortium. Each party will continue to work together closely to expand the Hiroshima University model across Japan and achieve true carbon neutrality. V2X Nissan’s Vehicle-to-X (V2X) is a technology that efficiently utilizes the electrical energy stored in the batteries of electric vehicles by extracting and sharing it with homes, buildings, and society via bi- directional chargers. Renewable energy sources, such as solar and wind power, are essential to realize carbon neutrality. However, power generation from these sources fluctuates depending on weather conditions, which can lead to surplus or shortage of electricity supply in relation to demand. Maintaining a stable supply and demand balance thus presents a challenge. V2X technology enables the absorption of power fluctuations generated from renewable energy sources by charging and discharging them to EV batteries. The value and potential of V2X is expanding through the stable utilization of valuable renewable energy, the promotion of renewable energy introduction, and usage as a backup power source during disasters, etc.. Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 041

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 041
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system

[PAGE 43]
Promotion of 4R for second-life use for lithium batteries Nissan EV batteries offer high performance even after being used in cars. As more and more customers switch to EVs, the supply of batteries capable of secondary use is expected to increase significantly. In 2010, Nissan, as an EV pioneer, joined forces with Sumitomo Corporation and established 4R Energy Corporation, which specializes in secondary use of lithium- ion batteries. The intention is to promote the four Rs of lithium-ion batteries ̶ reuse, resell, refabricate, and recycle ̶ and establish a battery circular system which will enable the efficient use of resources. Circular system realized with used EV batteries The market for used batteries will expand with the spread of EVs and their utilization will become an issue in the future. To solve this issue, 4R Energy Corporation has promoted the development of technologies for the reuse of used batteries at its plant in the town of Namie, Fukushima Prefecture. Used batteries collected from the market are sorted according to their condition and performance and supplied to various secondary users. Through these activites, we are building a business model to return value to customers, such as increasing the residual values of EVs based on the value of reused batteries. Expanding this model into a business and further reducing the hurdles to EV ownership for customers will lead to the further spread of electric vehicles. *1 PZEV: Certification set by the California Air Resources Board *2 U-LEV: Vehicle that produces 75% less nitrogen oxide (NOx) and nonmethane hydrocarbon (NMHC) than the 2000 emission standards level in Japan. *3 NMVOC:Non-Methane Volatile Organic Compounds *4 PM:Particulate Matter 4. Addressing all forms of emissions Addressing emissions Promoting zero-emission vehicles EVs such as the Nissan LEAF, which has cumulative global sales of approximately 680,000 units (as of the end of March 2024), are an effective tool for reducing air pollution in urban areas. As a leader in this field, we are promoting zero-emission mobility and infrastructure construction in partnership with national and local governments, electric power companies, and other industries. Enhancing internal combustion engines We have proactively set voluntary standards and emission reduction targets for internal combustion engines. With the ultimate goal of making automotive emissions as clean as the atmosphere itself, we have developed a wide range of technologies and achieved the results listed below through cleaner combustion technologies, catalysts for purifying emissions, and countermeasures against gas vapors from gasoline tanks. ・ Sentra CA (released in the U.S.A. in January 2000): The world’s first gasoline-powered vehicle that satisfied all the exhaust gas requirements set by the California Air Resources Board to receive Partial Zero Emissions Vehicle (PZEV)*1 certification. ・ Bluebird Sylphy (released in Japan in August 2000): The first passenger vehicle made in Japan to achieve Ultra-Low Emission Vehicle (U-LEV)*2 certification. We will continue our efforts to ensure cleaner exhaust emissions from internal combustion engines. Lifecycle improvements beyond climate change Nissan is expanding the scope of lifecycle assessment (LCA) to not only greenhouse gases but also a variety of chemicals. Our calculations show that the new Qashqai achieves emission reductions of 5-20% for all targeted chemical substances and reduces environmental impacts throughout its life cycle compared with the previous model. New Qashqai lifecycle assessment (LCA) Production in EU, 150,000 km driven in EU. Previous model New Qashqai 100% 80% 60% 40% 20% 0% CO2 CH4 N2O NOx SO2 PM*4 NMVOC*3 81% 82% 81% 89% 94% 87% 95% Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 042

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 042
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system

[PAGE 44]
Compliance with air quality emissions regulations (Passenger cars only) Nissan not only works to develop and promote zero-emission EVs but continues to promote cleaner exhaust emissions from all of its engines. For example, the Qashqai released in Europe in October 2018 has a fuel-efficient 1.3-liter turbo gasoline engine fitted with a particulate filter that meets the Euro 6d-Temp emissions standard. In Japan, our product with electrification technology, e-POWER has achieved a 75% reduction in exhaust emissions from 2018 standards and improved fuel economy. As part of these efforts, our compliance with air quality emissions regulations goes far beyond current legal requirements to meet more stringent specifications. The following table shows the status of compliance with emissions regulations by region. Compliance with exhaust emissions regulations (By region) *1 (FY) Country/Region Standard 2023 Japan 50% lower than 2018 standard 89% Europe Euro 6d 100% U.S.A. U-LEV / SULEV / ZEV 100% China National 6 100% Addressing emissions other than vehicle exhaust In consideration of impacts on people and nature, Nissan is broadening its efforts to address vehicle emissions beyond exhaust emissions to include wear from brakes, tires, and various other sources. *1 Passenger cars only. *2 Results were verified using specific bacteria and usage environments, and are not guaranteed to be effective against all bacteria. *3 VOCs: Organic chemicals that readily evaporate and become gaseous under normal temperature and pressure conditions. EVs use regenerative braking to charge their battery with electricity generated, thereby reducing wasted energy and improving electricity efficiency. This also reduces brake wear, contributing to improved air quality as well as climate change mitigation. As the next proposed European exhaust emission regulation, Euro 7, will regulate particulate emissions from brake wear etc.. Nissan has begun exploring technologies to address this issue. Improving in-cabin air quality Under the circumstances of widespread advanced driver assistance systems and the development of fully autonomous driving technologies, it is expected that drivers will spend more time in their vehicles, making it even more important for that space to be pleasant and safe. Nissan conducted research and development aimed at cleaner vehicle emissions and made efforts to improve the cabin environment, including better air quality, to enhance comfort. As part of these efforts, starting with specification enhancements in April 2021 for the Nissan LEAF, several vehicle model interiors are equipped with materials providing verified*2 antibacterial properties. As part of our continued efforts to reduce volatile organic compounds (VOCs)*3 such as formaldehyde and toluene, Nissan is further reviewing materials for seats, door trims, floor carpets, and other parts as well as adhesives. Having voluntarily set more stringent standards globally than those of any country’s government and automotive industry body regulations, we have applied them to all new vehicles introduced to the market from July 2007 onward. Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 043

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 043
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system
[TABLE] (FY)
[TABLE] Country/Region | Standard | 2023
[TABLE] Japan | 50% lower than 2018
standard | 89%
[TABLE] Europe | Euro 6d | 100%
[TABLE] U.S.A. | U-LEV / SULEV / ZEV | 100%
[TABLE] China | National 6 | 100%

[PAGE 45]
Corporate activities In our corporate activities, including production, logistics, offices, and dealerships, we promote various activities. In terms of manufacturing, we have announced the concept Nissan Intelligent Factory for the next generation of vehicle manufacturing and are making progress in our efforts towards carbon neutrality. Furthermore, we are promoting initiatives throughout our corporate activities, such as optimizing logistics, promoting the use of renewable energy in offices and dealerships, and striving for overall efficiency. Nissan is also developing a system to efficiently and sustainably utilize resources and energy throughout entire life cycles, embracing the perspective of a circular economy. Through initiatives involving the circular economy and energy conservation, we strive to efficiently and sustainably utilize resources and energy while minimizing usage and emissions. In fiscal 2008, we added “environment” to the range kaizen issues addressed by quality control (QC) circles.*1 In addition, Nissan incorporates environmental improvement activities into employees’ annual goals and evaluates them based on the degree of achievement. To ensure that every employee takes proactive actions towards environmental issues, evaluation systems are implemented for employees at global sites. This encourages and incentivizes employees to actively contribute to environmental initiatives. *1 Quality control (QC) circle: Improvement activities to enhance quality control *2 The boundary has been changed to align with the financial consolidation group.The figures for fiscal 2022 have been retroactively revised to reflect this change. (Previous boundary: Nissan Motor Co., Ltd., consolidated subsidiaries and some of its affiliates accounted for by the equity method. Revised boundary: Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. and consolidated subsidiaries) *3 Please refer to the data book for the past 5-year historical trends >>> P148 *4 Due to some differences in the categorization from previous fiscal years, changes have been made starting from the fiscal 2023 by reclassifying a portion of Scope1 to Scope2. The impact of this change for the fiscal 2023 resulted in a decrease of 78 thousand tons of CO2 emissions in Scope1 and an increase of 78 thousand tons of CO2 in Scope2. *5 GHG emissions from Nissan bases in Japan, calculated based on the Act on Promotion of Global Warming Countermeasures. *6 CO2 emissions per vehicle produced in the NGP management scope Efforts toward carbon neutrality Efforts toward CO2 emission reduction through efficient energy use We is promoting activities aimed at achieving carbon neutrality by 2050 in our corporate activities. Nissan’s first priority will be the minimization of energy consumption through energy measurement and energy conservation activities. In addition, we will make maximum efforts to transition to electrification, and replace them with carbon-free energy. We will also promote technological development to create further opportunities. Carbon footprint of corporate activities*2 In fiscal 2023, the total of Scope 1 and 2 emissions of our global corporate activities was 1,727 thousand tons ★(Scope 1 emissions: 462 thousand tons ★; Scope 2 emissions: 1,266 thousand tons ★), a 3% decrease from 1,772 thousand tons in fiscal 2022.*3 CO2 emissions result (kt-CO2) Scope 2022 2023*4 Scope 1 585 462★ Scope 2 1,187 1,266★ Scope 1 + 2 1,772 1,727★ Japan 994 980 North America 502 501 Europe 81 86 Other 195 161 Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions other than energy-derived CO2*5 (FY) By type Unit 2022 2023 CH4 (methane) t-CO2e 5,054 5,705 N2O (nitrous oxide) t-CO2e 1,071 1,801 HFCs (hydrofluorocarbons) t-CO2e 1,878 148 PFCs (perfluorocarbons) t-CO2e 0 0 SF6 (sulfur hexafluoride) t-CO2e 43 128 NF3 (nitrogen trifluoride) t-CO2e 0 0 Manufacturing activities Manufacturing CO2 per vehicle produced*6 In fiscal 2023, our manufacturing CO2 emissions per vehicle produced were 0.48 tons, 0.5% less than fiscal 2018. 0.8 0.6 0.4 0.2 0.0 0.49 2018 2023 0.48 (t-CO2/vehicle) (FY) 2021 2022 0.52 0.56 0.52 2020 ★ This figure is subject to assurance by KPMG AZSA Sustainability Co., Ltd. For details, please see here. >>> P061 Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 044

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 044
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system
[TABLE] By type | Unit | 2022 | 2023
[TABLE] CH4 (methane) | t-CO₂e | 5,054 | 5,705
[TABLE] N2O (nitrous oxide) | t-CO₂e | 1,071 | 1,801
[TABLE] HFCs (hydrofluorocarbons) | t-CO₂e | 1,878 | 148
[TABLE] PFCs (perfluorocarbons) | t-CO₂e | 0 | 0
[TABLE] SF6 (sulfur hexafluoride) | t-CO₂e | 43 | 128
[TABLE] NF3 (nitrogen trifluoride) | t-CO₂e | 0 | 0
[TABLE] Scope | 2022 | 2023*4
[TABLE] Scope 1 | 585 | 462★
[TABLE] Scope 2 | 1,187 | 1,266★
[TABLE] Scope 1 + 2 | 1,772 | 1,727★
[TABLE] Japan | 994 | 980
[TABLE] North America | 502 | 501
[TABLE] Europe | 81 | 86
[TABLE] Other | 195 | 161

[PAGE 46]
Carbon neutrality roadmap at production plants Nissan is promoting activities aimed at achieving carbon neutrality at its plants, with the goal of achieving this by the 2050 life cycle. In October 2021, we announced a roadmap to achieve carbon neutrality in 2050 at our plants to steadily promote initiatives to achieve this goal.*1 2018-2030 Energy reduction, electrification of some equipment and tools Introduction of renewable energy, partial application of alternative energy power generation 2030-2050 Full electrification of plant equipment Full application of renewable / alternative energy power generation 2018 2030 2050 Boiler Gas/fuel Gas/fuel Gas/fuel company Compressor Cogeneration Air Air Electricity Electricity Compressor Zero CO2 Zero CO2 Steam Boiler Steam Generator SOFC LB Alternative energy Generator SOFC LB Alternative energy *1 Click here for more information on our roadmap for carbon neutrality at production plants. https://global.nissannews.com/en/releases/release-c252360e116720126985295f9d7480af-new-nissan-intelligent-factory-opens-in-tochigi *2 Click here for more information on the Nissan Intelligent Factory. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/INNOVATION/TECHNOLOGY/ARCHIVE/NIF/ Click here for more information on a next-generation vehicle manufacturing concept. (Japanese only) https://global.nissannews.com/ja-JP/releases/191128-02-j By 2030: We will first promote the introduction of innovative production technologies and electrification while reducing energy consumption in plants. Following this, we plan to introduce renewable energy and expand the application of alternative energy. 2030-2050: Toward 2050, our goal is to fully electrify plant equipment that operate under various forms of power, including gas and steam. At the same adopting time, we are striving to achieve carbon neutrality at our plants by fully adopting electricity generated in-house by fuel cells that use renewable energy and alternative fuels. Aiming to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050 through innovation in production technology Nissan Intelligent Factory, our next-generation vehicle manufacturing concept*2 Nissan announced its Nissan Intelligent Factory concept for the next generation of vehicle manufacturing as the advancement of Nissan Intelligent Mobility such as electrification and intelligence accelerates. As the functions and structures of cars become more complex, and further technological innovation becomes essential in the production process. The pillar of Nissan Intelligent Factory, the Zero Emission Production System, promotes activities based on the carbon neutrality roadmap at production plants. Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 045

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 045
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system
[TABLE] 2018
[TABLE] 2030
[TABLE] 2050
[TABLE] ernative
nergy

[PAGE 47]
Key initiatives toward carbon neutrality by 2050 at production plants 1. Global energy-saving activities (adoption of new technologies, improved processes) Most CO2 emissions in the manufacturing process come from the consumption of energy generated by fossil fuels. We engage in a variety of energy-saving activities in the manufacturing process in pursuit of the lowest energy consumption and CO2 emissions among automakers. Initiatives in automotive production technology In the realm of automotive production technology, we are introducing highly efficient equipment and improving manufacturing techniques. Other key approaches are the three-wet paint process and low-temperature baking technology used for vehicle painting, which enable the body and bumpers to be painted at the same time. Approximately 30% of CO2 emitted from manufacturing plants comes from the painting process, thus shortening or eliminating processes and lowering temperatures during the process will lead to a reduction in CO2 emissions. The low-temperature three-wet painting technology introduced by Nissan enables the body and bumpers, which were previously painted separately, to be painted at the same time, reducing CO2 emissions from the painting process by 25% or more.*1 Nissan has implemented this technology in the new production line at the Tochigi Plant in the Nissan Intelligent Factory (launched in 2021) and will gradually expand its roll out as painting facilities become more sophisticated in the future. Also, systems for recycling air expelled from booths for reuse needed dehumidifying processing to ensure that the air was at the humidity required. Dry paint booths can reuse air without dehumidifying it, reducing energy consumption to less than half its previous levels. *1 Source: Nissan This technology was adopted for the dry paint booths at our Sunderland Plant in the U.K. (operating since September 2018). CO2 emissions have been reduced by simultaneously painting the body and bumpers using a new technology and consolidating them into one process (right) and drying at a low temperature (85°C) instead of the conventional two-step process (left). Simultaneous Painting of Body and Bumpers Painting process Baking process Painting process Baking process Body paint baked at 140°C Bumper paint baked at 85°C Baked at 85°C Body + bumper painted simultaneously Initiatives in the field of powertrain production technology In powertrain production technology, Nissan is working to reduce energy usage in holding furnaces during the cast iron melting processes carried out by the Casting Division. In the conventional melting process, two holding furnaces were used to store two types of cast iron melts with adjusted carbon and sulfur component content. Now, intermediate molten metal with a low carbon and sulfur content is stored in one holding furnace. When transporting from the holding furnace to another process, the ingredients are adjusted by adding additive materials, creating two types of molten metal and making it possible to eliminate one holding furnace. As a result, power consumption was reduced by approximately 3,600 MWh per year (CO2 conversion: Approximately 1,700 tons per year; oil conversion amount: Approximately 900 kiloliters per year). This change in the melting process has reduced power consumption at the cast iron factory in the Tochigi Plant by approximately 11%. In light of this achievement, Nissan won the Agency for Natural Resources and Energy Award in the Small Group Activities category at the Energy Conservation Grand Prize Awards for fiscal 2019, sponsored by The Energy Conservation Center, Japan (ECCJ). Desulfurization / carburization process Cupola Before Cupola Intermediate molten metal Two kinds of molten metal Gray cast iron Gray cast iron Ductile cast iron Improvement Ductile cast iron Desulfurization process After Holding furnace Holding furnace Holding furnace Adding additives Cast iron melting process Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 046

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 046
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system

[PAGE 48]
Energy-saving activities at Nissan Energy Saving Collaboration (NESCO)*1 To reach our defined objectives for CO2 emissions and energy use, we solicit facility proposals from each global site, preferentially allocating investment based on the potential CO2 emission reductions compared to project costs. In Japan, aging facilities are being transformed into cutting-edge, high-efficiency facilities to improve energy consumption efficiency. In terms of facility operation, meticulous management of lighting and air conditioning systems is carried out to ensure thorough energy consumption control and minimize waste during operations. Our plants use finely controlled lighting and air conditioning for low-energy consumption and low-energy-loss operations. We promote CO2 emission reduction activities and introduced cutting-edge, energy-conserving technology from Japan to our plants worldwide. Our plants globally engage in learning and sharing best practices with each other, while NESCO diagnoses energy loss at plants in the regions where we operate and proposes new energy-saving countermeasures. These proposals amounted to a potential reduction in CO2 emissions of some 42,599 tons*2 in fiscal 2023. When sourcing energy, we consider the balance of CO2 emissions for the entire company alongside renewable energy usage rate and cost, choosing the suppliers best suited for achieving each goal. As a result of these activities, CO2 emissions at production plants in fiscal 2023 amounted to 0.48 tons per vehicle, a reduction of 1.4% from the fiscal 2018 level. *1 Established in Japan in 2003, then in Europe, Mexico, and China in 2013 *2 Source: Nissan Nissan North America receives its 15th ENERGY STAR® Partner of the Year award Nissan North America was selected as ENERGY STAR® Partner of the Year by the U.S.A. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) for its significant contributions to energy efficiency and the transition to a clean energy economy. Additionally, Nissan’s ongoing efforts to improve energy efficiency were recognized with the ENERGY STAR® Sustained Excellence Award, the highest award given, for the 13th consecutive year. 2. Expanded electrification of production facilities Electrification of fossil fuel facilities is indispensable to achieving carbon neutrality. We have initiated the electrification of aluminum melting furnaces and gas heating equipment used for casting. Additionally, we have plans to convert various heat treatment furnaces and cupolas, which currently use coke as fuel, into electric furnaces. These efforts aim to minimize emissions and promote the use of cleaner energy sources in our manufacturing processes. Electrification of compressed air, which has low energy efficiency, is also effective in reducing CO2 emissions. For this reason, we are reducing our compressed air usage by converting air tools in the assembly process to electric tools and migrating from water removal by air blowing to vacuum drying in the machining process. We will continue to expand production facility electrification in these and other ways. ■ Electrification (Aluminum melting ladle heating) Direct gas heating Electrification (Far infrared heater) Current (Cupola) Electrification (Iron casting) Coke Electrification (High-frequency induction furnace) Furnace cover Outlet Coil Yoke Furnace wall electrode Electrification (Tools) Air tool Electric tool Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 047

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 047
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system

[PAGE 49]
3. Promoting renewable energy Nissan takes three approaches to promote the adoption and integration of renewable energy in line with the characteristics of each region: (1) Generating our own renewable energy in company facilities; (2) sourcing clean energy and (3) promoting the introduction of renewable energy through contracts with PPA*1 providers. As an example of the first approach, our Sunderland Plant in the U.K. introduced 10 wind turbines supplying 6.6 MW of power. In fiscal 2023, we updated the wind turbine facilitates. We are continuously exploring ways to enhance power generation efficiency. At our Iwaki Plant, the guest hall for plant visitors is powered by solar energy. By storing surplus electricity in 2nd life Nissan LEAF batteries, the plant both stabilizes the energy supply and uses resources more effectively. Regarding the second approach, Renault Nissan Automotive India Private Limited in India actively uses energy generated from wind power and biomass. In fiscal year 2023, the proportion of renewable energy in the total electricity consumption averaged approximately 73% annually and reached a maximum of 100% on a monthly basis. Under contract with a PPA provider, Dongfeng Nissan Passenger Vehicle Company (DFL) commenced the operation of solar power generation systems at three of its plants in fiscal 2023. The generation capacity of the system at the company’s Huadu Plant is approximately 20MW and those at the Changzhou and Zhengzhou Plants 3MW and 5MW, respectively. Having also accelerated the introduction of solar power generation at its global sites for example, the Sunderland plant in the U.K. and the Tan Chong Motor in Malaysia are both operating 20MW systems. Nissan has steadily installed renewable energy systems. *1 Power Purchase Agreement *2 SOFC (Solid Oxide Fuel Cell) *3 Click here for more information on stationary power generation systems. Solar power generation at the Thailand Plant Solar power generation at the Tan Chong Motor 4. In-house power generation using alternative fuels In 2016, Nissan became the first automotive company in the world to incorporate e-Bio Fuel-Cell technology, a fuel cell system that uses solid oxide fuel cells (SOFC*2) as a vehicular propulsion system. Based on its experience in developing SOFCs for automotive applications, Nissan will apply this technology to stationary power generation systems*3. On March 6, 2024, Nissan announced that it had developed a stationary, bio-ethanol-fueled system capable of high- efficiency power generation and commenced trials at its Tochigi Plant. Moving forward, Nissan aims to improve its power generation capacity through trial operations and work towards full-scale operations starting from 2030. In-house power generation using SOFC and other methods Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 048

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 048
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system

[PAGE 50]
Initiatives in the logistics field Nissan endeavors to achieve carbon neutrality within the 2050 life cycle, with a firm commitment to exploring initiatives in the logistics field. To begin with, we have formulated a roadmap for 2030, laying the foundation for our ongoing activities. To optimize transportation efficiency, we have implemented several measures. These include shortening transportation distances, improving load configurations to reduce volume, and enhancing transportation loading efficiency. We proactively pursue sourcing components as close to our manufacturing plants as feasible, aiming to minimize transportation distances. Additionally, we prioritize the design of parts to enhance transportation efficiency, thereby reducing the number of parts procured per vehicle and subsequently decreasing transportation volume. Collaborative transport partnerships with other companies further promote improved loading ratios. In response to social trends in workstyles, such as driver shortages and shorter working hours, we are constantly reviewing our logistics methods and proactively promoting a modal shift to rail and marine transport. Our company is committed to reducing CO2 emissions in our logistics operations by strengthening collaboration with carriers dedicated to environmental measures, and by introducing environmentally friendly solutions such as LNG- powered vessels, biofuel ships, and electric trucks. In fiscal 2023, CO2 emissions per global vehicle were 0.54 tons, a reduction of 6.4% compared with 2018. CO2 emissions per vehicle transported 0.8 0.6 0.4 0.2 0.0 2018 0.58 0.48 2022 0.52 2020 0.51 2021 0.54 2023 (t-CO2/vehicle) (FY) EV36Zero, an electric vehicle (EV) hub to achieve carbon neutrality Nissan is a pioneer in not only the development and production of EVs, but also in comprehensive efforts to utilize the onboard battery as a storage battery and for secondary use, with the aim of achieving carbon neutrality throughout the entire life cycle of a vehicle. In July 2021, we unveiled EV36Zero as the world’s first hub to create an ecosystem for electric vehicle (EV) manufacturing in order to advance the next phase of the automotive industry together with our partners and achieve carbon neutrality in Europe. ・New-generation Nissan electric crossover to be manufactured at the Nissan Sunderland, U.K. Plant ・AESC will build a new giga-factory for battery with an annual production capacity of 9GWh adjacent to the Nissan Sunderland Plant ・Renewable energy ‘Microgrid’ to deliver 100% clean electricity for the Sunderland Plant ・2nd life EV batteries used as energy storage for ultimate sustainability ・This comprehensive project represents 6,200 jobs at Nissan and at its U.K. suppliers Centered around the plant in Sunderland, U.K., Nissan EV36Zero will supercharge the company’s drive to carbon neutrality and establish a new 360-degree solution for zero-emission mobility. The transformational project has been launched with an initial £1 billion investment by Nissan and its partners AESC and the Sunderland City Council. Comprised of three interconnected initiatives, Nissan EV36Zero brings together EVs, renewable energy and battery production, setting a blueprint for the future of the automotive industry. The experience and knowhow gained through the project will be shared globally, enhancing Nissan’s global competitiveness. Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 049

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 049
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system

[PAGE 51]
CO2 emissions from Logistics In fiscal 2023, CO2 emissions from logistics were 1,981k-tons. (FY) Unit 2022 2023 Total*1,2 t-CO2 1,590,741 1,981,139 Inbound*3 t-CO2 408 ,443 552,112 Outbound*4 t-CO2 1,182,298 1,429,027 Sea % 35.1 37.0 Road % 58.3 57.3 Rail % 3.4 3.1 Air % 3.1 2.6 Office initiatives Nissan promotes efforts to reduce CO2 emissions at Nissan offices in Japan, North America, Europe, and China. In Japan, through Nissan Trading, we operate the Nissan Power Producers and Suppliers (PPS) scheme, sourcing clean energy for which CO2 emissions and costs have been taken into account through Japan’s PPS system. Nissan Energy Saving Collaboration (NESCO) teams contribute to reducing emissions in the Nissan Technical Center in Atsugi. Our efforts for environment go beyond just CO2 management. Employees are encouraged to use online meeting tools as much as possible to reduce the number of business trips required. *1 Due to the change in global emission factors based on GHG Protocol, changes have occurred in the figures since the fiscal year 2018. *2 CO2 emissions include those from transportation of parts to our manufacturing bases and transportation of vehicles from our manufacturing bases to dealerships. *3 “Inbound” includes parts procurement from suppliers and transportation of knockdown parts. *4 “Outbound” includes transportation of complete vehicles and service parts. Click here for more information on the data for the past 5 years. >>>P150 Renewable energy initiatives at Nissan Global Headquarters At our Global Headquarters, we are promoting energy conservation activities through daily improvements that include turning off lights and installing LEDs, as well as reducing CO2 emissions through the introduction of renewable energy. In 2011, we installed a solar power generation system providing approximately 40kW and Nissan LEAF lithium- ion batteries. The electricity generated is stored in batteries housed in the Global Headquarters building, then used for electric vehicle charging systems installed onsite. Surplus power generated is effectively used as electricity for the building. From 2023, approximately 7,000MWh/year of the electricity used at the Global Headquarters has been 100% renewable energy. Green building policy Based on ISO 14001 management processes to evaluate environmental impact, we make it a key task to optimize our buildings during construction or refurbishing to make all our structures greener. Evaluation metrics in this area include environmental footprint, such as CO2 emissions; waste and emissions from construction methods; and the use of hazardous materials and other quality control issues. Furthermore, one performance index for Nissan in Japan is MLIT’s Comprehensive Assessment System for Built Environment Efficiency (CASBEE). Among our current business facilities, our Global Headquarters in the city of Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture, has earned CASBEE’s highest “S” ranking, making it the second Nissan building to do so following the Nissan Advanced Technology Center (NATC) in Atsugi, which is located in the same prefecture. Our Global Headquarters gained a Built Environment Efficiency Rating of 5.6, the highest CASBEE rating for a new structure, making it one of Japan’s greenest office buildings. The building’s use of natural energy sources to reduce its energy usage and its CO2 emissions were evaluated highly, as were its methods of water recycling and its significant reduction in waste produced. Dealership initiatives Nissan promotes efforts to reduce CO2 emissions at dealerships. Our retail outlets also work continually to increase energy efficiency. Many have adopted high efficiency air conditioning, insulation films, ceiling, fans and LED lighting. During renovation work, some outlets have installed lighting systems that make use of natural daylight, as well as insulated roofs. Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 050

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 050
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system
[TABLE] Unit | 2022 | 2023
[TABLE] Total*1,2 | t-CO₂ | 1,590,741 | 1,981,139
[TABLE] Inbound*3 | t-CO₂ | 408 ,443 | 552,112
[TABLE] Outbound*4 | t-CO₂ | 1,182,298 | 1,429,027
[TABLE] Sea | % | 35.1 | 37.0
[TABLE] Road | ％ | 58.3 | 57.3
[TABLE] Rail | ％ | 3.4 | 3.1
[TABLE] Air | ％ | 3.1 | 2.6

[PAGE 52]
In April 2000, we introduced the “Nissan Green Shop” certification system, a proprietary environmental management system based on ISO 14001 certification, to promote energy conservation and other CO2 reduction activities as one of our environmental initiatives. A set of standards has been established enabling CO2 reduction activities to be conducted in accordance with a unified concept based on the Nissan Green Program 2030 (NGP 2030), and specific measures such as reducing electricity consumption and switching to LED lighting have been incorporated into the activity plans of each company. Carbon neutral activities at local dealerships In the Hokuriku region, the Takaoka Interchange branch of the Nissan Satio Toyama dealership located in Toyama Prefecture became first in the region to be designated as a carbon neutral dealership in December 2022, followed by the Toyama Higashi branch in July 2023. In addition to the building’s high thermal insulation, the incorporation of high-efficiency air conditioning and sensor- based lighting controls have enabled the building to achieve a 63% reduction in standard primary energy consumption and obtain ZEB-Ready*1 certification. In addition, solar panels are installed on the roof of an outdoor showroom to generate electricity on-site, and for additional electricity needs, the dealership utilizes the Toyama Mizunosato Denki*2 renewable energy menu from a hydroelectric dam located in Toyama Prefecture, leveraging the value of locally sourcing renewable energy. *1 ZEB (Net Zero Energy Building) A building that aims to achieve a balance of zero in the annual primary energy consumption, while providing a comfortable indoor environment. *2 Toyama Mizunogou Denki A menu of renewable electricity that utilizes the electricity generated from the Toyama Prefecture-owned hydroelectric power plants and its environmental value. This electricity has high added value, including not only the environmental value of zero carbon dioxide emissions associated with electricity usage but also the specified power source value derived from hydroelectric power plants and the local value of being produced in Toyama Prefecture. *3 V2H (Vehicle-to-Home) A system that allows EVs to supply electricity to buildings by drawing power from them. During power outages caused by disasters or other events, this system enables the use of lighting, outlets, and other electrical devices in offices, conference rooms, and other locations by supplying power from EVs. Through these efforts, we are realizing carbon neutral dealerships that both conserve and create energy. Nissan Satio Toyama will promote Electrify Japan Blue Switch Program activities to resolve local issues using electric vehicles and V2H,*3 contribute to the realization of carbon neutrality in Toyama Prefecture centered on these key dealerships, while further promoting the spread of electric vehicles and trains. Quick charger (QC) Solar power generation panel During steady-state During power outages Cubicle High-voltage power receiving equipment Solar power generation monitor V2H*3 (Vehicle to Home) Emergency outlets Outlets that can be used even during power outages. Reduce Generate ZEB ( ) Net Zero Emission Building Toyama Mizunosato Denki (Hydroelectric) Energy-saving Energy- generation Energy needed in conventional buildings Net Zero CO2 emissions Energy used in ZEB Energy generated by ZEB Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 051

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 051
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system

[PAGE 53]
The Nissan circular economy (resource circularity and mobility usage) Nissan promotes the efficient and sustainable use of resources for vehicles as well as their maximum utilization. Circular economy Resource circularity with less energy Maximizing vehicle use Recycle Rebuild Reuse Repair Design Purchase Manufacturing Connected Beyond mobility Resource circularity with less energy Initiatives to expand use of recycled materials (ferrous and nonferrous metals) In fiscal 2023, ferrous metals accounted for 61% of the materials used in our automobiles by weight. Nonferrous metals made up another 15% and resins 13%, with miscellaneous materials making up the final 11%. To further reduce our use of natural resources, we are advancing initiatives to expand the use of recycled materials in each of these categories. We are taking steps to reduce the steel and aluminum scrap left over in the manufacturing process, and working globally with business partners to collect and reuse this scrap as material for new vehicles through closed-loop recycling initiatives. *1 These R&D projects are undertaken as part of our recycling optimization support business, using surplus money from recycling fees deposited for three specified components (refrigerant, airbags, ASR) based on Japan’s End-of-Life Vehicle Recycling Law. Click here for more information on the implementation of Nissan’s project to advance recycling (Japanese only). https://www.nissan-global.com/JP/SUSTAINABILITY/ENVIRONMENT/A_RECYCLE/R_FEE/SAISHIGEN Currently, at Nissan Motor Kyushu and plants in North America and Europe, where X-Trail, Rogue and Qashqai are manufactured, we are collaborating with aluminum manufacturers to adopt a closed-loop recycling process that recycles aluminum scraps generated during manufacturing into aluminum alloy sheets for automobiles. The sorting and collecting of scrap in this process control impurities, realizing horizontal recycling without quality deterioration, which contributes to reductions in the amount of newly mined resources (aluminum ingots) used. Aluminum road wheel scrap generated from end-of-life vehicles (ELVs) and the market are also used for suspension parts after sorting Closed-loop recycling of aluminum and removing impurities and making them compliant with Nissan’s quality standards. We aim to achieve closed- loop recycling for ELV aluminum doors and the like, which are being promoted to reduce weight. We aim to improve the accuracy of aluminum sorting through research and development as “advanced sorting of automotive aluminum panels”.*1 We then control the composition to secure the necessary formability for aluminum panels, after innovating the shredding method to improve the accuracy of aluminum sorting, and aim to achieve closed-loop recycling rather than the conventional cascade recycling method. Horizontal recycling of aluminum Collection and sorting of aluminum wheels scraps Melting and casting (Yokohama and Tochigi Plant) Suspension part (Skyline etc.) Upgrade recycling of Aluminum Outer side Inner side Aluminum hood from ELV (5000 series + 6000 series + steel) Shredding Sorting High quality sorting Recycling Mixed scrap Sorted scrap 5000 series Fe 6000 series Fe 6000 series aluminum sheet 5000 series aluminum sheet Advanced sorting of aluminum LIBS Air nozzle LIBS laser cleaning laser 3D sensor Developed product Scratch on the coating steel Recycling scrap aluminum saves more than 90% of the energy that would be needed to produce metal with comparable quality from raw materials. Scrap material is shredded and collected through a pneumatic conveying system. Aluminum grades separation process Aluminum sheets The scrap is made into aluminum alloy sheets. It’s then redelivered to Nissan for use in Rogue production. Press process The hood and doors are stamped from aluminum alloy. New Rogue Nissan separates the different grades of aluminum in order to ensure high-quality scrap is collected and returned to suppliers. Different grades of aluminum are used for different parts of the car. The separated and reprocessed aluminum scrap is delivered to the aluminum suppliers. Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 052

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 052
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system
[TABLE] Collection and sorting
of aluminum wheels
scraps | Suspension part
higi (Skyline etc.)
[TABLE] Collection and sorting
of aluminum wheels
scraps | Melting and casting
(Yokohama and Toc
Plant) | Suspension part
higi (Skyline etc.)
[TABLE] Scratch on
the coating
[TABLE] Advance
sorting | cl
LI
Ai
d | e
B
r

[PAGE 54]
Initiatives to expand use of recycled materials (resins) In addition to our initiatives to expand the use of recycled steel and aluminum, Nissan also strives to use more recycled resins. After resin materials are manufactured from crude oil and residue resin parts are applied to vehicles and scrapped, most resin parts are collected as automotive shredder (ASR) and used as energy in the form of thermal recovery. Compared with conventional materials, recycled resin can reduce the amount of CO2 generated during material production, contributing significantly to effective resource use and waste reduction. Closed-loop recycling of resins End-of-life vehicle recovery/disassembly Reuse and sale Incineration Collected parts Crushed resin (PP) Crushing/ Sorting Sorting Sorting ASR (PP/PE) ASR (MIX) Low quality High quality Scrap quality Crude oil Resin materials Naphtha monomer Vehicles “Maximum CO2 reduction” Material recycling Full resource utilization Chemical recycling Bio-materials *1 These R&D projects are undertaken as part of our recycling optimization support using surplus money from recycling fees deposited for three specified components (refrigerant, airbags, ASR) based on Japan’s End-of-Life Vehicle Recycling Law. Click here for more information on the implementation of Nissan’s project to advance recycling (Japanese only). https://www.nissan-global.com/JP/SUSTAINABILITY/ENVIRONMENT/A_RECYCLE/R_FEE/SAISHIGEN Nissan is promoting R&D into material and chemical recycled resins to establish a circular economy for resin materials. As a material recycling initiative, our Oppama Plant and Dongfeng Motor Co., Ltd. (DFL), our joint venture in China, are recycling painted bumpers generated at the plants. These are utilized as materials for new car bumpers or after- sales service bumpers. Additionally, replaced bumpers collected from dealerships are being recycled as materials used in undercovers and for other components. We collected and recycled approximately 89,000 bumpers in fiscal 2023, representing 56% of bumpers removed at Japanese dealerships. Furthermore, 30% of the ASR processed at dedicated processing plants is made from resins. To utilize these resins in automobiles, we are running a number of R&D projects on topics, such as optimizing the recycling process for resins recovered from ASR, and the chemical recycling of auto waste plastic.*1 Recycling of resin materials Shredded bumper products (with coating) Products with coating removed Recycled resin material Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 053

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 053
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system

[PAGE 55]
End-of-life vehicle recycling Nissan considers the three Rs ̶reduce, reuse, and recycle ̶from the design stage for new vehicles. Since fiscal 2005, all new models launched in the Japanese and European markets have achieved a 95% or greater recyclability rate.*1 We have also joined forces with other automotive companies to promote the recycling of ELVs through dismantling and shredding. Based on Japan’s End-of-Life Vehicle Recycling Law, Nissan has achieved at least 95% effective recycling rate of ELVs in Japan since fiscal 2005. In fiscal 2023, we achieved a final recovery ratio for ELVs of 99.4%*2 in Japan, greatly exceeding the target effective recycling rate of 95% set by the Japanese government. Dedicated recycling process 1Dismantle 2Collect specific items 3Shred 4Turn resulting ASR into recycled materials Collect flat steel, cast aluminum, bumpers, interior plastic parts, wire harnesses, and precious metals Collect specific items such as lithium-ion batteries individually Crush residues from the dismantling process and recover metallic portions ELV processing flow *1 Calculated based on 1998 JAMA definition and calculation guidelines (in Japan) and ISO 22628 (in Europe). *2 Based on Nissan research Since 2004, Nissan and 12 other Japanese auto manufacturers have supported ASR recycling facilities, as called for in Japan’s End-of-Life Vehicle Recycling Law, as an integral part of a system to recycle ASR effectively, smoothly, and efficiently. Nissan is taking an important role in this joint undertaking. Additionally, Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association, Inc. (JAMA) established a common scheme for recovering used lithium-ion batteries along with a system for processing these batteries appropriately, and put both into operation in fiscal 2018. We have also established a take-back system for ELVs in Europe. This network of Authorized Treatment Facilities was developed for individual countries in collaboration with contracted dismantlers, contracted service providers, and governments in alignment with a European ELV directive. Recycling process for rare earth elements (REEs) used in electrified vehicle motors Motor is melted REEs are oxidized Recover rare earth elements Separated REEs float to the top and are recovered Motor Carburizing material Pig Iron Fe O Re C Iron oxide REEs Flux Electrified vehicle motor Flux is added Reducing use of scarce resources Permanent magnet motors for EVs, HEVs, and e-POWER use scarce resources called rare earth elements (REEs). Reducing their usage is important because REEs are unevenly distributed around the globe, and the shifting balance of supply and demand leads to price fluctuations. Nissan has continuously reduced the use of heavy REEs, which are the rarest, and in 2020, the Note e-POWER adopted magnets with 85% less heavy REEs compared with 2010. Furthermore, the 2022 Nissan Ariya uses an electrically excited synchronous motor without permanent magnets. For motors that use magnets, we will continue our R&D aimed at eliminating heavy REEs. Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 054

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 054
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system
[TABLE] ①Dismantle | Collect flat steel, cast
aluminum, bumpers, interior
plastic parts, wire harnesses,
and precious metals
[TABLE] ②Collect specific items | Collect specific items such
as lithium-ion batteries
individually
[TABLE] ③Shred | Crush residues from the
dismantling process and

[PAGE 56]
As a new initiative, Nissan is also promoting the development of rare earth metal recovery technologies from drive motor magnets. Previously, the recycling of the magnets used in motors had required multiple processes that included the manual disassembly and removal of the magnets making economic efficiency an issue. Nissan and Waseda University collaborated to establish technologies for recovering REEs in highly pure states through direct dissolution using borate as a flux, eliminating the need to dismantle the motor rotors. Currently, we are conducting trial testing using motors that did not meet our shipping standards to put the new technologies into to practical use around 2030. In these ways, with respect to motors, which are a key technology, Nissan is engaged in developments corresponding to the circular economy concept, from reducing the amount of REEs used to utilizing resources efficiently and sustainably. Rare Earth Usage in Magnets for Drive Motors (%) 100 80 60 40 20 0 LEAF (2010~) LEAF (2012~) NOTE, LEAF, etc. (2016~) NOTE, etc. (2020~) -40% -70% -85% Rare Earth Usage in Magnets for Drive Motors (versus 2010) *1 Click here for more information on chemical substances governance. >>> P023 *2 Not available at some retail outlets. *3 Click here for more information. >>> P040 Proper use of regulated chemical substances Nissan revised its standard for the assessment of hazards and risks, actively applying restrictions to substances not yet covered by regulations but increasingly subject to consideration around the world. As a result, the number of defined chemical substances covered in fiscal 2023 rose to 7,598. These steps are thought to be necessary for future efforts in the repair, reuse, remanufacture, and recycle loop for resources.*1 2019 5,290 2020 5,304 7,593 7,598 2021 2022 2023 The number of defined chemical substances (FY) 10,000 8,000 6,000 4,000 2,000 0 4,069 Expansion of remanufactured parts Parts reclaimed from ELVs and those replaced during repairs include potential parts for recycling. In Japan, we collect these parts and go thorough quality checks to sell them under the Nissan Green Parts initiative. Nissan Green Parts have two categories: remanufactured parts, which are disassembled and have components replaced as needed, and reusable parts,*2 which are cleaned and tested for quality. By further accelerating such Nissan Green Parts initiatives, particularly in Japan, Europe, and North America, Nissan aims to supply parts to customers stably while effectively using limited resources. Alternator Starter motor Air conditioning compressor Example of Nissan Green Parts in Japan Maximizing vehicle use: Mobility and connected services We are also exploring the maximization of vehicle use by employing mobility and connected services.*3 Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 055

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 055
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system
[TABLE] 100
[TABLE] 80
[TABLE] 60
[TABLE] 40
[TABLE] 20

[PAGE 57]
Impacts and dependencies on nature in corporate activities (resources, water and air) Resource dependency: Achievements in waste reduction Thorough measures for waste materials Nissan actively promotes measures based on the 3R (Reduce, Reuse, Recycle) approach in its production processes whenever possible, striving to minimize the waste generated and maximize recycling efficiency by thorough waste sorting. At the end of fiscal 2010, we achieved a 100% recycling rate at all of our manufacturing sites in Japan, including five manufacturing plants, two operation centers, and seven affiliates. Overseas, we have reached 100% recycling rates at plants in India, Brazil, and elsewhere. We are also working to reduce waste at global production factories, including Japan, by reducing packaging materials for imported and exported parts, distributing parts between overseas bases, and repeatedly using plastic and returnable containers.*1 Furthermore, we have optimized parts shape at parts design stage which is called logistics simultaneous activities to reduce the volume of packaging materials used. We also contribute to waste reduction by selecting recyclable materials at the packaging material selection stage and are actively engaged in the development of recycling technologies for carbon fiber-reinforced plastics (CFRP). *1 Returnable containers: Containers for packing parts that can be returned to the sender after parts delivery and used repeatedly. Nissan has adopted a folding structure in consideration of transportation efficiency at the time of return. *2 Regular waste generated from production, maintenance, and issue resolution activities. *3 Waste generated irregularly from activities such as installing new processes, relocating equipment, and dismantling facilities. *4 The total disclosed amount since 2019 is the total amount of regular waste generated from production sites and office sites, excluding *3. *5 Click here for more information on Resource dependency (Facility waste). >>> P153 Promoting recycling with dry paint booths Recycling is also being promoted at the Nissan Intelligent Factory, which began operations in 2021. Conventionally, residual paint in the air during the painting process has been mixed with water and disposed of as waste. By employing dry booths that do not use any water, 100% of the paint mist is collected in the plant and recycled as a substitute for the auxiliary agent used to remove impurities in the iron casting process. BEFOREAFTER ■100% reuse of paint waste through collecting paint mist with powder ■Recycling air in the paint booth reduces energy consumption by 25% Reuse Paint waste is collected in blocks Paint mist collected using dry powder →Highly efficient air recycling process Runoff paint separation system Paint mist Cleaned gas Primary dust layer (pre-coat) Filter bag (dust collector) Secondary dust layer (pre-coat) Air circulation system 23°C/65% Air recycling system High-efficiency air recycling process Water is used to collect paint mist. ↓ Exhaust air is heated and therefore can’t be efficiently recirculated Exhaust Disposal Paint waste Paint waste separation system water Temp:24~26°C Humidity:65~70% External air supply Air circulation system Waste Global regular waste generated from corporate activities in fiscal 2023 amounted to 170,491 tons, waste generated globally from production sites in fiscal 2023 was 171,598 tons ★(regular waste*2:164,947 tons、non-regular waste*3: 6,651 tons ). 5 Regular waste generated from corporate activities (FY) 2022 2023 Total*4,5 157,982 170,491 By region Japan 51,069 57,638 North America 52,007 53,802 Europe 36,577 43,037 Other 18,329 16,015 By treatment method Waste for disposal 8,688 7,746 Recycled 149,293 162,746 (Unit : Tons) ★ This figure is subject to assurance by KPMG AZSA Sustainability Co., Ltd. For details, please see here. >>> P061 Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 056

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Governance | Data | 056
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system
[TABLE] 2022 | 2023
[TABLE] Total*4,5 | 157,982 | 170,491
[TABLE] p：24～26℃
dity：65～70%
[TABLE] water
[TABLE] By region
Japan 51,069 57,638
[TABLE] North America
Europe | 52,007
36,577 | 53,802
43,037
[TABLE] Other | 18,329 | 16,015
[TABLE] By treatment method
[TABLE] Waste for disposal | 8,688 | 7,746
[TABLE] Recycled | 149,293 | 162,746
[TABLE] t layer Filter bag
at) (dust collect
[TABLE] Clegaans

[PAGE 58]
Water-related achievements Reducing water used in corporate activities Nissan views water as a contextual issue, and in areas with a high risk of water stress, Nissan prioritizes efforts aimed at reducing water usage, including wastewater recycling and the effective use of rainwater, while also contributing to the resolution of local water issues. Nissan also strives to manage and reduce water usage at every plant. To reduce water usage, we built reservoirs to collect rainwater at the Chennai Plant in India and the second Aguascalientes Plant in Mexico, and installed wastewater recycling equipment at the Chennai Plant, the Huadu Plant in China, and the Oppama Plant in Japan. In particular, Chennai Plant, which is located in a water basin with valuable water resource, continues its efforts to reduce water usage and is also engaged in the restoration of nearby ponds and lakes. The Plant’s efforts have been recognized as an excellent example of water resource management by the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII). Furthermore, as a result of a rigorous audit by a third-party, the plant obtained the prestigious “Water Positive Certification (Platinum Category)” in February 2024, for its comprehensive water strategy, which includes reducing water usage at the plant and the restoration of nearby ponds and lakes. Our plants are competing among themselves to find new activities for reducing water usage, such as by filtering wastewater from pre-painting processes at Nissan North America (NNA) which improves water quality. We are also working to reduce water usage at Nissan’s Global Headquarters in Yokohama, Japan, by processing rainwater and wastewater from kitchens and other internal sources to be reused for flushing toilets and watering some plants. Chennai Plant, honored by the CII. Water Positive Certification (Platinum Category) CERTIFICATE OF CONFIRMITY This is to certify that RENAULT NISSAN AUTOMOTIVE INDIA PVT. LTD. ORAGADAM, KANCHIPURAM CHENNAI, TAMIL NADU, INDIA - 602105 Water Positive Certification for Facility – Platinum Category Scope: Water Positive Certification scheme developed by DQS India based on ISO 14046, Alliance Water Stewardship Standards & ISO 46001 An audit, conducted and documented in a report, has verified that this management system fulfils the requirements as mentioned above with assessment scores as Water Foot-Print Assessment- 23/25-92% Off-site Impact of Water Stewardship- 130/150- 87% Overall Score- 87.4 Certificate registration no. Data Verification Period: Date of certification Valid until 50258624_WPA_24 Jan-23 to Dec-23 2024-02-26 2025-02-25 DQS India Dr. Murugan Kandasamy CEO & Managing Director Administrative and Certification Partner at India Office: Deutsch Quality Systems (India) Pvt. Ltd., Ground Floor, South Wing, Vaishnavi Tech Park, Sy.No.16/1 and 17/2, Bellandur Gate, Sarjapur Main Road, Ambalipura, Bengaluru – 560102, Karnataka, India Examples of efforts to reduce water usage at manufacturing plants and offices in India In India, where the handling of water resources has a significant impact on people’s lives, our manufacturing plant has installed water treatment facilities using an RO membrane to reduce water usage. After treating domestic wastewater, it is reused as cooling for the manufacturing process and cooling towers. As a result, we are able to reduce consumption by approximately 78,000 kiloliters of water per year, which is equivalent to the amount of water used by about 320,000 households a day. In addition, India is working to revitalize lakes and ponds around its plants with consideration of the use of water in the local communities regarded as important. India completed revitalization of Sitheri Lake in 2020 and committed to revitalizing ten lakes and ponds, including Oragadam lake which is the primary source of water for six villages, in 2023. Dredging and increasing the capacity of lakes and ponds contributes to securing drinking water and sustains biodiversity. Moreover, Nissan Motor India’s service centers provide customers with car wash services using the latest foam car wash technology. This reduces the amount of water used by 45%, from approximately 160 liters to approximately 90 liters per car washed. As well as saving water, the foam car wash service reduces wash time as it does not use strong chemical detergents and improves a car’s gloss by approximately 40%. Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 057

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 057
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system

[PAGE 59]
Water intake for corporate activities In fiscal 2023, water intake for our global corporate activities was 20,034 thousand m3, same level as 20,208 thousand m3 in fiscal 2022. In fiscal 2023, water intake from global production sites was 18,939 thousand m3 ★, the same level as 19,065 thousand m3 in fiscal 2022. (FY) 2022 2023 Total 20,208 20,034 Japan 10,472 10,564 North America 4,235 4,382 Europe 1,270 1,288 Other 4,231 3,799 (Unit : thousand m3) Water discharge from corporate activities The total amount of water discharged in global corporate activities in fiscal 2023 was 13,929 thousand m3, same level as 13,319 thousand m3*1 in fiscal 2022. *1 The figures for fiscal year 2022 have been changed due to an error in calculating the previous fiscal year's figures. *2 Based on GRI 303, total water consumption is total water withdrawn minus total water discharged as calculated by Nissan. *3 VOCs: Organic chemicals that readily evaporate and become gaseous under normal temperature and pressure conditions. Click here for more information on air quality. >>> P156 Nissan thoroughly processes wastewater at its various plants. Wastewater from Mexico plant, is used to maintain landscaping on the sites, with no off-site discharge. We are also strengthening water pollution prevention measures at our Japanese plants. In preparation for unexpected occurrences, such as a discharge of oil, we have attached water quality sensors to the discharge points of wastewater treatment facilities. The discharge of water outside the sites is automatically suspended if water quality problems are detected. In addition, we installed water quality sensors on rainwater drainage outlets which automatically close floodgates in the event of heavy rain. Water consumption in corporate activities The total amount of water consumed in global corporate activities in fiscal 2023 was 6,105 thousand m3, *2 a decrease from 6,889 thousand m3 *1 in fiscal 2022. (FY) 2022 2023 Total 6,889*1 6,105 Japan 1,570 1,188 North America 1,625 1,629 Europe 674 675 Other 3,021*1 2,613 (Unit : thousand m3) Air quality: Achievements Plant emission management In Japan, we have promoted strict countermeasures for emissions of nitrogen oxides (NOx) and sulfur oxides (SOx) as air pollutants. We have lowered NOx and SOx emissions by introducing low-NOx burners in the ovens and boilers that provide heat for painting lines, and by switching the fuel used by those burners from heavy oil and kerosene to alternatives with low SOx emissions. From a carbon-neutral perspective, facilities that use fuel will be increasingly electrified. As a result, emissions from production plants are expected to be further reduced. We will continue to implement appropriate management on an ongoing basis. Reducing VOC from production processes Volatile organic compounds (VOCs),*3 which readily evaporate to become gaseous in the atmosphere, account for approximately 90% of the chemicals generated as the result of our vehicle production processes. Lowering VOC emissions is a challenge that we are working to address. We strive to increase our recovery of cleaning solvents and other chemicals to limit the amounts of these substances emitted from our plants ahead of the implementation of new regulations in each country where we operate, while also advancing planned measures to increase the recycling rate for waste solvents. We are also introducing water-based paint lines that limit VOC emissions to less than 20 grams per square meter of painted surface. We have adopted these lines in the Nissan Motor Kyushu Plant as well as the two plants in Aguascalientes in Mexico, the Resende Plant in Brazil, the Smyrna Plant in the U.S.A., the Huadu Plant in China, and the Sunderland Plant in the U.K. Nissan will continue to manage VOC at manufacturing sites. ★ This figure is subject to assurance by KPMG AZSA Sustainability Co., Ltd. For details, please see here. >>> P061 (FY) 2022 2023 Total 13,319*1 13,929 Japan 8,902 9,376 North America 2,610 2,753 Europe 596 613 Other 1210*1 1,186 (Unit : thousand m3) Quality Chemical oxygen demand (COD) Japan only 24,884 24,811 (Unit:kg) Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 058

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 058
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system
[TABLE] 2022 | 2023
[TABLE] Total | 20,208 | 20,034
[TABLE] Japan | 10,472 | 10,564
[TABLE] North America | 4,235 | 4,382
[TABLE] Europe | 1,270 | 1,288
[TABLE] Other | 4,231 | 3,799
[TABLE] 2022 | 2023
[TABLE] Total | 6,889*1 | 6,105
[TABLE] Japan | 1,570 | 1,188
[TABLE] North America | 1,625 | 1,629
[TABLE] Europe | 674 | 675
[TABLE] Other | 3,021*1 | 2,613
[TABLE] 2022 | 2023
[TABLE] Total | 13,319*1 | 13,929
[TABLE] Japan | 8,902 | 9,376
[TABLE] North America | 2,610 | 2,753
[TABLE] Europe | 596 | 613
[TABLE] Other | 1210*1 | 1,186
[TABLE] Chemical oxygen
demand (COD)
Japan only | 24,884 | 24,811

[PAGE 60]
Collaborations with relevant partners Nissan faces multifaceted risks in continuing its operations, including climate change, the depletion of material and energy resources, and loss of biodiversity. To properly ascertain such environmental risks, it is important to build trust and dialogue with both direct and indirect partners, such as suppliers and other companies, government agencies, and investors, as well as NGO and NPOs. Nissan will reflect the risks identified and opportunities uncovered through such dialogue with its partners in its own business activities. This is aimed at minimizing Nissan’s negative impact on the environment while maximizing its positive impact, thereby achieving a sustainable society and business continuity. Collaborations with suppliers Supplier engagement Nissan promotes environmental impact reduction through engagement with suppliers, such as environmental briefings and the Nissan Green Purchasing Guidelines, in order to make common understandings of Nissan’s supplier environmental philosophy. Furthermore, we initiated environmental data surveys in 2012 to promote activities to reduce environmental impact throughout the value chain. To further strengthen our activities, we have participated in the supply chain program of CDP, an international NPO, since 2014. Through CDP, Nissan requests that selected suppliers, based on factors such as their business volume with Nissan and company size, answer questions about climate change and water. We encourage some suppliers to improve their environmental initiatives based on the surveys. Suppliers’ environmental performance improvement initiatives Nissan Green Purchasing Guidelines 2008 Newly published Nissan Green Purchasing Guidelines as globalized edition 2010 Document edited according to the revised EU regulations for environment-impacting substances (EU REACH Regulation, MSDS report requests) Document edited according to the publication of the Renault-Nissan CSR Guidelines for Suppliers 2011 Document edited, brought into line with NGP2016 2016 Unification of Engineering Standards of Renault and Nissan (RNESB-00027) 2018 Alignment with NGP2022 2019 Mandatory self-diagnostic assessment requirement added 2021 Revised corporate purpose, data submission for LCA, description of CDP survey 2022 Revision of CO2 emission reduction through value chain, technical standard and regulation revision 2024 Alignment with NGP2030 Global supplier environmental data surveys 2012-13 Conducted Nissan’s original survey (CO2, water, waste) From 2014 Participation in the CDP supply chain program (FY2023 response rate Climate change: 82%, Water security: 74%) Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 059

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 059
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system
[TABLE] Nissan Green Purchasing Guidelines
[TABLE] 2008 | Newly published Nissan Green Purchasing
Guidelines as globalized edition
[TABLE] 2010 | Document edited according to the revised EU
regulations for environment-impacting substances
(EU REACH Regulation, MSDS report requests)
Document edited according to the publication of the
Renault-Nissan CSR Guidelines for Suppliers
[TABLE] 2011 | Document edited, brought into line with NGP2016
[TABLE] 2016 | Unification of Engineering Standards of Renault and
Nissan (RNESB-00027)
[TABLE] 2018 | Alignment with NGP2022
[TABLE] 2019 | Mandatory self-diagnostic assessment requirement
added
[TABLE] 2021 | Revised corporate purpose, data submission for
LCA, description of CDP survey
[TABLE] 2022 | Revision of CO₂ emission reduction through value
chain, technical standard and regulation revision
[TABLE] 2024 | Alignment with NGP2030
[TABLE] Global supplier environmental data surveys
[TABLE] 2012-13 | Conducted Nissanʼs original survey (CO₂, water,
waste)
[TABLE] From 2014 | Participation in the CDP supply chain program
(FY2023 response rate Climate change: 82%,
Water security: 74%)

[PAGE 61]
Further alignment with governments and partner companies Since 2006, Nissan has been estimating long-term CO2 reductions based on the latest Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) reports, setting retroactive medium- term goals in the Nissan Green Program, and making efforts to realize a society that is “a Symbiosis of People, Vehicles and Nature” by ensuring these goals are achieved. The Paris Agreement was adopted at COP21 in 2015. At that time, Nissan recognized the importance of the common goals of “holding the increase in the global average temperature to well below 2°C and pursuing efforts to limit the temperature increase to 1.5°C above preindustrial levels,” and reaffirmed the consistency between these goals and Nissan’s long-term vision. In addition to its support for and endorsement of the Paris Agreement, from the IPCC special report Nissan recognized the need to further enhance its vision. In January 2021, Nissan declared the goal of carbon neutrality in 2050 across the product life cycle, including business operations. Nissan announced Nissan Ambition 2030 in November 2021, which includes promoting electrification initiatives that combine ambitious actions. Activities included the creation of an EV ecosystem require collaborations with governments, and a wide range of partners including companies in other industries. In March 2024, under The Arc business plan we announced the global expansion of initiatives such as EV36Zero. As an example of collaboration with the government, Nissan has been participating in the GX League*1 since the beginning of 2022 to expand opportunities for cooperation and enhance the effectiveness of climate change initiatives. *1 Click here for more information on “GX League”. https://gx-league.go.jp/en/ *2 The following text is interpreted and summarized by Nissan We also reviewed the stances of our industry associations on climate change and confirmed that they are in alignment with the direction Nissan should be heading. We will continue to collaborate within the automotive industry through the activities of our industry associations and take on the challenge of becoming carbon neutrality together with our partners. Group Paris Agreement Stance (the source)*2 Nissan Stance Aligned with Paris Agreement Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association (JAMA) • All out to achieve carbon neutrality (CN) in 2050 • CN by 2050 is not achievable without breakthrough technologies, premised on inexpensive and stable CN electricity and requiring strong support incl. policy and financial measures (April 8, 2021: Probing deeper into energy conservation, issues and requests targeting CN in 2050) • JAMA’s goal of CN in 2050 aligned with Paris Agreement goals and Nissan’s vision • CEO Uchida is the JAMA vice chair, Nissan executive officers are subcommittee chairs • Developing fair and equitable LCA evaluations for autos focused on CN, promoting LCA international standardization through its subcommittee • Nissan and JAMA aligned and will continue to cooperate toward CN in 2050 Japanese Business Federation (Keidanren) • Environment is the foundation of business activities and daily life; a sustainable society is the business community’s top concern • Keidanren works with the government toward “CN by 2050” with unwavering determination (December 15, 2020: Toward CN by 2050 (“Society 5.0 with CN”) Determination and Actions of the Business Community) • Confirmed Keidanren’s goal of CN in 2050 is consistent with Paris Agreement and Nissan’s vision • Nissan and Keidanren aligned and will continue to cooperate toward CN in 2050 Alliance for Automotive Innovation (AAI) • Auto industry is poised to target a 40–50% EV ratio by the end of this decade (October 12, 2021: President and CEO John Bozzella) • AAI’s ambitious EV ratio of 40-50% consistent with Nissan’s goal for a 40% EV ratio in U.S.A. by 2030 • Nissan and AAI aligned and will continue to cooperate to achieve these goals Results of reviews of stances at industry organizations of which Nissan is a member Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 060

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 060
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system
[TABLE] Group | Paris Agreement Stance（ the source）*2 | Nissan Stance Aligned with Paris Agreement
[TABLE] Japan Automobile
Manufacturers
Association (JAMA) | • All out to achieve carbon neutrality (CN) in 2050
• CN by 2050 is not achievable without breakthrough
technologies, premised on inexpensive and stable CN
electricity and requiring strong support incl. policy and
financial measures
(April 8, 2021: Probing deeper into energy conservation,
issues and requests targeting CN in 2050) | • JAMAʼs goal of CN in 2050 aligned with Paris Agreement
goals and Nissanʼs vision
• CEO Uchida is the JAMA vice chair, Nissan executive
officers are subcommittee chairs
• Developing fair and equitable LCA evaluations for
autos focused on CN, promoting LCA international
standardization through its subcommittee
• Nissan and JAMA aligned and will continue to cooperate
toward CN in 2050
[TABLE] Japanese Business
Federation
(Keidanren) | • Environment is the foundation of business activities
and daily life; a sustainable society is the business
communityʼs top concern
• Keidanren works with the government toward “CN by
2050” with unwavering determination
(December 15, 2020: Toward CN by 2050 (“Society 5.0
with CN”) Determination and Actions of the Business
Community) | • Confirmed Keidanrenʼs goal of CN in 2050 is consistent
with Paris Agreement and Nissanʼs vision
• Nissan and Keidanren aligned and will continue to
cooperate toward CN in 2050
[TABLE] Alliance for
Automotive
Innovation (AAI) | • Auto industry is poised to target a 40–50% EV ratio by
the end of this decade
(October 12, 2021: President and CEO John Bozzella) | • AAIʼs ambitious EV ratio of 40-50% consistent with
Nissanʼs goal for a 40% EV ratio in U.S.A. by 2030
• Nissan and AAI aligned and will continue to cooperate to
achieve these goals

[PAGE 62]
Third-party assurance Independent Assurance Report To the Representative Executive Officer, President and CEO of Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. We were engaged by Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) to undertake a limited assurance engagement of the environmental performance indicators marked with a star ★ (the “Indicators”) for the period from April 1, 2023 to March 31, 2024 included in its Sustainability data book 2024 (the “Sustainability data book”) for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024. The Company’s Responsibility The Company is responsible for the preparation of the Indicators in accordance with its own reporting criteria (the “Company’s reporting criteria”), as described in the Sustainability data book. Our Responsibility Our responsibility is to express a limited assurance conclusion on the Indicators based on the procedures we have performed. We conducted our engagement in accordance with the ‘International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000, Assurance Engagements other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information’ and the ‘ISAE 3410, Assurance Engagements on Greenhouse Gas Statements’ issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board. The limited assurance engagement consisted of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for the preparation of information presented in the Sustainability data book, and applying analytical and other procedures, and the procedures performed vary in nature from, and are less in extent than for, a reasonable assurance engagement. The level of assurance provided is thus not as high as that provided by a reasonable assurance engagement. Our assurance procedures included:  Interviewing the Company’s responsible personnel to obtain an understanding of its policy for preparing the Sustainability data book and reviewing the Company’s reporting criteria.  Inquiring about the design of the systems and methods used to collect and process the Indicators.  Performing analytical procedures on the Indicators.  Examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the generation, aggregation and reporting of the Indicators in conformity with the Company’s reporting criteria, and recalculating the Indicators.  Visiting Smyrna Vehicle Assembly Plant of Nissan North America, Inc. selected on the basis of a risk analysis.  Evaluating the overall presentation of the Indicators. Conclusion Based on the procedures performed, as described above, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the Indicators in the Sustainability data book are not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the Company’s reporting criteria as described in the Sustainability data book. Our Independence and Quality Management We have complied with the Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants, which includes independence and other requirements founded on fundamental principles of integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due care, confidentiality and professional behavior. In accordance with International Standard on Quality Management 1, we design, implement and operate a system of quality management including policies or procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements. /s/ Kenichiro Sato Kenichiro Sato, Partner KPMG AZSA Sustainability Co., Ltd. Tokyo, Japan July 16, 2024 Notes to the Reader of Independent Assurance Report: This is a copy of the Independent Assurance Report and the original copies are kept separately by the Company and KPMG AZSA Sustainability Co., Ltd. Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 061

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 061
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system
[TABLE] Independent Assurance Report
To the Representative Executive Officer, President and CEO of Nissan Motor Co., Ltd.
We were engaged by Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) to undertake a limited assurance
engagement of the environmental performance indicators marked with a star ★ (the
“Indicators”) for the period from April 1, 2023 to March 31, 2024 included in its Sustainability
data book 2024 (the “Sustainability data book”) for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024.
TThhee CCoommppaannyy’’ss RReessppoonnssiibbiilliittyy
The Company is responsible for the preparation of the Indicators in accordance with its own
reporting criteria (the “Company’s reporting criteria”), as described in the Sustainability data
book.
OOuurr RReessppoonnssiibbiilliittyy
Our responsibility is to express a limited assurance conclusion on the Indicators based on the
procedures we have performed. We conducted our engagement in accordance with the
‘International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000, Assurance Engagements other
than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information’ and the ‘ISAE 3410, Assurance
Engagements on Greenhouse Gas Statements’ issued by the International Auditing and
Assurance Standards Board. The limited assurance engagement consisted of making inquiries,
primarily of persons responsible for the preparation of information presented in the
Sustainability data book, and applying analytical and other procedures, and the procedures
performed vary in nature from, and are less in extent than for, a reasonable assurance
engagement. The level of assurance provided is thus not as high as that provided by a
reasonable assurance engagement. Our assurance procedures included:
 Interviewing the Company’s responsible personnel to obtain an understanding of its policy
for preparing the Sustainability data book and reviewing the Company’s reporting criteria.
 Inquiring about the design of the systems and methods used to collect and process the
Indicators.
 Performing analytical procedures on the Indicators.
 Examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the generation, aggregation and reporting
of the Indicators in conformity with the Company’s reporting criteria, and recalculating the
Indicators. |  Visiting Smyrna Vehicle Assembly Plant of Nissan North America, Inc. selected on the basis
of a risk analysis.
 Evaluating the overall presentation of the Indicators.
CCoonncclluussiioonn
Based on the procedures performed, as described above, nothing has come to our attention
that causes us to believe that the Indicators in the Sustainability data book are not prepared, in
all material respects, in accordance with the Company’s reporting criteria as described in the
Sustainability data book.
OOuurr IInnddeeppeennddeennccee aanndd QQuuaalliittyy MMaannaaggeemmeenntt
We have complied with the Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants issued by the
International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants, which includes independence and other
requirements founded on fundamental principles of integrity, objectivity, professional
competence and due care, confidentiality and professional behavior. In accordance with
International Standard on Quality Management 1, we design, implement and operate a system
of quality management including policies or procedures regarding compliance with ethical
requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
/s/ Kenichiro Sato
Kenichiro Sato, Partner
KPMG AZSA Sustainability Co., Ltd.
Tokyo, Japan
July 16, 2024
Notes to the Reader of Independent Assurance Report:
This is a copy of the Independent Assurance Report and the original copies are kept separately by the Company
and KPMG AZSA Sustainability Co., Ltd.

[PAGE 63]
[Remarks] Basis of calculation for CO2 emissions, waste generated and water input subject to third-party assurance ■ CO2 emissions from Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. and consolidated subsidiaries: Calculated based on Nissan internal standards. The energy use data of each site is based on invoices from suppliers, which are multiplied by a CO2 emissions coefficient publicly available for each Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. and consolidated subsidiaries. ■ CO2 emissions from purchased goods & services: Calculated by multiplying the amount of CO2 emissions per vehicle by the annual global production volume in fiscal 2023, covering raw materials purchased in conjunction with automobile production. CO2 emissions per vehicle are calculated by applying the Database on GHG Emission Factors (ver.3.0) for Carbon Footprint of Products Pilot Project to the amount of raw material input per typical vehicle as of 2010. ■ CO2 emissions from the use of sold products: Calculated using the average regional CO2 emissions per vehicle multiplied by the regional estimated average lifecycle mileage and multiplied by fiscal 2023 sales volumes. The average CO2 emissions for the use phase (including direct emissions only) per unit are calculated for each of our main regions (Japan, U.S.A., EU and China) and extrapolated from average emissions of these markets for other markets. Estimated average lifetime mileages are set based on published country-by-country market average lifetime mileage data. ■ Scope 3 emissions figures are estimates subject to varying inherent uncertainties. ■ Waste generated from production sites (Nissan Motor Co., Ltd., consolidated subsidiaries and part of its affiliates accounted for by the equity method): Calculated based on Nissan internal standards. The discharged waste within production sites is based on data from truck scales at the sites or data reported by disposal contractors. However, materials recycled in-house, used in reproduction (reused by Nissan) or recycled (as salable, valuable materials) are not categorized as generated waste. ■ Water input from production sites (Nissan Motor Co., Ltd., consolidated subsidiaries and part of its affiliates accounted for by the equity method): Calculated based on Nissan internal standards. Water input is the water withdrawal amount according to billing meters or company meters installed on site. The water withdrawal amount includes drinking water (tap water), industrial-use water, underground water (spring/well water) and rainwater or the like. Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Social Environmental Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Third-party assurance Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Environmental principles and policies Global environmental management framework and governance system 062

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Social | Governance | Data | 062
[TABLE] Environmental
[TABLE] Global environmental management
Environmental principles and policies Understanding of environmental issues Strategic approach to environmental issues Nissan Green Program Value chain activity achievements Third-party assurance
framework and governance system

[PAGE 64]
Social Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 063 Approach to social issues ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 064 Human rights ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 065 Focus areas in Nissan Social Program 2030 Safety ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 071 Quality ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 074 Intellectual property ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 080 Responsible sourcing ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 083 Communities ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 088 Power of employees ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 092 Employee human rights ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 093 Diversity, equity and inclusion ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 097 Learning and development ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 109 Health and safety ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 113

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 063
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety

[PAGE 65]
Approach to social issues To work toward the realization of our corporate purpose, we formulated the Nissan Social Program 2030 (NSP2030), which puts into effect the social aspects of Nissan Ambition 2030. While creating Nissan’s corporate and social value, we are aiming for our employees, suppliers, partners, and society to grow together and to be a people-centric company. In each area, we have set goals toward 2030, action plans and the value we will provide to society through the program. By means of this sustainability data book, we report on the progress of the NSP areas and on our achievements with the human rights initiatives common to them. *1 Top level: Top 3 in each market in product and sales & service quality *2 Critical skills: Skills related to electrification, connected, autonomous driving, digital, advanced technologies, leadership NSP2030 Focus areas Social value 2030 goal Action plans Human rights Safety Reduction of traffic accidents and related casualties, contribution to building a safe and secure social system Invest in new technologies, such as autonomous driving and connected car systems, to create safer, more efficient, and more personalized mobility solutions ・Expand ProPILOT ・Incorporate next-generation LIDAR ・Create traffic safety enlightenment tools and start activities ・Promote driver/pedestrian education programs by each region Quality Customer satisfaction and product safety/quality Achieve top-level quality,*1 defect aim zero and no compliance issue ・Improve quality based on customer’s feedback ・Enhancement of audit capability Intellectual property Efficient/effective promotion of innovation through IP Ecosystem for coexistence and co-prosperity of human, society and the earth Contribute to solving social issues by promoting IP activities with others to foster innovation (IP Ecosystem) ・Promote IP creation ・Secure IP protection ・Explore IP licensing ・Enforce IP (Anti-counterfeit) Responsible sourcing Promotion of respect to human rights, and reduction and prevention of negative impact to human rights in supply chain Establish a framework to promote respecting human rights in the supply chain to aim for “No human rights violation” ・Conduct human rights due diligence ・Execute the grievance mechanism Communities Provide learning opportunities, support disaster-affected areas, and address social issues faced by the community Contribute to solving social issues through “Nissan-ness” as well as to empowering youth and children in communities ・Develop and promote community engagement initiatives Power of employees Make Nissan a great place to work in which all employees feel empowered, supported, and can be their authentic selves, in order for them to realize their full potential Employee human rights ・Culture of respect for human rights, specific rules development and promotion of penetration ・Protection of individual dignity and status, empowerment Respect human rights to realize “People centric” ・Expand scope of activities ・Enhance due diligence and strengthen awareness Diversity, equity & inclusion Foster a diverse and inclusive environment where we value and respect employees to drive innovation in automotive products and services that enrich people’s lives Realize an inclusive and exciting Nissan that values uniqueness ・Penetrate DEI mindset ・Build employee driven DEI with executive sponsorship (ERG) ・Enhance inclusive workplace and system ・Expand scope to partners & communities Learning & development ・Enhance individual’s employability ・Nurture individuals who are prepared for rapid and significant societal changes (enhance adaptability of individuals) Development a highly skilled and motivated workforce ・Launch and promote a globally consistent framework for learning and development ・Make learning accessible for employees to upskill and re-skill in critical skills*2 areas ・Leverage technology to improve learner experience ・Identify and develop impactful learning opportunities ・Review and re-architect talent acceleration programs Health & safety ・Reduction of burden on medical institutions ・Increased productivity for society as a whole ・Increase people who work safely, securely and in good health ・Realize a company that can work lively ・Improving of mental and physical health, well-being ・Eradication of occupational accidents Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 064

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 064
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety
[TABLE] Focus areas | Social value | 2030 goal | Action plans
[TABLE] Human
rights | Safety | Reduction of traffic accidents and
related casualties, contribution to
building a safe and secure social
system | Invest in new technologies, such as
autonomous driving and connected car
systems, to create safer, more efficient,
and more personalized mobility solutions | ・Expand ProPILOT
・Incorporate next-generation LIDAR
・Create traffic safety enlightenment tools and start activities
・Promote driver/pedestrian education programs by each region
[TABLE] Quality | Customer satisfaction and
product safety/quality | Achieve top-level quality,*1 defect aim
zero and no compliance issue | ・Improve quality based on customerʼs feedback
・Enhancement of audit capability
[TABLE] Intellectual property | Efficient/effective promotion of
innovation through IP Ecosystem
for coexistence and co-prosperity
of human, society and the earth | Contribute to solving social issues by
promoting IP activities with others to
foster innovation (IP Ecosystem) | ・Promote IP creation
・Secure IP protection
・Explore IP licensing
・Enforce IP (Anti-counterfeit)
[TABLE] Responsible
sourcing | Promotion of respect to human
rights, and reduction and
prevention of negative impact to
human rights in supply chain | Establish a framework to promote
respecting human rights in the supply
chain to aim for “No human rights
violation” | ・Conduct human rights due diligence
・Execute the grievance mechanism
[TABLE] Communities | Provide learning opportunities,
support disaster-affected areas,
and address social issues faced
by the community | Contribute to solving social issues
through “Nissan-ness” as well as to
empowering youth and children in
communities | ・Develop and promote community engagement initiatives
[TABLE] Power of employees
Employee
human rights
Diversity, equity
& inclusion
Learning &
development
Health & safety | Make Nissan a great place to work in which all employees feel empowered, supported, and can be their authentic selves, in order for them
to realize their full potential
[TABLE] Employee
human rights | ・Culture of respect for
human rights, specific rules
development and promotion of
penetration
・Protection of individual dignity
and status, empowerment | Respect human rights to realize “People
centric” | ・Expand scope of activities
・Enhance due diligence and strengthen awareness
[TABLE] Diversity, equity
& inclusion | Foster a diverse and inclusive
environment where we value
and respect employees to drive
innovation in automotive products
and services that enrich peopleʼs
lives | Realize an inclusive and exciting Nissan
that values uniqueness | ・Penetrate DEI mindset
・Build employee driven DEI with executive sponsorship (ERG)
・Enhance inclusive workplace and system
・Expand scope to partners & communities
[TABLE] Learning &
development | ・Enhance individualʼs
employability
・Nurture individuals who
are prepared for rapid and
significant societal changes
(enhance adaptability of
individuals) | Development a highly skilled and
motivated workforce | ・Launch and promote a globally consistent framework for
learning and development
・Make learning accessible for employees to upskill and re-skill
in critical skills*2 areas
・Leverage technology to improve learner experience
・Identify and develop impactful learning opportunities
・Review and re-architect talent acceleration programs
[TABLE] Health & safety | ・Reduction of burden on medical
institutions
・Increased productivity for
society as a whole | ・Increase people who work safely,
securely and in good health
・Realize a company that can work lively | ・Improving of mental and physical health, well-being
・Eradication of occupational accidents

[PAGE 66]
Approach to human rights Nissan has long regarded valuing people and respecting human rights as fundamental to its management, and this stance is clearly stated in the Global Code of Conduct established in 2001. All Nissan employees share the recognition that compliance with the laws, regulations, standards, and company rules applicable in all countries and regions is fundamental to conducting business, that the human rights of all stakeholders are respected, and that it is essential that they act in accordance with the highest ethical standards. We neither condone discrimination or any other form of harassment̶on the basis of race, ethnicity, national origin, culture, religion, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity, disability, marital status, or any other characteristic̶nor tolerate infringements of human rights in the supply chain, such as forced labor and child labor. This respect for human rights is reflected in our corporate purpose, “Driving innovation to enrich people’s lives”. In addition, the Nissan Way (revised in 2019), a guideline for action common to all employees, defines “Respect others, respect society” as one of the five values, positioning respect for human rights as the foundation of our corporate culture. In the process of formulating the long-term vision Nissan Ambition 2030 announced in November 2021, many executives, including the CEO, engaged in lively discussions on various issues and initiatives related to human rights. The participants reaffirmed their commitment to further strengthen their efforts to respect human rights and ensure that they are put into practice in order to realize our corporate *1 Click here for more information on the Nissan Human Rights Policy Statement (revised version). https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/LIBRARY/HUMAN_RIGHTS/ *2 Click here for more information on the Nissan Global Guideline on Human Rights. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/LIBRARY/HUMAN_RIGHTS_GUIDELINE/ purpose. In fiscal 2021, a special project team for human rights was established reporting directly to the CEO. For about eight months, team members selected from various departments across the company exchanged opinions pertaining to respect for human rights with external experts, confirmed social trends and demands, and discussed the direction Nissan should take. The team’s proposal was submitted to and approved by the Executive Committee (EC), the company’s highest decision-making body. The proposal defines “Nissan’s Human Rights Want-to-be Statement” and clarifies key issues, measures, and internal systems for strengthening human rights management. In response, we have continued to work on this as a regular cross-functional activity from fiscal 2022 onward. To instill human rights initiatives to an even greater degree among employees and the supply chain, etc., each major department, including HR and Purchasing, has promoted the implementation of human rights initiatives at the day-to-day management level. Nissan will continue working to instill the “Nissan’s Human Rights Want-to-be Statement” throughout the company and promote even fuller respect for human rights on a global scale. Nissan’s Human Rights Want-to-be Statement ・ To address various issues and risks through proactive and open communications with our stakeholders and ensure that human rights are respected and naturally incorporated into our daily work. ・ To allow each individual, including Nissan employees and business partners, to maximize their abilities in a diverse and inclusive workplace with a peace of mind. Human Rights Policy Statement In addition to being a signatory of the UN Global Compact, Nissan is committed to respect all human rights as set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR), as well as the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR), the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (ICESCR), and the International Labour Organization Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work (ILO Core Labour Standards). Based on the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGP), we formulated and published the Nissan Human Rights Policy Statement*1 (First Edition) in June 2017 to actively prevent adverse human rights impacts and updated it in July 2021. Also in 2021, Nissan formulated and published the Nissan Global Guideline on Human Rights,*2 which outlines specific measures for employees regarding respect for human rights, with the aim of ensuring compliance with and thorough implementation of the Nissan Human Rights Policy Statement. The guideline is intended to help Nissan Human rights Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 065

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 065
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety

[PAGE 67]
employees in the countries and regions where Nissan operates feel more secure in their work and to ensure consistency between Nissan’s activities and the way the company addresses human rights issues as required by international and local communities. *1 Click her for more information on Nissan Social Program 2030. >>> P009 *2 Click here for more information on Global Data Privacy Policy. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/LIBRARY/ASSETS/PDF/Data_Privacy_e.pdf *3 Click here for more information on the Global Code of Conduct. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/LIBRARY/ASSETS/PDF/NISSAN_GCC_E.pdf *4 Click here for more information on the Nissan CSR Guidelines for Suppliers. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/LIBRARY/SUPPLIERS/ *5 There are managers who promote human rights initiatives in departments such as HR, Purchasing, Communication and other related functions. To instill human rights in the supply chain, the purchasing management departments are working with suppliers to strengthen initiatives such as human rights, the environment, and responsible minerals sourcing. *6 Performance indicators for sustainability in performance-based cash incentives were updated in 2024. Click here for more information. >>> P011 Under the revised policy statement and formulated guideline, Nissan is fulfilling its corporate responsibilities, practicing its mission, conducting business activities, and promoting initiatives to respect human rights in order to realize its corporate purpose. Human rights management Governance related to human rights At Nissan, governance related to human rights is directed by the Global Sustainability Steering Committee (GSSC) chaired by the Chief Sustainability Officer (CSO) in accordance with the Nissan Human Rights Policy Statement. In fiscal 2022, the governance structure was revised and examined. Specifically, as part of day-to-day management, related functions and overseas regional headquarters regularly report progress to the Sustainability Development Department, which oversees human rights initiatives. The Sustainability Development Department reports or makes proposals to the GSSC and EC, which also reports as well as to the Board of Directors. Since fiscal 2021, we have added an item related to respect for human rights as a sustainability evaluation indicator in the performance-based cash incentives that form a part of the long-term executives’ incentive compensation program.*6 While working to ensure that respect for human rights is instilled and becomes firmly established, we will strengthen our human rights governance system, from day-to-day management to the board level, to ensure that human rights are respected at all levels of Nissan’s business activities. From fiscal 2022 onward, we have been working to resolve the four human rights issue areas clarified by the human rights special project team in fiscal 2021̶(1) Expand the scope of employee human rights due diligence; (2) expand and strengthen human rights training; (3) establish grievance mechanisms for suppliers; and (4) conduct and strengthen stakeholder engagement (including responses to serious allegations)̶in a global and cross-functional manner that Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 066 Milestones related to respect for human rights Approaches Activities 2001 ・Formulates Global Code of Conduct 2004 ・Signs United Nations Global Compact ・Establishes diversity development office 2010 ・Publishes Renault-Nissan CSR Guidelines for Suppliers 2013 ・Formulates action against conflict minerals ・Starts the research for conflict minerals and publishes results (published annually thereafter) 2015 ・Publishes revision to Renault-Nissan CSR Guidelines for Suppliers 2016 ・Starts third-party assessment of suppliers’ sustainability activities 2017 ・Formulates and publishes Nissan Human Rights Policy Statement ・Updates Global Code of Conduct ・Introduces SpeakUp internal reporting system 2018 ・Announces Nissan Sustainability 2022 ・Conducts human rights assessment at corporate level 2019 ・Conducts a human rights assessment at Nissan South Africa (Pty) 2020 ・Updates Global Minerals Sourcing Policy Statement ・Publishes Customer Privacy Policy ・Conducts a human rights assessment at Nissan Motor Thailand (NMT) and group companies (Nissan Powertrain (Thailand) Co., Ltd. and SNN Tools & Dies Co., Ltd.) 2021 ・Publishes Nissan Global Guideline on Human Rights ・Publishes revision to Nissan Human Rights Policy Statement ・Conducts a human rights assessment at Nissan North America Inc. (NNA) ・Launches a special project team for human rights reporting directly to the CEO to strengthen human rights management 2022 ・Publishes “Renault-Nissan CSR Guidelines for Suppliers” Supplementary Handbook for Nissan Suppliers ・Publishes revision to Global Code of Conduct ・Conducts a human rights assessment at Nissan (China) Investment Co., Ltd. ・Firmly established as cross-functional activity, further strengthened respect for human rights efforts 2023 ・Announces Nissan Social Program 2030*1 ・Revises from Customer Privacy Policy to Global Data Privacy Policy*2 ・Updates Global Code of Conduct*3 ・Updates Nissan CSR Guidelines for Suppliers*4 ・Implements human rights due diligence at consolidated subsidiaries (expansion of scope) ・Establishes human rights hotline for suppliers ・Promotes efforts to respect human rights by functional department*5 at day-to-day management level ・Conducts human rights assessment at corporate level

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 066
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety
[TABLE] Approaches | Activities
[TABLE] 2001 | ・Formulates Global Code of Conduct
[TABLE] 2004 | ・Signs United Nations Global Compact | ・Establishes diversity development office
[TABLE] 2010 | ・Publishes Renault-Nissan CSR Guidelines for Suppliers
[TABLE] 2013 | ・Formulates action against conflict minerals | ・Starts the research for conflict minerals and publishes results (published annually
thereafter)
[TABLE] 2015 | ・Publishes revision to Renault-Nissan CSR Guidelines for
Suppliers
[TABLE] 2016 | ・Starts third-party assessment of suppliersʼ sustainability activities
[TABLE] 2017 | ・Formulates and publishes Nissan Human Rights Policy
Statement
・Updates Global Code of Conduct | ・Introduces SpeakUp internal reporting system
[TABLE] 2018 | ・Announces Nissan Sustainability 2022 | ・Conducts human rights assessment at corporate level
[TABLE] 2019 | ・Conducts a human rights assessment at Nissan South Africa (Pty)
[TABLE] 2020 | ・Updates Global Minerals Sourcing Policy Statement
・Publishes Customer Privacy Policy | ・Conducts a human rights assessment at Nissan Motor Thailand (NMT) and group
companies (Nissan Powertrain (Thailand) Co., Ltd. and SNN Tools & Dies Co., Ltd.)
[TABLE] 2021 | ・Publishes Nissan Global Guideline on Human Rights
・Publishes revision to Nissan Human Rights Policy Statement | ・Conducts a human rights assessment at Nissan North America Inc. (NNA)
・Launches a special project team for human rights reporting directly to the CEO to
strengthen human rights management
[TABLE] 2022 | ・Publishes “Renault-Nissan CSR Guidelines for Suppliers”
Supplementary Handbook for Nissan Suppliers
・Publishes revision to Global Code of Conduct | ・Conducts a human rights assessment at Nissan (China) Investment Co., Ltd.
・Firmly established as cross-functional activity, further strengthened respect for
human rights efforts
[TABLE] 2023 | ・Announces Nissan Social Program 2030*1
・Revises from Customer Privacy Policy to Global Data Privacy
Policy*2
・Updates Global Code of Conduct*3
・Updates Nissan CSR Guidelines for Suppliers*4 | ・Implements human rights due diligence at consolidated subsidiaries (expansion of
scope)
・Establishes human rights hotline for suppliers
・Promotes efforts to respect human rights by functional department*5 at day-to-day
management level
・Conducts human rights assessment at corporate level

[PAGE 68]
involves the Sustainability Development Department, HR, Purchasing, Communication and other related functions, including regional headquarters. The progress and results of each activity in respect of human rights was reported twice to GSSC, which is chaired by the CSO, and also to EC, the highest decision-making body. Nissan regularly reviews Nissan Human Rights Policy Statement and the Nissan Global Guideline on Human Rights in accordance with relevant internal policies and rules as well as external laws, regulations, guidelines, and social demands. We continuously conduct human rights due diligence based on these policies, in order to enhance efforts to respect human rights and reduce risks of human rights issues. We also disclose and report the status of these human rights initiatives both internally and externally in a timely and appropriate manner. In addition, we have also incorporated “human rights” into our corporate risk map based on the Global Risk Management Policy. The status of these initiatives is regularly reported to the Corporate Risk Management Committee. *1 *1 Click here for more information on risk management enhancement efforts. >>> P132 *2 Click here for more information on supply chain-related human rights initiatives. >>> P083 As one of the important activities of the Nissan Social Program 2030, in fiscal 2023 our efforts on respect for human rights were included in those reported to the Board of Directors. Items FY2023 Objective FY2023 Result 1 Employee human rights due diligence Expand scope by means of new human rights due diligence process Implemented, being followed up with improvement plan 2 Human rights training Implement human rights e-Learning (updated version), etc. Implemented globally 3 Grievance mechanisms for suppliers Hotline to be in place from second half of FY2023 Human rights hotline operational from October 2023 (Japan) 4 Stakeholder engagement (including responses to serious allegations) Implement FY2023 communication plan (including confirmation of process for serious allegations) Implemented (10 communication opportunities, both large and small) Human rights management for employees and in collaboration with suppliers The Nissan Human Rights Policy Statement and the Nissan Global Guideline on Human Rights are applicable to all of Nissan’s executives and employees. Nissan’s fundamental ethical expectations from society are also clarified in the Global Code of Conduct. All executives and employees recognize the importance of applying the aforementioned statement beyond Nissan’s own operations. At every level of our global supply chain, we aim to conduct ethically, socially, and environmentally conscious business activities. We also work together with suppliers, and other business partners to achieve this goal. Since 2006, Nissan has shared a set of common values and processes around purchasing with its worldwide network of suppliers. Common values regarding human rights and labor are also shared via the Nissan CSR Guidelines for Suppliers. It details our expectations and request implementation regarding respect for human rights and prohibition of child labor and forced labor. We also evaluate our suppliers’ sustainability activities including respect for human rights through third-party assessment. In addition, we require businesses we deal with to take the initiative and carry out due diligence on responsible minerals sourcing. Having established a human rights hotline for suppliers in fiscal 2023, we firstly received human rights-related grievances from major tier-1 suppliers and commenced activities to push ahead with our responses. Going forward, the plan is to gradually expand the scope of the hotline. Please refer to the Responsible Sourcing section for further information on human rights initiatives in the supply chain. *2 We will also strengthen communication with our sales companies and promote consistent sustainability management, including on human rights issues. Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 067 Board-level Governance Day-to-day management Senior-level Governance Human Rights Governance Level Reports Decisions Decisions Reports/Proposals Reports/Proposals Supervision Sustainability Dev. Dept. Executive Committee Global Sustainability Steering Committee Board of Directors Regional Headquarters Related Dept.(HR, PUR, etc.) Human rights governance structure

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 067
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety
[TABLE] Items | FY2023 Objective | FY2023 Result
[TABLE] ① Employee human rights
due diligence | Expand scope by means
of new human rights due
diligence process | Implemented, being
followed up with
improvement plan
[TABLE] ② Human rights training | Implement human rights
e-Learning (updated
version), etc. | Implemented globally
[TABLE] ③ Grievance mechanisms
for suppliers | Hotline to be in place
from second half of
FY2023 | Human rights hotline
operational from October
2023 (Japan)
[TABLE] ④ Stakeholder
engagement (including
responses to serious
allegations) | Implement FY2023
communication plan
(including confirmation
of process for serious
allegations) | Implemented (10
communication
opportunities, both large
and small)
[TABLE] Executive Committee

[PAGE 69]
At the same time, Nissan has grievance mechanisms and processes in place and it allows collecting and remedying various types of complaints, including complaints related to allegations of potential human rights abuses. The whistleblowing system provides for anonymity in accordance with legal requirements. We are committed to investigating, addressing, and responding to concerns raised, and employees who make inquiries are protected from retaliation as defined in whistleblowing processes. *1 *1 Click here for more information on a globally integrated reporting system. >>> P136 *2 Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development *3 Click here for more information on supply chain-related human rights initiatives. >>>P083 *4 Click here for more information on employee human rights initiatives. >>> P093 Human rights achievements Nissan recognizes the need to take a comprehensive approach to managing human rights. After respecting local laws and identifying actual or potential risks related to human rights that we might have inadvertently caused or contributed to cases of human rights violations, we consider it vital to monitor and assess such risks, as well as to develop appropriate response strategies. Human rights due diligence Nissan has established and operates the human rights due diligence process in accordance with the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGP) and the OECD*2 Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Business Conduct. We conduct regular human rights assessments to identify, prevent, and mitigate human rights risks, take corrective actions, track implementation and results, and communicate how we have addressed impacts, thus implementing a PDCA cycle for human rights management. We also apply the same process to our supply chain and regularly conduct third-party sustainability assessments based on the “Nissan CSR Guidelines for Suppliers.” The results are monitored and improvements are made with suppliers. *3 Please refer to the Employee Human Rights*4 and Responsible Sourcing sections, respectively, for further information on employee human rights and human rights initiatives in the supply chain. In fiscal 2023, in cooperation with Business for Social Responsibility (BSR), a U.S. NPO promoting sustainability, we conducted a corporate-level human rights assessment and updated the areas requiring focus in Nissan’s efforts to respect human rights for the second time since 2018. Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 068 See below for more details about our policies and guidelines. ・ Global Code of Conduct https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/LIBRARY/ASSETS/PDF/NISSAN_GCC_E.pdf ・ Nissan CSR Guidelines for Suppliers https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/LIBRARY/SUPPLIERS/ ・ Global Minerals Sourcing Policy Statement https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/LIBRARY/ASSETS/PDF/Minerals_Sourcing_Policy_e.pdf ・ Nissan Global Guideline on Human Rights https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/LIBRARY/HUMAN_RIGHTS_GUIDELINE/ Human rights due diligence process * Incl. Grievance Mechanism Human rights policy Human rights assessment Strategy & integration GUIDIN G PRINCI PLES ON BUSINESS AND HUMAN RIGH TS Implementing the United Nations “Protect, Respect and Remedy” Framework OECD DUE DILIGENCE GUIDANCE FOR RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS CONDUCT Communication & stakeholder engagement Monitoring* & reporting

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 068
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety
[TABLE] GUIDING PRINCI
ON BUSINE
AND HUMAN RIG
Imple
the United
“Protect, Resp
Remedy” Fra | PLES
SS
HTS
menting
Nations
ect and
mework

[PAGE 70]
Specifically, to identify factors that impact human rights as an automobile manufacturer, we conducted a human rights assessment from two perspectives̶salience (scope, scale, remediability, likelihood) and relevance for business action (leverage, attribution, current management, etc.)̶ and classified them into high important areas and important areas. The six priority focus areas that Nissan should address by incorporating business strategies and business activities from among the elements identified as priorities were specified, namely 1) employee labor conditions, 2) supplier labor conditions, 3) product safety and AI, 4) privacy and data security, 5) business partner labor conditions, and 6) community and the environmental impacts. Going forward, we plan to strengthen our efforts in each area based on the results of this assessment. Supplier labor conditions Supplier labor conditions Business partner labor conditions Business partner labor conditions Product safety and AI Product safety and AI Community and environmental impacts Community and environmental impacts Privacy and data security Privacy and data security Employee labor conditions Employee labor conditions Priority focus areas identification Priority focus areas identified Salience (scope, scale, remediability, likelihood) Relevance for business action (leverage, attribution, and current management, etc.) High Low High High important areas Important areas *1 Rights holders: Human rights systems that companies should respect. *2 Click here for more information related to these sessions. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/SOCIAL/HUMANRIGHTS/INITIATIVES/ Stakeholder engagement on human rights <External stakeholder initiatives> In fiscal 2022, we held several dialogues with external stakeholders. Specifically, in September 2022, we invited four outside experts, Mr. Ryusuke Tanaka of the International Labour Organization (ILO), Ms. Emi Sugawara of Osaka University of Economics and Law, Mr. Daisuke Takahashi (Japan Federation of Bar Associations), and Mr. Keiichi Ujiie of Global Compact Network Japan, to hold a dialogue on the topic of “Business and human rights.” Engagement conducted with outside experts Several Nissan representatives from departments in charge participated in the meeting and introduced specific activities to strengthen initiatives, including defining a roadmap to 2030 and Human Rights Want-to-be Statement, a governance structure to increase the commitment of internal stakeholders, and efforts to improve information disclosure. In addition to advice on Nissan’s activities in response to the above, there was also a broad exchange of views on the identification and assessment of serious human rights issues that Nissan should address. Specific feedback noted that “companies need to address migrant workers, who are likely to be in vulnerable positions, and gender equality in employment, which is attracting attention from society,” “companies need to look at the link between human rights and business as a whole and further assess how supply chain rights holders*1 are affected,” and “the premise for promoting business and human rights activities is to integrate human rights policies into management systems with the proactive participation of management.” *2 Further, in March 2023, we held a follow-up session with stakeholders who participated in the dialogue held in September 2022, where in addition to reporting on the status of subsequent Nissan’s activities, we once again exchanged opinions and received evaluations and feedback on our activities. In addition to the above, we participated in the 2022 UNDP “Business and Human Rights Project” (supported by the Japanese government), where we had the opportunity to deepen our understanding of the UNGP, review each of our own initiatives, and discuss prospects through group training and individual guidance by human rights experts (themes included human rights policies, mechanisms such as human rights due diligence and grievance mechanisms, and communication). On this project, Nissan was highly commended for its internationally recognized policies and management systems that respect human rights and its establishment of a cross- functional structure to address human rights issues. Nissan also received advice on addressing potential risks, strengthening activities according to their impact and priority, and enhancing the disclosure of information on human rights activities. Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 069

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 069
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety
[TABLE] Priority focus
[TABLE] areas identification

[PAGE 71]
We continued to hold dialogues with external stakeholders on multiple occasions in fiscal 2023. Specifically, in July 2023 we engaged with the World Benchmarking Alliance (WBA), which implements and publishes the Corporate Human Rights Benchmark (CHRB), and exchanged opinions on subjects that included Nissan’s acceptance and use of CHRB results (utilization to improve and elevate the level of activities, changes due to engagement with WBA) and requests from Nissan to the WBA. In March 2024, we held a dialogue with Amnesty International Japan, the Japanese branch of the international human rights NGO Amnesty International. In addition to gratefully receiving valuable opinions with regard to stakeholder involvement in the process of formulating and revising Nissan Human Rights Policy Statement, its scope, content/priority areas, and operation, we received multifaceted and thought-provoking feedback regarding Nissan’s human rights initiatives and expectations for the automobile industry. We will utilize these findings in future revisions of the policy and to strengthen our efforts. <Internal stakeholder initiatives> Having in fiscal 2022 further systematized and strengthened internal communication on human rights, which we had been promoting before then, in fiscal 2023 we continued to proactively communicate messages on respect for human rights from the CSO and the executive in charge of human resources to employees, for example introducing social topics and internal initiatives related to human rights to coincide with International Human Rights Day. There have been approximately 10 communication opportunities, both large and small. Sustainability seminar 2023 - Session for employees (August 2023) Going forward, Nissan will further strengthen its efforts while reflecting the opinions received from internal and external stakeholders in its human rights initiatives, including human rights risk assessments, reports, and communications. We will promote these initiatives not only at Nissan but through ongoing dialogue with all of Nissan’s stakeholders, including the rights holders in the supply chain mentioned. Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 070

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 070
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety

[PAGE 72]
Safety Approach to safety The automobile has transformed people’s lives, bringing mobility, convenience, and the pleasure of driving. In recent years, the automotive industry has made significant advances, particularly in autonomous driving technologies and driver-assist features. The world is also undergoing major structural shifts due to aging populations and the rapid progression of urbanization. Technological innovation in the automotive sector is expected to help realize societies with less urban traffic congestion and more ways for senior citizens to move about safely. Nissan designs and engineers cars that embody the pleasure and richness of driving while offering a high level of safety. More than 90% of traffic crashes are caused by human error. Our goal is zero fatalities: reducing the number of deaths from crashes involving Nissan vehicles to virtually zero. To this end, we continue working to help reduce traffic crashes. *1 Click here for more information on major external safety ratings (Based on 2023 assessments) >>> P160 *2 Automatic Emergency Braking in North America Safety management According to the Global status report on road Safety 2023 published by the World Health Organization (WHO), approximately 1.19 million people worldwide die annually as a result of road traffic crashes. This is the 12th leading cause of death worldwide. Nissan is working to develop technologies aimed at significantly reducing crashes, including the introduction of next-generation LIDAR technology into our vehicles. In parallel, we are working to enhance technologies that help lessen the severity of unavoidable crashes and bolster occupant protection. While pushing forward with technological advancements on the vehicle side, we are also conducting educational initiatives to help raise safety awareness for the motoring public. Safety achievements Enhancements to Nissan’s safety technology and external ratings received*1 Intelligent Emergency Braking*2 is available on nearly all vehicle categories sold in Japan, including EVs and commercial vehicles, and standard on all major models. In the U.S., Automatic Emergency Braking is standard equipment on substantially all light duty vehicles and trucks. Otherwise in North America and Europe, Intelligent Emergency Braking is available on key models. Our vehicles have earned high safety ratings on many public and governmental tests held in various regions. Nissan is actively participating in industry activities such as those organized by the Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association (JAMA) to promote the vehicle safety measures activities and the strategic standardization activities. Nissan contributes to the creation of the international regulations (WP29) and de jure standards (ISO) of “performance evaluation test methods” for various safety technologies such as “intelligent emergency braking”. Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 071

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 071
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety

[PAGE 73]
Aiming for Virtually Collision-Free Cars Our Safety Shield concept helps support the safety of vehicle occupants in a variety of scenarios from a comprehensive perspective, from crash prevention and avoidance to occupant protection. For example, during normal driving or parking, sensors and cameras can help detect vehicles and pedestrians that may be difficult for drivers to see; this supports drivers and allows them to drive with peace of mind. We are committed as an automobile manufacturer to widespread availability of our safety technologies. Safety Shield Concept *1 Intelligent Around View Monitor, etc. Blind Spot Warning (BSW), Lane Departure Warning (LDW), etc. Intelligent Emergency Braking, Emergency Brake for Pedal Misapplication, etc. SRS Airbag System, Zone Body Construction, etc. Automated Airbag-Linked Hazard Lamps, etc. Collision is unavoidable / Crash Post-crash Risk has not yet appeared Risk has appeared Crash may occur Driver-Assistance Technology Leading to a Dramatic Enhancement in Collision Avoidance Performance Nissan believes that driver-assistance technology, by which some conflicts in complex situations can be avoided, will be instrumental in enabling its customers to use their vehicles *1 Click here for more information on Nissan’s Safety Technology Development Concept. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/INNOVATION/TECHNOLOGY/ARCHIVE/SAFETY_TDC/ *2 Click here for more information on the Hello Safety Campaign. (Japanese only) https://www.nissan-global.com/JP/SUSTAINABILITY/SOCIAL/SAFETY/HELLOSAFETY/ *3 Click here for more information on the Omoiyari Light Promotion. (Japanese only) https://www.omoiyari-light.com *4 ToLiTon (Town, Life, and Transportation) Safety Initiative This project was named to promote proposals to town, life, and transportation that are not bound by past conventions. *5 Click here for more information on the “Wheel Spinning (Guru-Guru) Exercise”. (Japanese only) https://www.nissan-global.com/JP/SUSTAINABILITY/SOCIAL/SAFETY/HELLOSAFETY/TAISOU/ *6 Click here for more information on the Traffic Safety Future Creation Lab. (Japanese only) https://www.nissan-global.com/JP/SUSTAINABILITY/SOCIAL/SAFETY/HELLOSAFETY/LAB/ with confidence in the upcoming era of autonomous driving. We have therefore announced ground truth perception technology, which is a driver-assistance technology that aims to lead to dramatic enhancements in the collision avoidance performance of vehicles. This technology makes it possible to accurately capture information about the surroundings, make near-instantaneous decisions, and help avoid conflicts in complex situations where it is extremely difficult to make decisions. In June 2023, we published a demonstration that automatically performs emergency avoidance maneuvers in crashes caused by driver inattention, such as head-on collisions at intersections, where the driver missed a traffic light or sign. By supporting drivers, this technology has the potential to make a significant contribution to reducing crashes. Aiming to complete the development of this technology by the mid-2020s, Nissan will first make ground truth perception technology available on selected new models, and on virtually every new model by fiscal 2030. Promote educational initiatives for traffic safety activities Traffic crashes are statistically more likely to occur during the dusk hours from 4:00 to 6:00 p.m. As part of the Hello Safety Campaign*2, Nissan’s Omoiyari Light Promotion*3 urges drivers to turn on their headlights earlier in the evening. We have actively supported this campaign since 2010 and promote civic activities with two-way communication to raise public awareness of traffic safety. Furthermore, we launched a traffic safety project*4 in 2018 together with a research department in Niigata University. One of the outcomes from these efforts is the “Wheel Spinning (Guru-Guru) Exercise,” *5 developed in March 2020, which promotes and encourages safe driving among senior drivers. Furthermore, in March 2021, in collaboration with Niigata University, Kitasato University, and Sagami Women’s University, we established a virtual laboratory called the Traffic Safety Future Creation Lab. *6 Through the laboratory’s activities, those universities and recent joiner Toin University of Yokohama in partnership with Nissan are committed to traffic safety with the aim of creating a mobile society with zero traffic fatalities by standing by anyone who has concerns or inconveniences in their life and mobility. Omoiyari Light Promotion On and around November 10, designated Day of Good Lighting, we supported people nationwide in taking the initiative to encourage drivers to turn on their headlights. This year, twenty-one locations from Hokkaido to Kagoshima participated in the event, which was named the Thank You for Lighting Activity. In addition, nationwide debriefing session was held in December 2023 where participants from around Japan shared their ideas and tips to get drivers to turn on their headlights. The participants encouraged each other, and the session gave rise to new insights. Throughout the year, the Global Headquarters Gallery Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 072

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 072
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety

[PAGE 74]
hosts daily presentations at dusk by “Nissan PR specialist” staff members about the Omoiyari Light Promotion. These activities have helped our Omoiyari Light Promotion steadily gain broad acceptance among the public. Nationwide debriefing session *1 Functional field of view refers to the range at which drivers are able to discern objects that they need to identify. Traffic safety future creation lab This laboratory is prioritizing reduction of the number of traffic crashes caused by elderly drivers, which has been identified as a key societal issue in Japan. Activities this year included training using the “functional field of view*1 measurement system” developed in fiscal 2021, which revealed that the functional field of view has expanded, and reaction speed has also improved. In addition, the visibility evaluation experiment of colors of pedestrian clothing using character figures and an actual car conducted in fiscal 2022 was performed using chromatic colors this year. Research results will be published on an ad-hoc basis. Visibility evaluation experiment of chromatic colors of pedestrian clothing using character figures and an actual car We also created a VR world, “NISSAN Heritage Cars & Safe Driving Studio,” where visitors can experience our research on traffic safety in the context of Nissan’s iconic heritage cars of the past and the spirit of their times. Visitors can enjoy learning about what colors of pedestrian clothing are easy to see, the importance of the functional field of vision, and “Wheel Spinning (Guru-Guru) Exercise”. From now on, we will continue to implement various initiatives to reduce traffic crashes. Functional field of view experience in VR world Nationwide voluntary participation in the campaign to turn on headlights Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 073

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 073
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety

[PAGE 75]
Approach to quality Product evaluations and automaker brand value are dependent on customer perception of quality. Rapid technical innovations are seeing customers demand ever-higher levels of quality. As mobility needs rise worldwide, driven by increased urbanization and structural changes in the global economy, Nissan is fulfilling its mission of offering people everywhere the rich benefits of mobility. At the same time, we believe that automakers have an important responsibility to always offer customers the kind of quality they expect. The Nissan Social Program 2030 aims to achieve top-level quality*1 and is undertaking initiatives to achieve the goal of eliminating quality defects and compliance issues. Nissan aims to earn its customers’ trust by addressing quality as a companywide issue. This means providing top-level quality to customers at every stage, from the planning of new vehicles through development, manufacturing, logistics, and sales to aftersales service. *1 Achieve the top 3 in each market in terms of product quality and sales & service quality. *2 Excluding non-consolidated OEM plants Quality has many aspects, and we seek to provide high quality at all stages of the customer experience: how it feels to use the product itself, the way customers are treated by sales staff in showrooms, the response if problems arise with the product. To achieve this, we pursue effective companywide cooperation at the cross-functional and cross- regional levels, while listening to the feedback of every customer with sincerity. Based on a customer-centric ethos, Nissan places the highest priority on customer feedback and aims to enhance the quality of products and services that provide customers with a deep sense of satisfaction to ensure they choose Nissan vehicles over the long term through efforts focused on product, sales and service quality. Vehicle product quality is essential for safe and comfortable long-term use. We aim to provide a high level of quality that meets customer expectations over the entire life cycle of the product. This includes the perceived quality when a customer opens the vehicle’s door in the showroom, sits in the seat, and takes a test drive; the initial quality when the vehicle is delivered to the customer; and the durability that allows the vehicle to provide many years of use. We also conduct initiatives to increase customer satisfaction (CS) regarding sales and service quality. Our aim is to exceed expectations at every customer contact point, including dealership visit, purchase, maintenance, inspection, and repurchase. Quality management Ensuring the safety of customers and providing the quality they expect are both important issues. To achieve sustainable growth as a trustworthy company, Nissan has created an organization to promote quality improvement globally, and all Nissan employees are engaging in activities as one. Clearly defined by an ISO9001-compliant quality management system, the persons in charge are assigned and the processes applied to a wide range of quality improvement activities on a global basis. A manual addressing all quality items is prepared and updated as necessary to ensure thorough quality management. Annual training on the guidelines for establishing and implementing a quality management system is also conducted. This training is mandatory for all employees. 24 out of 24 vehicle production bases*2, including consolidated and non-consolidated sites, have acquired ISO9001 certification. Quality Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 074

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 074
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety

[PAGE 76]
Management systems for quality To achieve top-level quality, we have assigned a number of Senior Vice Presidents, headed by the Chief Quality Officer (CQO), to focus exclusively on quality issues. A CQO meeting, chaired by the CQO, is held every month and attended by executives representing each division and region. These meetings work to promote the swift solution and improvement of issues related not just to product quality but also to sales and service quality experiences before and after purchase. Additionally, in order to fully implement compliance, we have established a three-layer monitoring and audit system and are working to strengthen our audit activities. The first layer consists of each division implementing monitoring activities to ensure strict observance of laws and standards. In the second layer, the Conformity Audit Office conducts audits of those efforts to observe laws and standards. And in the third layer, the Internal Audit Office conducts risk-based audits in accordance with annual plans. Quality achievements Reflecting customer feedback in activities to enhance quality To provide the value that customers expect and respond rapidly if they are not satisfied, we listen to all feedback and put what we learn to use in measures to improve quality at every stage, from design and development to aftersales service. Responding rapidly to customer feedback and timely sharing of information We receive and respond to customer comments and questions worldwide through a range of contact points, including dealers, call centers, and surveys. Our customer call center in Japan, for example, receives around 200,000 comments and questions from customers annually. To respond rapidly to customer feedback, we are utilizing digitized catalogs and technical materials from the past 50 years and a frequently asked question (FAQ) search system. A portion of this FAQ is made available to customers so they can solve problems themselves, saving them the trouble of making inquiries. Opinions and comments received by our customer call center in Japan are anonymized and shared companywide on the intranet, where employees can access and view them at any time. Information is also promptly sent by email to executives and senior managers. Incorporating customer feedback into products and services We have implemented a system for reflecting customer feedback in our products and services. Reliable information sharing ensures that this feedback is incorporated in the work of all functions, including product planning, R&D, manufacturing, and sales. Product quality is about more than just a lack of mechanical faults―it includes any factors that could lead customers to feel dissatisfied. We see these factors as issues requiring action and strive to improve quality across all areas. The value that customers expect from products varies according to their region, age, and personal tastes and can also be affected by market factors, such as product diffusion levels or even climate. Although we have basic specifications for global design, we fine-tune these to meet regional needs. The Chief Quality Engineer (CQE) performs this role, participating in the vehicle manufacturing process from the product planning stage in order to reduce customer dissatisfaction and defects. We glean customer perspectives from questionnaires submitted by vehicle owners, market information and employee monitors and prioritize our response to these from the planning and development stages for both products and services. Adopting a customer perspective We believe all employees must have a customer-centric perspective and are implementing a variety of activities, including companywide training to foster this mindset and efforts to provide opportunities to experience customer feedback on a daily basis. One example of this is the companywide “Customer Centric Workshop,” in which participants learn to understand customers’ concerns, think about what they can do for them, and experience the importance of providing products and services that exceed customers’ expectations motivated by compliments from customers. Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 075

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 075
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety

[PAGE 77]
We have also held Nissan Quality Forums for executives, employees, and suppliers. These annual forums use information displays, video presentations and actual vehicles, and parts to showcase our latest quality results, customer feedback from the market, improvement activities based on customer feedback, and activities aimed at meeting targets. The forums are organized cross-functionally by all divisions from R&D to service that incorporate experiential events to raise all employees’ focus on customers and the importance of quality. They are held globally in Japan, North America, Europe, China, Southeast Asia, and other regions. Improving product quality Product quality is a basic feature in allowing customers to use a product safely and comfortably over the long term. For Nissan, which has played a key role in monozukuri , Japan’s tradition of careful craftsmanship, product quality is the foundation for our sustainability as a company. We consider quality from the customer’s perspective at all times and respond quickly if a defect occurs, striving to prevent recurrence. In addition, we are improving product quality to satisfy as many customers as possible by reliably identifying customer dissatisfaction and implementing countermeasure activities in all processes to eliminate any issues. Approaches in development and at manufacturing plants Improving perceived quality and developing vehicles with valued designs Perceived quality is the quality felt when seeing, touching, and operating a vehicle. The perception of quality is a particularly subjective matter, and applying objective criteria requires thorough studies. We conduct consumer research around the world targeting customers who have purchased or are considering purchasing a Nissan car in order to understand their perceptions better and incorporate those perceptions in new vehicles. Our perceived quality specialists communicate the voice of customers around the world and support us to develop attractive stylish vehicles that are valued by our customers. Producing products of consistent quality worldwide At Nissan, we will continue to produce products of a quality that exceeds our customers’ expectations. At the Tochigi Plant, we launched the Nissan Intelligent Factory to meet environmental considerations, such as carbon neutrality and the effective use of resources, and to meet the needs for electrified, intelligent cars, and are realizing monozukuri that places less of a burden on our employees. The Intelligent Factory will be deployed horizontally to global plants in the years to come. Including these activities, Nissan will deploy quality initiatives in four areas, make comprehensive efforts from the development stage of new vehicle offerings to the pipeline that delivers vehicles to customers, and stably supply high- quality products. New model quality initiatives At the digital stage of a new model, we will simulate a virtual factory, utilize simulation and virtual reality, and collaborate with design departments to create vehicle designs in digital form. The Global Production Engineering Center is also making efforts to realize high-quality vehicle production from the outset at all plants worldwide through the verification of the structural construction method of prototype vehicles. Power train quality initiatives To complete quality manufacturing in each process, we set Quality Gates for each process, establish non-defective product conditions, and carry out activities designed to deliver non-defective products to the next process. We will also reflect the opinions of our customers in product and process designs, work to further improve the quality of new products, and contribute to the realization of stable quality. Production vehicle quality initiatives Having developed highly reliable forming and joining techniques and tools that can reliably comply with quality requirements, we are improving the Built in Quality of each process. In addition, to leverage the Global Training Center and to devise ways to stabilize the quality brought about by manual labor, we are promoting the global development of advanced skills through the Master Trainer training program, and aiming to realize stable quality at all global plants. Logistics quality initiatives In the transport process that delivers completed vehicles to customers, we utilize the same global evaluation index to rate the quality of logistics transport operations. Through benchmarks at each site, we are promoting further improvements, maintaining factory shipping quality, and promoting the provision of high-quality vehicles to our customers. Four areas in Nissan production/supply chain management (SCM) Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 076

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 076
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety
[TABLE] New model
quality
initiatives | At the digital stage of a new model, we will simulate
a virtual factory, utilize simulation and virtual reality,
and collaborate with design departments to create
vehicle designs in digital form. The Global Production
Engineering Center is also making efforts to realize
high-quality vehicle production from the outset at
all plants worldwide through the verification of the
structural construction method of prototype vehicles.
[TABLE] Power
train quality
initiatives | To complete quality manufacturing in each process,
we set Quality Gates for each process, establish
non-defective product conditions, and carry out
activities designed to deliver non-defective products
to the next process. We will also reflect the opinions
of our customers in product and process designs,
work to further improve the quality of new products,
and contribute to the realization of stable quality.
[TABLE] Production
vehicle
quality
initiatives | Having developed highly reliable forming and joining
techniques and tools that can reliably comply with
quality requirements, we are improving the Built
in Quality of each process. In addition, to leverage
the Global Training Center and to devise ways
to stabilize the quality brought about by manual
labor, we are promoting the global development of
advanced skills through the Master Trainer training
program, and aiming to realize stable quality at all
global plants.
[TABLE] Logistics
quality
initiatives | In the transport process that delivers completed
vehicles to customers, we utilize the same global
evaluation index to rate the quality of logistics
transport operations. Through benchmarks at
each site, we are promoting further improvements,
maintaining factory shipping quality, and promoting
the provision of high-quality vehicles to our
customers.

[PAGE 78]
Implementing quality evaluation envisioning a myriad of situations Each of our production cars and development models is evaluated using a system called VES*1 to monitor quality on a daily basis. Feedback from customers is incorporated in standardized evaluation criteria, which are used to train quality assessment specialists. Only these company-certified experts, known as “VES Masters,” can perform our strict daily assessments. The assessment process evaluates the vehicle’s interior and exterior and evaluates it while it is in operation, focusing on whether it meets quality standards defined in terms of customer requirements. During the running evaluations, carried out on actual roads, assessors evaluate the vehicle in areas including unexpected noise, vibration, stability of handling, and the functionality of its various advanced systems. Final responsibility for overall quality is the responsibility of the CQE, who envisages different use scenarios for Nissan vehicles and carries out stringent quality checks accordingly. Activities to improve market quality Swiftly improving quality in local markets We are strengthening direct communication with sales companies and customers to promptly identify and respond to customer dissatisfaction and defects. Our Total Customer Satisfaction Function Division (TCSX) addresses customer dissatisfaction and quality issues based on information from sales companies and the customer call center. It shares information with the R&D and manufacturing divisions to investigate the causes and come up with countermeasures. These countermeasures are incorporated in production models on the market. In this way, we seek permanent solutions to prevent outflow of quality issues. The global expansion of our corporate activities has increased our potential exposure to customer dissatisfaction *1 VES stands for “Vehicle Evaluation Standard.” VES is a quality evaluation system, in which specially trained experts assess vehicles using more than 300 quality assessment criteria established from the customer’s perspective. and quality issues in more regions around the world. In response, we have established Field Quality Centers (FQCs) with the goal of promptly gaining an understanding of regional quality issues and analyzing their causes locally. There are now 15 FQCs in Japan, the U.S., Europe, China, Mexico, Brazil, South Africa, India, Australia, Thailand, and other locations. Our FQCs conduct market quality research and analysis in five phases. ・ Collecting and analyzing information ・ Confirmation of the phenomenon with parts and vehicles ・ Sharing the facts with R&D / manufacturing / suppliers ・ Agreement on investigation items/ responsibilities with R&D / manufacturing / suppliers ・ Identification of the root cause from failure cause analysis & Test result ・ Planning countermeasure proposal based on technical standard (design / manufacturing) and failure effect analysis ・ Revision of the technical standard (design / manufacturing) ・ Revision of the management process ・ Agreement and decision of countermeasure with R&D / manufacturing / suppliers ・ Countermeasure adoption at production line and deployment in market Conceptual representation of the five phases of market quality research and analysis Phase 5 Recurrence prevention and horizontal deployment Phase 4 Validation of countermeasure content Phase 3 Root cause analysis & planning countermeasure proposal Phase 2 Sharing the fact and decision of investigation items and responsibilities Phase 1 Clarification of the fact Improving initial quality We are strengthening our efforts to deliver high-quality new vehicles to our customers. The Chief Vehicle Engineer (CVE), who is responsible for development, meets with the CQE to share information from the market in order to promptly respond to customers’ wishes and potential satisfaction concerns. We confirm quality improvements for each process and explore necessary risk-reduction measures by visualizing potential risks at the planning stage. Applying all of these processes with transparent criteria lets us ensure that new models offer high quality from the outset. Enhancing durability So that our customers are able to continue enjoy driving in our vehicles for many years, we are promoting efforts to address the deterioration caused over time by long-term vehicle use, such as the discoloration or deformation of resin, abrading of the surface materials, stripping away of chrome plating, and abnormal noises due to material fatigue. We consistently obtain data of warranty after the initial sale and conduct quality checks on recovered vehicles and parts actually used by customers to identify defects earlier. Analyzing this data helps us develop technologies that are more resistant to durability issues. Fair and prompt response to material quality issues While we consider it our responsibility to do our best to prevent product defects from occurring, it is also our duty to be prepared for any contingency in the manufacture of cars, which are complex industrial products. Nissan’s basic stance on recalls is to respond in a transparent, fair, and prompt manner. It is our policy that decisions on recalls should be made from the perspective of compliance with laws and regulations, as well as from the perspective of how the issue affects customer safety. Specifically, Nissan makes decisions on recalls with the highest priority on ensuring customer Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 077

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 077
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety

[PAGE 79]
safety, minimizing customer inconvenience, and complying with laws and regulations. When the recall decision is made, Nissan encourages customers to receive prompt repair information and visit repair facilities. If a problem is found in a vehicle manufactured or sold by Nissan, a recall decision is made in accordance with internal regulations together with representatives from the region closest to the customer. After a recall decision is made, the following measures will be implemented to enable prompt repairs with top priority given to customer safety and security. ・ Notification will be sent in a prompt and fair manner by postal mail to customers who own vehicles covered by the recall. Dealers will also contact customers, if necessary. ・ Recall notifications will be posted on the website and on the mass media to inform the customer. ・ We also make the required reports, including notifications to the authorities in accordance with the laws and regulations of each country. Country / Region Number of recalls Recalled vehicles (1,000 units) Japan 13 1,164 North America 22 1,546 Europe 10 507 Other 25 1,578 Global 48*1 4,795 Recalls in FY2023*1 *1 Each recall action is counted as one case, so the total number of recalls in each country and region is not equal to the global number of recalls. We respond to all safety-related investigation requests from authorities in each country. *2 Click here for more information on NPQP, ASES, and SHC. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/SOCIAL/QUALITY/PRODUCTS/ASSURANCE/ Approaches with suppliers Nissan is working with suppliers to improve the quality of parts from the design stage at all production sites, including addressing risks related to parts quality and supply. Promoting risk evaluation and reduction management among suppliers We work to enhance our own global quality management. Nissan representatives visit each supplier’s plants and check the quality control conditions on their production lines. We also offer support for suppliers’ efforts to meet the quality control standards we require. In addition to these activities, we work not only with direct suppliers but also with tier-2 suppliers to implement quality improvement measures. Supplier inspections and training for improving product safety and quality To ensure product safety, we work together with suppliers and conduct inspections for products as well as components. Each component from our suppliers represents the end- product of a complex manufacturing process that includes planning and development validation, turning design blueprints into prototypes, performance testing, and mass production. We have created a system called Nissan Product Quality Procedure (NPQP)*2 for regulating the necessary quality assurance across this entire series of activities. The NPQP requires tests to be carried out on every component delivered to confirm their high quality. We developed the Automotive-parts Supplier Evaluation Standard (ASES)*2 system. The ASES contains 240 evaluation criteria to determine if a component is defective and analyze the systems in place to prevent problems occurring. The ASES is applied on-site, at the supplier’s factory. We also ensure that all parts are material certified through a quality control system that coordinates with suppliers, both in the manufacturing process as well as for component materials. More than 1,000 personnel from all suppliers participate in NPQP training held each year. Through this training, we promote and ensure supplier understanding of the NPQP, thereby establishing a system such that accurate parts are delivered. For all Nissan suppliers, we are implementing a “Supplier Score Card” containing an assessment of diagnostic measurements such as delivered quality and market quality as well as the Supplier Health Check (SHC)*2 supplier audit to check their management system. This ensures that suppliers maintain their systems for consistently delivering high-quality components and conduct new initiatives to further improve quality. Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 078

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 078
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety
[TABLE] Country /
Region | Number of recalls | Recalled vehicles
(1,000 units)
[TABLE] Japan | 13 | 1,164
[TABLE] North America | 22 | 1,546
[TABLE] Europe | 10 | 507
[TABLE] Other | 25 | 1,578
[TABLE] Global | 48*1 | 4,795

[PAGE 80]
Improving sales and service quality Nissan continues to improve not only vehicle quality but also quality of services at Nissan dealerships seeking to exceed customer expectations at all touch points. Certainly, it’s not an easy task as customer expectations are constantly evolving. However, at Nissan we have a clear plan on how to manage it. Operational excellence will be continuously focused to address the basics of customer satisfaction. Additionally, we strive to provide our customers with an enriched dealership experience that is seamless and personalized, through innovative management of sales and service quality at dealerships around the world. Global dealership guideline updates Several examples out of many are explained below to showcase how Nissan exerts its efforts to exceed customer expectations. First, Nissan Sales and Service Way (NSSW) is a set of global process guidelines aiming at constantly improving customer experiences especially during his/her vehicle purchasing and servicing process, which involves any dealership interactions. We regularly revise these guidelines to reflect the evolution of customer trends and needs, and ultimately offer a better experience at all touch points whether it is physical or digital, or both. Nissan Academy, our Learning and Development team for dealers, creates and conducts various training programs to support dealer personnel from dealership staff to management, to better serve our customers now and in the future. We have created a diverse set of programs including brand, product, and behavior trainings. To enhance our activities at the dealership, we also continue training our field team members, who support our dealer partners to be successfully sustainable by analyzing dealer operations, developing improvement plans based on their individual situations, and supporting their implementation. Nissan Retail Concept (NRC) is a new dealership layout and design that has been rolled out globally with an intention to appeal to all customers. Customers that come for purchasing new vehicles or the ones coming to service their cars can be hosted in a welcoming and comfortable environment. The key elements of the brand such as, electrified vehicles, NISMO performance sub-brand, light commercial vehicles, Nissan Intelligent Choice (Certified Pre-Owned vehicle program) are all showcased in the NRC environment. We continuously develop this concept around the world. Quick Voice of Customer (QVOC) to reflect customer feedback Focusing on the voice of each individual customer and quick problem resolution, we implemented QVOC. It is not only a survey but rather a powerful tool to capture customer’s feedback with simple questions and free comment. In case a customer shows any concern, QVOC provides the dealer / Nissan a hot alert and allows the dealer to quickly resolve the specific customer’s concern and thereby increases customer advocacy for Nissan. It is still one of our important focus initiatives to consistently improve customer satisfaction. At Nissan, we are always thinking of the customer and QVOC is just one of the tools that we use to provide customers unparalleled customer experience. New logo Nissan dealer outlet Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 079

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 079
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety

[PAGE 81]
Approach to intellectual property In recent years, the Intellectual Property (IP) environment in the automotive industry has been undergoing significant change and diversification. Due to technological development having shifted to areas referred to as “CASE”, the areas in which innovation is created have also changed. In accordance with that change, protection methods are not limited to traditional industrial IP rights, and the importance of managing a broader range of assets is increasing, encompassing software and data management as well as the black-boxing of know-how. In addition, due to changes in technological development, opportunities for the utilization (Sell/Buy, License, Enforcement, and so on) of IP between increasingly diverse industries will increase, and crossover between industries will become more active. For example, dealing with the standard essential patents that must be used when adopting technical standards in new areas, and new IP disputes with non-competing entities other than automakers are also on the rise. In the counterfeit goods market, where IP is used illegally, the distribution and sales channels for counterfeit products are also changing from stores to e-commerce sites as the internationalization of supply chains continues to accelerate. In this way faced with a diverse innovation environment, an active IP utilization environment, and a changing market for counterfeit products, Nissan recognizes the following social opportunities and threats. *1 The term IP ecosystem refers to the so-called ecology of IP, which also includes the concept of an IP cycle, i.e., a positive cycle of development to create, protect, and make strategic use of IP. Specifically, this indicates a system based on IP being created under the IP cycle, in which people have a positive impact on each other and on society to autonomously establish new ideas and values. (Source: Japan Patent Office: Mission, Vision, and Values (MVV) : https://www.jpo.go.jp/e/introduction/tokkyo_mvv.html) ・ In an environment in which global IP is properly respected and efficiently utilized, and the creation and utilization of innovation stimulated in a healthy manner, IP can contribute greatly to solving a variety of social and environmental problems. ・ In contrast, overlooking the expansion of the counterfeit product market, which has become a breeding ground for illegal use of IP, threatens to obstruct the creation of an environment that promotes the creation and utilization of innovation in a healthy manner, as described above. Based on these changing environments, social opportunities and threats, Nissan aims to promote global innovation, and the coexistence and co-prosperity of individuals, society, and the earth, through appropriate utilization of IP. To achieve these aims, we are promoting the establishment of an IP ecosystem*1 through the creation, protection, and utilization of IP in a flexible and effective manner, while remaining aware of any changes in the IP environment, and through measures taken in accordance with the law, such as the appropriate exercise of rights and measures to combat counterfeit products. We are particularly focused on developing our IP management as well as the mutual use of our own and other companies’ IP while promoting innovation not only within Nissan but throughout the market. We are also eager to contribute to the realization of a healthy IP ecosystem by leading revitalization of the IP market. We aim to prevent the distribution of potentially harmful counterfeit products by enforcing IP rights and applying the Unfair Competition Prevention Act, in cooperation with administrative agencies of multiple countries. IP-related management Under its global IP policy, Nissan is working to strengthen IP by raising awareness of its importance and the need for its effective management and operation on a companywide basis. To better evaluate the various IP-related issues from multiple angles and to rapidly deduce the appropriate direction to take, we have put in place an IP Specialist Support Committee, which comprises members from a variety of divisions, including the product planning, R&D, production, finance, legal, and IP divisions. Intellectual property Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 080

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 080
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety

[PAGE 82]
Efforts relating to IP Promotion of innovation, patent portfolio management Patent portfolio In addition to promoting sustainable innovation tailored to the market environment, Nissan maintains freedom in the design of its own products while optimizing its patent portfolio for external use. Since patents in the CASE areas account for approximately 60% of patents̶ Electrification area (approx. 35%), Autonomous Driving/Automation area (approx. 18%), and Connected area (approx. 10%),̶the current patent portfolio reflects the current business environment. Even so, the Company continues to work to strengthen its patent portfolio. Electrification 35% Autonomous Driving/ Automation 18% Body/Chassis 10% ICE 9% Powertrain 9% Material 5% Manufacturing 4% Connected 10% *1 Click here for more information on Nissan Technology Licenses : https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/LICENSE/ *2 Please click/refer here for more information about Nissan Consulting : https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/CONSULTING/ IP licenses Technology licenses Nissan licenses its technology and expertise, honed through years of automobile manufacturing, to companies across various industries, thereby supporting the creation of innovative products and services. We are committed to fostering win-win relationships with all stakeholders, including our licensees and end-users, as part of our dedication to contributing to a thriving society. Our active engagement in technology licensing is a testament to this commitment. *1 Consulting Nissan leverages its expertise in automobile manufacturing to offer fee-based consulting services to client firms. We provide three core consulting services̶ V-up, NPW, and Facility Maintenance Consulting̶designed to foster the development of our clients. Our team, consisting mainly of current and former Nissan employees, applies their extensive experience and specialized knowledge to ensure the success of our client firms.*2 Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 081 LICENSING Nissan Technology Win-Win Nissan Enhances brand image recognition Fosters new research and development Licensee Reduces development time and costs Improvement of company recognition End Users Use of latest technology Brand image Enhancement Licensed Product V-up consulting Support in resolving issues in all corporate activities NPW consulting Support for Genba improvement and productivity enhancement Facility maintenance consulting Based on customer needs and circumstances, we provide appropriate support to resolve various issues, from executives to Genba (on-site) issues. Support for improving equipment and facility reliability and reducing failure rates Promotion of cross-organizational activities Guidance and promotion of zero breakdown equipment manufacturing Improvement of processes in administrative and indirect departments Reduction of inventory days Reduction of failure rate Reduction of agricultural workload 5S improvement Others Improvement of productivity Establishment of predictive and preventive maintenance management Executives▶ Genba▶

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 081
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety
[TABLE] LICENSING

[PAGE 83]
Measures against counterfeit products Social value of anti-counterfeiting Nissan works with law enforcement agencies around the world to prevent the distribution of counterfeit products, and to provide a fair and healthy market environment for stakeholders. We will contribute to creating a safe and secure society where people will not mistakenly purchase counterfeit products. We aim to foster innovation by protecting the IP ecosystem from counterfeit products. Social Value of Anti-Counterfeiting for Counterfeit Nissan Parts Realize a Safe and Secure Society Protection of IP Ecosystem/ Promotion of Innovation Prevent counterfeit Nissan parts from endangering people’s safety because they are not of adequate quality. Prevent counterfeit Nissan parts from damaging fair business relations with partners. Prevent counterfeit Nissan parts from causing a negative impact on the environment because they are not produced adequately. Prevent counterfeit Nissan parts from hindering innovation and creative incentives. *1 Click here for more information on Nissan anti-counterfeiting measures : https://www.nissan.co.jp/SERVICE/SHAKEN/PURE/EN/ Anti-counterfeiting activities Nissan actively implements measures against counterfeit products in major markets around the world through global and regional collaboration. In recent years, counterfeit products have become more easily distributed around the world through eCommerce sites. In response to this situation, Nissan regularly monitors eCommerce sites and actively exercises its IP rights by requesting eCommerce platform providers to remove such listings and by requesting law enforcement agencies to crack down on counterfeit sellers. We also raise awareness and increase education to help prevent customers from mistakenly purchasing counterfeit products. *1 Example: eCommerce site Utilized as a Distribution Channel of Counterfeit Nissan Parts (Airbags) China Japan Japan 40 countries, inc. USA Repair/maintenance providers Repair/maintenance providers Production/sales of parts Assembly/sales eCommerce site eCommerce site eCommerce site Results of enforcement against counterfeit In fiscal year 2023, a total of 32,066 fraudulent listings were removed from eCommerce sites upon Nissan’s request. There were 192 raids conducted by law enforcement agencies, resulting in the confiscation of 391,767 counterfeit products. Additionally, 117 cases of counterfeit products were intercepted and seized by customs authorities, totaling 30,686 items. Furthermore, Nissan initiated six sellers litigations against malicious sellers. Type of IP right enforcement Number of cases Quantity of items Removal of listings on eCommerce 32,066 - Raids by low enforcement agencies 192 391,767 Seizures by Customs Authorities 117 30,686 Civil litigation against malicious sellers 6 - Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 082

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 082
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety
[TABLE] Type of IP right enforcement | Number of
cases | Quantity of
items
[TABLE] Removal of listings on eCommerce | 32,066 | -
[TABLE] Raids by low enforcement agencies | 192 | 391,767
[TABLE] Seizures by Customs Authorities | 117 | 30,686
[TABLE] Civil litigation against malicious
sellers | 6 | -
[TABLE] Social Value of Anti-Counterfeiting for Counterfeit Nissan Parts
[TABLE] Realize a Safe and Secure
Society | Protection of IP Ecosystem/
Promotion of Innovation
[TABLE] Prevent counterfeit Nissan parts from
endangering peopleʼs safety because
they are not of adequate quality. | Prevent counterfeit Nissan parts from
damaging fair business relations with
partners.
[TABLE] Prevent counterfeit Nissan parts from
causing a negative impact on the
environment because they are not
produced adequately. | Prevent counterfeit Nissan parts from
hindering innovation and creative
incentives.

[PAGE 84]
Supply chain strategy The challenges facing modern societies, such as climate change and energy issues, are increasingly global in their scope. To meet these challenges, it is essential for Nissan to identify relevant issues at each stage along the supply chain and make ongoing efforts to address them. Nissan’s business and supply chain expand across the globe. We share Nissan’s vision and policies with business partners, with whom we strategically collaborate to achieve our goals through the promotion of consistent procurement activities on a global scale. We aim to achieve sustainable growth built on a foundation of mutual trust with our business partners. We listen closely to and work with our suppliers as equal partners, developing and maintaining cooperative and competitive relations that enable us to implement best practices. *1 Click here for more information on the “Nissan CSR Guidelines for Suppliers”. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/LIBRARY/SUPPLIERS/ *2 Click here for more information on collaborations with suppliers within “Value chain activity achievements.” >>> P059 We use common, transparent processes and criteria worldwide to select suppliers and are open to doing business with new partners, regardless of nationality, size, or transaction ties in the past. Suppliers are selected after the relevant Nissan divisions meet to examine submitted proposals from a range of perspectives. We explain our decisions to every supplier that takes part in the supplier selection process as part of a thoroughly fair, impartial, and transparent system. Transactions with suppliers are based on the three values that Nissan regards as important: trust (work fairly, impartially, and professionally), respect (honor commitments, liabilities, and responsibilities) and transparency (be open, frank, and clear). In Japan, we also adhere to the “proper trading guidelines” issued by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry for the automotive industry. Approach to responsible sourcing Initiatives with suppliers Nissan is committed to conducting business in an ethically, socially, and environmentally responsible manner at every stage of its global supply chain. In addition to the values that Nissan cherishes, Nissan aims to build a sustainable supply chain and realize responsible procurement of all parts and raw materials. To this end, Nissan established the Nissan CSR Guidelines for Suppliers (revised in 2023)*1 and the Nissan Green Purchasing Guidelines (revised in 2023)*2, defining the initiatives expected of suppliers. We request our suppliers and their business partners be aware of, manage, and practice these policies. Furthermore, in March 2024, Nissan announced the Nissan Green Program 2030 and Nissan Social Program 2030 as midterm action plans to make these initiatives more concrete. The Nissan CSR Guidelines for Suppliers explain expected initiatives in 26 categories across five areas with the aim of encouraging suppliers to review their corporate activities from a sustainability perspective and implement CSR initiatives. (Refer to the table on next page). As one aspect of this, we require suppliers to undergo assessments by third-party organizations and provide a written commitment to ensuring that suppliers and their business partners will maintain the same levels of management. Further, if suppliers are found to be in a state of non-compliance, the guidelines prescribe required responses, such as filing a report immediately, investigating, and formulating corrective measures. In the case of a noncompliance incident, we will take firm action based on our regulations and do everything Responsible sourcing Choice of supplier candidates Sourcing Selection of suppliers Design Prototype production Evaluation for mass production Mass production Performance monitoring Processes from supplier selection to mass production Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 083

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 083
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety

[PAGE 85]
necessary to prevent a recurrence. The Supplementary Handbook at the end of the Nissan CSR Guidelines for Suppliers (2023) is aimed at promoting an understanding and further clarifying important issues that must be taken into consideration and addressed regarding compliance and social issues represented by human rights and labor. When issuing each policy, we distributed booklets that were explained at supplier meetings to ensure that suppliers were fully aware of these policies. In addition to Japanese and English language booklets, we also publish Chinese language versions as appropriate. In the Nissan Social Program 2030, we have set the goal of ‘Establish a framework to promote respecting human rights in the supply chain to aim for “No human rights violation”’ and are undertaking initiatives to achieve it. As far as Nissan can confirm, there were no cases of human rights violations such as discrimination or significant risks related to forced labor or child labor among suppliers in fiscal 2023. *1 Click here for more information on Nissan human rights policies and initiatives. >>> P065 *2 Click here for more information on the project. https://thailand.iom.int/blogs/pilot-project-automobile-sector-assessment-migrants-human-rights-nissans-supply-chain-thailand In Japan, we are continuing our initiatives to prevent and mitigate negative impacts on human rights through ongoing dialogue with our suppliers. In fiscal 2023, we established and began operating a grievance and remedy mechanism “human rights hotline for suppliers” to receive reports of human rights violations by Nissan employees from suppliers (available 24 hours a day, 365 days a year), with the aim of promoting our initiatives to respect human rights together with our suppliers. In fiscal 2023, there was one report through the hotline, but no human rights violations by Nissan employees were confirmed. In addition, we conducted a mock whistleblowing drill with five suppliers to improve the operation of the hotline from the suppliers’ viewpoints. In fiscal 2024, we are considering to expand the scope to which negative impacts are prevented or mitigated. Furthermore, based on the belief that forced labor is one of the most important human rights issues in the supply chain, Nissan focused on migrants, who are considered to be particularly vulnerable to adverse impacts, and in fiscal 2023 partnered with the International Organization for Migration (IOM), an organization affiliated with the UN, to conduct a pilot project*2 on human rights due diligence for migrant workers in the supply chain. Through this project, we have gained an understanding of the human rights violations of migrant workers and the likelihood of such violations. Nissan recognizes that these are potential human rights issues and risks that we should focus on in the supply chain, and will use the results of this project to consider how to enhance its future activities. Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 084 Approach to Supply Chain Management Nissan CSR Guidelines for Suppliers ■ Five Areas and 26 Categories of Expected Initiatives Nissan Green Purchasing Guidelines Compliance with laws and regulations, compliance with the Competition Law, ensure anti-corruption, management and protection of confidential information, export trade controls, and protection of intellectual property, in accordance with Japanese government guidelines and ordinances, elimination of anti-social forces in Japan, and responsible mineral procurement ■ Compliance Provide products and services meeting customer needs, ensure the safety of products and services, as well as the quality of products and services ■ Safety and Quality Prevent discrimination, respect human rights, prohibit child labor, prohibit forced labor, ensure wages, working hours, conduct dialogues and consultations with employees, ensuring a safe and healthy working environment ■ Human Rights and Labor Environmental management, reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, prevention of air, water, soil and other environmental pollution, resource conservation, waste reduction, chemical substance management, protection of ecosystems ■ Environment Open and fair communication with stakeholders ■ Information Disclosure ■ Compliance with regulations and Nissan’s basic environmental principles ● Establishment of management system ● Management of chemical substances ■ Activities to reduce environmental load ● Completion of surveys on CO2 emissions, water usage, other environmental factors Approach to Supply Chain Management Nissan Human Rights Policy *1

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 084
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety

[PAGE 86]
Responsible sourcing management Evaluation, Monitoring, and Auditing of Suppliers’ Sustainability Practices Nissan has been confirming suppliers’ commitment of the Nissan CSR Guidelines for Suppliers and check their environmental management systems and their willingness to advance environmental activities with us at the time of supplier selection. Among newly selected suppliers in fiscal 2023, 100% of them met both Nissan’s social standards and basic environmental principles. In 2016 Nissan began third-party assessment of suppliers’ sustainability activities, including those related to the environmental and human right issues, to raise the level of activities through mutual confirmation. When results do not meet Nissan’s expectation, suppliers are requested to draw up plans for improvement. We then monitor their implementation. We held a seminar for suppliers, where a rating organization spoke to them directly on how to answer assessment questions and formulate improvement plans. By now, more than 90% of Nissan’s purchase turnover is covered by a third-party assessment. Nissan requires all employees to attend e-Learning courses on the Subcontractors Act*1 and the Anti-Monopoly Act*2 as mandatory training every year in order to maintain fair and impartial relationships with suppliers. We also conduct sustainability training in our purchasing department to ensure that employees conduct checks of suppliers’ sustainability activities in their daily work. If there are issues with the supply of parts and materials, they may lead to problems not only for Nissan’s production but also the supply chain as a whole. We therefore position the following measures as part of sustainability activities and implement; (1) confirming supply risks under normal circumstances; (2) following up *1 Act against Delay in Payment of Subcontract Proceeds, etc. to Subcontractors *2 Act on Prohibition of Private Monopolization and Maintenance of Fair Trade *3 Click here for more information on the detail of Nissan Human Rights management and its structure. >>> P067 *4 Click here for more information on initiatives related to third-party compliance risk. >>> P134 annually on quality, cost, delivery, development, management, sustainability, and risk (QCDDMSR) performance; and (3) working with suppliers to craft response plans for natural disasters to ensure production continuity or early restoration of capacity. In fiscal 2023, we launched Third-Party Compliance risk monitoring in accordance with the Global Third- Party Compliance Risk Management Policy. There were no suppliers whose compliance was problematic, and no supplier contract was terminated for such a reason. *3,*4 Promotion of Monozukuri activities with suppliers We work to continually improve the competitiveness of our products through the Monozukuri Activities program, a collaboration between suppliers and Nissan that was launched in 2008. Since 2009, these activities have expanded through the joint THANKS Activities initiative, which emphasizes trust and cooperation between Nissan and its suppliers. With the goal of working with suppliers to become cost leaders under today’s challenging market conditions, we strive to improve product quality, reduce costs, and rationalize manufacturing through measures that include increasing production volume per part, promoting localization, and improving logistics. In fiscal 2013, we introduced the Total Delivered Cost (TdC) Challenge, aiming to optimize all fluctuating costs, including for specifications, materials, exchange rates, and logistics. Our various functional departments, together with suppliers, are continuously working to proactively promote the TdC Challenge and improve both quality and supply. Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 085

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 085
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety

[PAGE 87]
Engagement with suppliers Providing suppliers with timely and accurate information is a key task for Nissan. Suppliers’ meetings are held in Japan and overseas to spread understanding of Nissan’s purchasing policy for the fiscal year, midterm business plan, and other matters. In Japan, we hold monthly meetings and directly inform suppliers of our production plans, activities, and requirements. The meetings are also an opportunity for Nissan to respond to supplier questions and requests. *1 Click here for more information on collaborations with suppliers within “Value chain activity achievements.” >>> P059 *2 Click here for more information on initiatives with suppliers within “Quality.” >>> P078 Recognizing supplier contributions worldwide Each year we recognize the contributions of our suppliers to the development of our business and improvement of our performance with awards presented at the global level as well as in each of the regions where we operate. The purpose of this awards program is to ensure that Nissan’s concept of balanced management in terms of social and environmental*1 considerations as well as quality*2, cost reduction, technological development, and other economic activities, permeates the entire supply chain on a global level. At the Nissan Global Supplier Awards, we present Global Quality Awards to suppliers showing exceptional performance in quality for the year, and Global Innovation Awards to suppliers whose innovative initiatives improved Nissan’s brand and product power. Global Quality Award recipients are selected by Nissan’s purchasing, quality and other divisions using standard criteria applied worldwide. Global Innovation Award recipients are selected from suppliers nominated by Nissan’s production, development, and other divisions in two categories: product technology and process management. In fiscal 2023, six companies received Global Quality Awards, while Global Innovation Awards went to five projects and five companies. Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 086

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 086
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety

[PAGE 88]
Responsible minerals sourcing Minerals sourcing policy In 2013, Nissan moved quickly to establish a policy against use of conflict minerals and published the policy on its website. Following this, in July 2020 it formulated and published its new Global Minerals Sourcing Policy Statement*1 and expanded the scope from the conflict minerals known as 3TGs (tin, tungsten, tantalum, and gold) to all minerals including cobalt from conflict-affected and high-risk areas. Nissan requests that suppliers ensure similar controls. Nissan’s goal is to conduct ethical, social, and environmentally conscious business practices at every level of our global supply chain. We monitor our supply chain to assess whether the mineral resources contained in materials or components used to manufacture our products have any harmful social effect, such as on human rights or the environment. When there are concerns about the minerals being used, Nissan actively works to end that use. *1 Click here for more information on the Global Minerals Sourcing Policy Statement. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/LIBRARY/ASSETS/PDF/Minerals_Sourcing_Policy_e.pdf *2 RMI stands for Responsible Minerals Initiative, an organization with member companies and associations from the information and communications technology and other industries that works to improve global social and environmental awareness. *3 Click here for more information on our Actions for minerals sourcing. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/LIBRARY/ASSETS/PDF/Minerals_e.pdf Responsible minerals sourcing management Referring to the OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from Conflict and High-Risk Areas, Nissan carries out due diligence on high- risk minerals sourced from conflict and high-risk areas, including 3TGs (tin, tungsten, tantalum, and gold) and cobalt. Since 2021, Nissan has joined the RMI*2 to assess risks together with suppliers and further strengthen activities to correct problems when they are identified. With regard to 3TGs, we began conducting conflict mineral surveys in our major areas of operation (Japan, North America, and Europe) in fiscal 2013. Starting in fiscal 2014, we gradually expanded the scope of these surveys to other areas. Surveys on a massive scale are required to grasp the status of minerals usage throughout the global supply chain. We therefore collaborate with organizations including the Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association, Inc., the Japan Auto Parts Industries Association, and the Japan Electronics and Information Technology Industries Association to hold regular working group sessions to consider methods for investigation and analyzing the results of those investigations. The surveys track minerals back through the chain of suppliers using CMRT (Conflict Mineral Reporting Template) provided by the RMI. This enables Nissan to identify smelting and refining companies that are not procuring minerals that are a source of funds for armed groups in their regions. We provide the suppliers we survey with manuals describing how to fill in required forms and what tools to use to collate results. In this way, we work to increase understanding of conflict mineral issues throughout the supply chain. In fiscal 2023 we conducted surveys in 10 markets Japan, the U.S., Mexico, Europe, China, Thailand, India, South Africa and Brazil, and Argentina. No suppliers were found to be using minerals from smelters / refineries believed to be connected to armed groups. Going forward, we plan to make our surveys more effective by improving its methodology in conjunction with the member companies of the Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association, Inc., and the Japan Auto Parts Industries Association. We will also continue to seek responses from suppliers that did not reply to the survey. We are aware that cobalt poses geopolitical risks, environmental damage and human rights issues during mining. We have conducted interviews with lithium-ion battery suppliers, from the viewpoint of cobalt content, and since 2018, we have been working to identify supply chains and smelters and refiners. The results are disclosed annually in our “Actions for minerals sourcing” report.*3 The head of the Purchasing Department is responsible for conducting supply chain due diligence with the cooperation of the R&D Division, Sustainability Development Department, and other related divisions, and reports the results to the Global Sustainability Steering Committee. The results are also appropriately reported to the Executive Committee (EC), Nissan’s highest decision-making body, for use in determining future initiatives. Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 087

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 087
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety

[PAGE 89]
Communities Approach to relationship with local communities In addition to delivering innovative, exciting vehicles and outstanding services to customers worldwide, Nissan believes it is important to play an active role as a community member, applying its special characteristics to contribute further to society. When a company provides a range of resources to communities, supporting their development and proactively tackling issues, it is, in part, fulfilling its social responsibility as a good corporate citizen. Such actions also benefit fostering a better business environment, creating new markets that can grow sustainably and leading to growth for both the company and the local communities. We work with a variety of stakeholders, both governmental and nongovernmental, pooling our respective strengths to address increasingly complex social issues. In line with Nissan’s corporate social contribution policies, regional offices and affiliates work on initiatives that address issues relevant to their operations and the communities in which they operate. *1 Click here for more information on the Global Sustainability Steering Committee. >>> P010 Community engagement initiatives Nissan focuses on activities in the areas of providing learning opportunities and living aid in local communities with the goal of solving social issues through “Nissan-ness” as well as to empowering youth and children in communities by 2030. We will not only provide financial assistance in these areas but also ensure that those activities are highly original making full use of our automotive heritage, expertise, products, and facilities. In addition to cooperating in local events, Nissan conducts activities to improve the environment around its business sites, such as cleanup events, and opens its own facilities to the public. Employees also proactively join local activities as volunteers. Community engagement management Nissan has production sites globally, increasing the company’s engagement with local communities through its businesses. Nissan is active in promoting social contribution activities and recognizes that contributing to the development of communities by sharing its own management resources in each local community also enhances the business environment and promotes market growth. In such activities, common policies and targets are decided at the global level and implemented in each region. We have developed a wide range of activities to meet the needs of regions centered on the two focus areas of providing learning opportunities and living aid in local communities that were set forth in our approach revised in 2023. Company organization for community engagement The Global Sustainability Steering Committee*1 discusses and determines Nissan’s approach to the community engagement and global goals. The person in charge of community engagement in each country or region plans activities in line with global direction and reports the progress at GSSC. Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 088

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 088
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety

[PAGE 90]
Two focus areas for Nissan’s social contributions program Providing learning opportunities Nissan believes in the importance of empowering youth and children to realize a more inclusive society and is working to provide them with more learning opportunities. Nissan offers a variety of educational programs, for example, eco school to deepen understanding of climate change, Monozukuri lessons to leverage the creativity and technology that Nissan has cultivated since its founding, and so on. Living aid in local communities Nissan respects the rights of all stakeholders and provides a wide range of support around the world to help solve social issues. This includes financial and material support to the socially and economically disadvantaged, psychological care and other intangible support, and emergency aid to victims of natural disasters and humanitarian crises and the like in accordance with the needs of local communities. *1 Click here for more information on Support for the 2024 Noto Peninsula Earthquake https://global.nissannews.com/en/releases/240112-02-e Contributing to local communities: Achievements Social contribution achievements in FY2023 Cumulative number of employees participating in global social contribution activities: Approximately 46,000 Cumulative number of beneficiaries from global social contribution activities: Over 1.2 million Global social contributions: 2.46 billion yen Social contributions include: ・ Expenses for implementing philanthropic activities (excluding labor costs) ・ Monetary donations and NPO membership fees for philanthropic purposes ・ Cash equivalents of in-kind donations ・ Sponsorship fees for philanthropic initiatives Breakdown of FY2023 global social contributions Amount (¥ million) % of total Philanthropic activities 828 33.7 Monetary donations 1,166 47.5 In-kind donations (cash equivalent) 109 4.4 Sponsorships, etc. 354 14.4 Total 2,458 100 <Other humanitarian support> Support for the 2024 Noto Peninsula Earthquake: As an emergency response to the affected regions and people, Nissan provided support equivalent to 50 million yen, including financial aid and relief supplies (including the amount made available by Nissan to match donations from its employees).*1 Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 089

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 089
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety
[TABLE] Amount (¥ million) | % of total
[TABLE] Philanthropic
activities | 828 | 33.7
[TABLE] Monetary donations | 1,166 | 47.5
[TABLE] In-kind donations
(cash equivalent) | 109 | 4.4
[TABLE] Sponsorships, etc. | 354 | 14.4
[TABLE] Total | 2,458 | 100

[PAGE 91]
Social contribution achievements *1 Nissan has conducted environmental and STEAM*2 education for children in Japan and various countries to meet the diverse needs of local communities. Moreover, we have contributed to local societies through collaboration with NGOs and local governments. The followings are representative activities in each region in fiscal 2023. *1 Click here for more information on social contribution activities in each country. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/SOCIAL/CITIZENSHIP/ *2 STEAM:Science, Technology, Engineering, Art, Mathematics Since 2005, we have continued to partner with the NGO Habitat for Humanity (Habitat), an international aid organization that has a vision of “a world where everyone has a decent place to live”. The nonprofit works to build homes and support self-sufficiency in more than 70 countries around the world. NNA and NCI employees have volunteered at Nissan-funded build sites. Partnership with Habitat for Humanity (U.S. and Canada) Cumulative number of hours of employee participation: Over 112,000 Total number of employee participants: 778 (Fiscal 2023) In 2023, participated in 12 house build projects. Cumulative donations: Over $21 million Achievements U.S. To prevent forest fires, which are a cause of air pollution in Thailand, Nissan Motor Thailand (NMT) has been providing support activities in collaboration with Chiang Mai Province since 2021, providing vehicles and supplies for fire prevention activities. In February 2024, employees of NMT and dealers volunteered in building a dam to prevent forest fires. Support for Forest Fire Rescue (Thailand) Total number of employee participants: 20 (Fiscal 2023) Achievements Providing Educational Opportunities to Children: Nissan Skills Foundation (U.K.) Established in 2014, the Foundation has provided school children with Nissan’s own environment and monozukuri programs, as well as supported local teams in schools through three external international education programs: VEX IQ Robotics, FIRST LEGO League, and F1 by providing equipment, funding, and knowledge. Cumulative number of students supported: Over 90,000 Total number of employee participants:1,385 (Fiscal 2023) Achievements Nissan Dream Classroom, an educational program to support elementary school students, has been implemented since 2013. The program has gradually expanded its content and regions of operation, and now offers a wide variety of lessons including the environment, manufacturing, design, painting, intelligent driving, and the fundamentals of automotive culture and engineering. Educational Support for Children and Youth: Nissan Dream Classroom (China) Cumulative number of students participating: Over 2.2 million Total number of employee participants: 100 (Fiscal 2023) In 2023, winner in 3 organization 4 divisions Achievements The program has promoted understanding of global environmental issues, and introduced Nissan’s environmental initiatives. It also has provided participants with experience of the latest green technologies through test ride in the Nissan LEAF and other activities. School-visit Program for Environmental Education: Nissan Waku-Waku Eco School (Japan) Number of schools visited: 138 (Fiscal 2023) Total number of employee participants: 849 (Fiscal 2023) Cumulative number of students participating: 138,590 Achievements Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 090

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 090
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety

[PAGE 92]
Contributing to local communities and stakeholders Proof-of-concept experiment for community development using new mobility In 2021, Nissan signed the Collaboration Agreement for Community Development Utilizing New Mobility in the Hamadori Region of Fukushima Prefecture together with the three municipalities of Minami Sohma City, Namie Town, and Futaba Town as well as seven corporations. It has been working on proof-of-concept experiments to build a new mobility service that will serve as a transportation infrastructure to support regional activities. The activities of the agreement, which have been undertaken with the aim of enriching the lives of residents, creating new service, and increasing the number of people interacting with each other mainly in the Hamadori Region, have given rise to Namie Smart Mobility, an on-demand vehicle hailing service designed to allow anyone to freely move around the community, and Sumamobi Kids, a transportation service for children.*1 *1 Click here for more information on Namie Smart Mobility. (Japanese Only) https://www.smamobi.jp/ *2 Click here for more information on Blue Switch Program. (Japanese Only) https://www3.nissan.co.jp/first-contact-technology/blue-switch.html In addition, proof-of-concept experiment on energy management use of electric vehicles that started in Namie Town has begun in earnest as Nissan Energy Share. On February 14, 2024, in the third year of the project, the third Hamadori Collaboration Agreement Summit in Namie Town -A town where future life is budding, was held in Namie Town, Fukushima Prefecture, to review past activities and discuss future prospects under the concept of moving from validation to implementation. The event was attended by approximately 200 people from a wide range of fields, including not only local officials, but also government agencies, partner companies, and students. Blue Switch Program: Contributing to Sustainable and Resilient Society with EVs Launched in Japan in 2018, Blue Switch*2 is a program to promote the use of electric vehicles (EVs) to address local issues, such as disaster relief, energy management, tourism, and other points, in collaboration with local governments and companies. Since Nissan launched the Blue Switch initiative in Japan, 254 cooperations have been realized with local governments and private companies to collaborate on projects as of the end of March 2024, and many more regional partnerships are planned. In response to the Noto Peninsula Earthquake that occurred on January 1, 2024, Nissan worked to supply electricity to the affected areas. Based on the agreement with the Ishikawa Prefectural Government, Nissan, in collaboration with its sales companies in the prefecture, provided a total of eight Nissan ARIYA and 100 Portable Batteries from LEAF, which are repurposed from used Nissan LEAF batteries, to the towns of Anamizu and Suzu in times of power outages. As a pioneering EV company, Nissan is committed to promoting new ways to use EVs and their batteries to realize a cleaner world and a sustainable society. Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 091

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 091
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety

[PAGE 93]
At Nissan, employees are the cornerstone for creating the various values needed to achieve our long-term vision, Nissan Ambition 2030, and in turn, our corporate purpose of “Driving innovation to enrich people’s lives.” HR Ambition 2030*1 is Nissan’s human resources strategy for achieving Nissan Ambition 2030, under which we foster a corporate culture where employees learn and demonstrate their abilities and potential, and the company and employees continue to grow together. Under the NSP2030 social initiatives program, we have taken relevant human resource initiatives from HR Ambition 2030 and have defined them as “the power of employees.” We have set goals for 2030 in the four areas of employee human rights; diversity, equity and inclusion; learning and development; and health and safety. The initiatives are aimed to help Nissan become a people-centric company that grows together with employees, local communities, and partners. *1 Please refer to the 2023 Securities Report (P27) for details of HR Ambition 2030. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/IR/LIBRARY/FR/2023/ASSETS/PDF/fr2023.pdf#page=29 *2 “Engagement” consists of two parameters“: Satisfaction with working at Nissan” and“ I can recommend Nissan as a great place to work.” *3 Five priority areas: Enablement (environment that supports employee motivation and ease of working to facilitate achievement of full potential); Corporate ethics; Leadership; Corporate culture; and diversity, equity and inclusion. *4 Approximately 101,000 people responded globally. (91% participation rate) Power of employees - to demonstrate individual’s potential to the fullest - Global Employee Survey For Nissan, employees are our greatest asset. Since 2005, we have conducted Global Employee Survey to continuously improve employee engagement with the aim of creating an inclusive organization in which each and every one of our diverse human resources can demonstrate their capabilities and grow over the medium to long term. We continuously monitor “Engagement”*2 as key indicators, as well as five priority areas*3 that have high precedence throughout the company. Survey results are disclosed internally and analyzed by each division and in each region, with improvement activities conducted under the direct ownership of top management. These key indicators are also set as one of the evaluation indicators for annual bonuses for executives and management-level employees. In the recent fiscal years, we have been focusing improvement activities on issues that include accelerating decision-making and improving psychological safety. The Global Employee Survey*4 was conducted in February 2024 showed 2 points improvement over the previous year in the “Engagement” score. Scores also improved steadily in all five focus areas. Engagement score 67 69 71 2021 2022 2023 100 80 60 40 20 0 ※ Score for the entire Nissan Group, including affiliated companies Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 092

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 092
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety

[PAGE 94]
Approach to employee human rights Nissan has been a member of the United Nations Global Compact since 2004, observing its universal principles on human rights, labor, the environment, and anti-corruption. Nissan promotes the management of sustainability strategies pursuant to the Compact’s ten principles. Nissan also respects human rights as stated in the International Labour Organization (ILO) Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work (ILO Core Labour Standards). Nissan respects the ILO Core Labour Standards, which include freedom of association and effective recognition of the right to collective bargaining; the elimination of all forms of forced labor; the effective abolition of child labor, elimination of discrimination in respect of employment; and safe and healthy working conditions. In cases where there is a gap between domestic law and the above internationally recognized human rights standards, we will follow the higher standard. In cases of conflict between the above, we will pursue methods that maximize respect for internationally recognized human rights. In 2021 Nissan formulated and published the Nissan Global Guideline on Human Rights,*1 which outlines specific measures for employees regarding respect for human rights, with the aim of ensuring compliance with and thorough implementation of the Nissan Human Rights Policy Statement.*2 The guideline is intended to support Nissan employees in the countries and regions where Nissan operates feel more secure in their work and to ensure consistency between Nissan’s activities and the way the company addresses human rights issues as required by international and local communities. We are strengthening *1 Click here for more information on the Nissan Global Guideline on Human Rights. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/LIBRARY/HUMAN_RIGHTS_GUIDELINE/ *2 Click here for more information on the Nissan Human Rights Policy Statement. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/LIBRARY/HUMAN_RIGHTS/ various activities to respect the fundamental rights of our employees. In the Nissan Social Program 2030, “Employee Human Rights” is included as one of the key areas under the focus area of the Power of employees. The program aims to respect human rights to realize “People centric”. The area for employees is driven by HR strategies, which includes initiatives such as expanding the scope of human rights due diligence and enhancing training. Furthermore, to promote human rights initiatives for our employees, we formulated a human rights strategy for our employees in fiscal 2023. The human rights strategy defines the direction Nissan should take and identifies the human rights issues on which we should focus our efforts to realize what Nissan should achieve in respect for human rights. Nissan has long positioned respect for human rights as the foundation of its corporate culture in its corporate purpose, the Nissan Way, Global Code of Conduct, and other documents. We intend to incorporate these principles into specific activities through the formulation of a human rights strategy. In defining the direction we should aim for, we have embodied the corporate-level roadmap created in 2021 from the perspective of employees through surveys of the internal and external environment and the like. To realize what we should achieve in respect for human rights in light of external expectations, we classify our activities into “defensive” maintenance and strengthening and “offensive” construction and maintenance, aiming to meet the human rights expectations of our stakeholders. Furthermore, in formulating the plan, we received assistance from independent external human rights experts to identify human rights issues to focus on, and conducted engagement with key rights holders, such as employees. Specifically, we interviewed more than 30 diverse internal and external rights holders to hear their feedback on human rights issues and improvement measures from a variety of perspectives and to clarify them. We will continue to further raise the level of our commitment to respect human rights by deepening our system and culture of respect for human rights (e.g., human rights training) and creating value through respect for human rights (e.g., stakeholder engagement). Employee human rights Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 093

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 093
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety

[PAGE 95]
Employee human rights management Based on the concept of fostering a people-centric corporate culture, Nissan is working to create a workplace environment where employees can work with peace of mind. In this context, respecting the human rights of employees is essential for an organization, and Nissan has created a structure to systematically address this issue. As part of our human rights governance structure, we have established a Global Sustainability Steering Committee, chaired by the Chief Sustainability Officer (CSO) and reporting to the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee, to promote activities that respect human rights. The details of this committee are also reported to the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee for feedback. In addition, at the day-to-day management level, each functional department, such as purchasing and human resources, is promoting efforts to respect human rights, and a structure has been established whereby the sustainability development department, which oversees human rights initiatives, is regularly updated on progress. Particularly in human rights due diligence, where external expectations are high, we are promoting activities in alignment with the global and regional teams within the human resources department. Under the “Value Diversity and Provide Equal Opportunity” code within the Global Code of Conduct,*1 Nissan requires its employees to respect and value the diversity found among the company’s employees, business partners, customers, and communities, while rejecting discrimination and harassment in all forms, regardless of magnitude. Nissan executives and employees must respect the human rights of others and may not discriminate against or harass others based on race, ethnicity, national origin, culture, religion, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression/ identity, disability, marital status or any other characteristic; *1 Click here for more information on the Global Code of Conduct. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/LIBRARY/ASSETS/PDF/NISSAN_GCC_E.pdf *2 Click here for more information on management of compliance with business ethics. >>>P136 *3 Click here for more information on the internal reporting system. >>>P136-137 nor may they allow such a situation to go unchecked if discovered. We also endeavor to ensure that all employees, regardless of gender identify, can work in an environment free from sexual and other forms of harassment. As a specific measure to achieve this goal, we have introduced mandatory e-learning programs on human rights and compliance with the aim of advancing employees’ awareness of such issues. *2 In addition, we have implemented a system called SpeakUp,*3 which enables internal reporting of any suspected breaches of all internal policies, including the Global Code of Conduct. Employees’ human rights achievements As part of human rights due diligence, we worked with external organizations to conduct human rights assessments at Nissan South Africa (Pty) in fiscal 2019, Nissan Motor Thailand (NMT), Nissan Powertrain (Thailand) and SNN Tools & Dies in fiscal 2020, Nissan North America in fiscal 2021, and Nissan (China) Investment Co., Ltd. in fiscal 2022. Also in fiscal 2022, based on our past experience and achievements in human rights due diligence, we formulated a human rights risk assessment process and decided to further expand the scope of employee human rights due diligence to cover more than 80% of our global workforce each year, considering the risks from business and sustainability perspectives. In fiscal 2023, the first year of the new process, we conducted human rights assessments at Nissan Philippines, Inc., Nissan Mexicana, S.A. De C. V. , and Nissan Motor Manufacturing (UK) Ltd. as part of our human rights due diligence, in accordance with the Nissan Human Rights Policy Statement and the Nissan Global Guideline on Human Rights, as in previous years. In this human rights assessment, we continued to gain support from third parties, leveraging their expertise. We conducted a self-assessment using a questionnaire, as was done in the previous assessments, then gained more comprehensive knowledge of the situation through interviews with local employees. In selecting interviewees, we considered attributes such as employment status, job title, gender, and race in order to include diverse perspectives. The assessment criteria incorporated international standards from the International Labor Organization (ILO) and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 094

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 094
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety

[PAGE 96]
(OECD), as well as the Nissan Global Guideline on Human Rights while also incorporating compliance with local laws and regulations. In addition, we also identified risks in consideration of geographical, economic, and social factors, such as identifying areas to be investigated based on a preliminary understanding of general labor practices and corporate culture in the region through interviews with local experts. Human rights risks that were identified and assessed were addressed through the implementation of remediation activities and dialogue with affected stakeholders to cease prevent or mitigate adverse human rights impacts. *1 Seven themes (evaluation items): Labor management system & access to remedy, forced labor, child labor & young workers, working conditions, discrimination, freedom of association, and health and safety This system will be applied globally and will continue to be managed by the Global Sustainability Steering Committee, which includes the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee as its upper-level committees, while continuously monitoring the progress and effectiveness of improvement activities in each theme with local employees. The human rights risks detected in the assessment are fed back to the scoped entities as recommendations, and the status of responses and the effectiveness of actions taken are continuously followed up by the Global Headquarters. Recommendations and follow-up status are also reported to the Global Sustainability Steering Committee, which evaluates whether any important issues have been overlooked and whether actions taken were appropriate, and links them to future activities. The assessment did not suggest any inconsistencies with local laws. The assessment identified potential areas which the scoped entities could consider revising to better reflect the seven themes*1 outlined in the Nissan Global Guideline on Human Rights. We considered and implemented mitigation measures for each of those that were recognized as being at actual risk. Specific examples that were detected included sanitary conditions at facilities at the Mexico site and the lack of medical kits for employees at the U.K. site. For each of these, we presented recommendations for action, for example, renovation of some facilities and appropriate deployment of safety equipment, with the local person in charge. Recommendations were given deadlines, and through periodic confirmations with local persons in charge, the actual actions taken, and the results of those confirmations were reviewed for improvements, lessons learned, and items to be incorporated into future HRDD processes. Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 095 Employee: Human rights assessment process SAQ HRDD 2 HRDD1 Apr.-May Jun.-Sep. Oct.-Mar. Out of 10 points A:≧8 B:≧6 & <8 C:≦5 Grade of HRDD Questionnaire distribution Evaluation (taking into account the evaluation index and the points raised) A Grade B Grade C Grade Prioritized entity Low risk High risk Interview Evaluate Provide guidance for improvement Conduct follow-up With comment Make Improvement plans by the entity Send feedback report Next fiscal year process

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 095
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety
[TABLE] Grade of
HRDD
Out of 10 points
A：≧8
B：≧6 & <8
C：≦5
[TABLE] Next fiscal year process
[TABLE] Grade of
HRDD
[TABLE] Out of 10 points
A：≧8
B：≧6 & <8
C：≦5
[TABLE] H
R
D
D
② | Interview
Evaluate
Provide guidance for improvement
With
comment
Conduct follow-up
[TABLE] Inter | view
[TABLE] Eval | uate
[TABLE] Provide guidance | for improvement
[TABLE] Conduct | follow-up

[PAGE 97]
Diversifying workstyles with “Happy 8” Nissan has striven to create workplaces that let individual employees choose from a wide range of workstyles to suit their values and life needs through its “Happy 8” workstyle reform.*1 Employee education and training related to human rights, internal reporting system “Nissan Human Rights e-learning,” a mandatory training program for all global employees established in fiscal 2021, focuses on introducing the contents of Nissan Human Rights Policy Statement and the Nissan Global Guideline on Human Rights and consists of a CEO/CSO message, a definition of human rights, business and human rights, respect for human rights at Nissan, case studies, and tests. The training content is designed so that participants can learn basic knowledge related to human rights systematically and practice respect for human rights in their daily work. This training program was first introduced to indirect employees in Japan, and in fiscal 2023, it was in the middle of expanding to all directors and indirect employees at overseas consolidated bases, with a participation rate of 87.3% in Japan, 81.9% in ASEAN, 99.7% in China (NCIC), 98.5% in Americas and 84% in AMIEO region. In addition, direct employees working at plants learned about concepts and approaches pertaining to respect for human rights, focusing on the Nissan Human Rights Policy Statement and the Nissan Global Guideline on Human Rights during video training on the Global Code of Conduct. Training was conducted at regular shift start meetings at all global plants or through an in-person classroom format. Furthermore, as described in the Global Code of Conduct, employees can submit inquiries related to human rights issues via the SpeakUp*2 global reporting system. We are committed to investigating, addressing, and responding to *1 Click here for more information on “Happy 8” workstyle reform. >>> P104 *2 Click here for more information on the internal reporting system. >>> P136-137 any concerns reported, and employees who make inquiries are protected from any form of retaliation. With the aim of promoting efforts to respect human rights together with suppliers, we established a supplier contact point to receive reports of human rights violations by Nissan employees during fiscal 2023. We have also established an internal process for human rights serious allegations and are working with our overseas offices to strengthen our response. Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 096

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 096
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety

[PAGE 98]
Approach to diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) Nissan is committed to be a truly diverse, equitable and inclusive company that empowers everyone to challenge themselves and drive innovations that make a difference. As we transform the way people live and drive, our ambition is to further deepen and advance Nissan’s DEI initiatives, ensuring that everyone is valued and respected while actively contributing to a more inclusive world. Our statement Nissan’s commitment to DEI starts with our people and culture. We aim to give everyone a voice and the opportunity to realize their full potential. Under the Nissan Social Program 2030 (NSP2030), we will promote initiatives with the goal of realizing an inclusive and exciting company that values uniqueness. In an increasingly complex and changing world, we need to bring together diverse teams to address and cater our products to the different needs of customers and societies. The emphasis on DEI will help us to be truly inclusive with our innovations as we continue to deliver the future of mobility and enrich the world we live in. Diversity We define diversity as the need to embrace differences. This means recognizing and respecting different values and backgrounds such as race, ethnicity, national origin, culture, religion, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression and identity, disability, marital status, age, career or academic background and lifestyle. Diverse perspectives are necessary to promote innovation. Equity We see equity as the need to provide fair opportunities for everyone based on each individuals’ situation. Equity also empowers the inclusion of different values and backgrounds within Nissan helping to create greater value through bold and diverse innovations. Inclusion We define inclusion as the need to create a work environment where every individual can maximize their potential. At Nissan, we seek to foster an inclusive culture by actively bringing everyone across the business together. Furthermore, we want to ensure that everyone has a part to play in the decision-making process and their voices can be heard no matter their role in the company. Diversity, equity and inclusion work together to ensure that Nissan maximizes its talent to drive innovation. Diversity, equity and inclusion Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 097

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 097
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety

[PAGE 99]
Signing the Women’s Empowerment Principles In August 2023, Nissan signed the UN Women’s Empowerment Principles (WEPs), which are seven principles established by the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) and UN Women.*1 *1 Click here for further information on CEO Makoto Uchida’s comments. https://global.nissannews.com/en/releases/nissan-signs-un-womens-empowerment-principles - Determine and implement regional strategy aligned with global strategy - Monitor regional progress and discuss regional issues Global DEI Council Report Sharing direction - Determine and implement a global strategy - Monitor global progress and discuss global issues - Lead corporate communication of DEI Americas ASEAN Japan China AMIEO (Africa, Middle East, India, Europe, Oceania) Regional DEI Council Regional DEI Council NML DEI Council Regional DEI Council Regional DEI Council Diversity, equity and inclusion management DEI decision-making and action-driving bodies Nissan has a framework to promote DEI worldwide through collaboration between the corporate organization and each region. Global DEI Council ・ Chaired by the CEO. Members are executives representing divisions and regions. ・ Share, discuss and make decisions on DEI strategies and direction. Regional DEI Council ・ Organizations for promoting DEI in each region ・ Chaired by the senior management of each region and members are executives representing each division. ・ Makes decisions on DEI strategies and direction in each region aligned with that of the corporate organization. Organizations promoting DEI ・ The promotion of DEI is spearheaded by dedicated organizations or specific individuals in Japan and each region where we have a business presence. They manage the DEI Council, collaborate among departments, and lead the development and execution of DEI strategies in each region aligned with the global DEI strategy. Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 098

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 098
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety
[TABLE] - Determine and implement a global
Global DEI Council
strategy
- Monitor global progress and discuss
global issues
Sharing direction Report - Lead corporate communication of DEI
[TABLE] Regional DEI Council Regional DEI Council NML DEI Council Regional DEI Council Regional DEI Council
Americas ASEAN Japan AMIEO China
(Africa, Middle East, India,
Europe, Oceania)
- Determine and implement regional strategy aligned with global strategy
- Monitor regional progress and discuss regional issues

[PAGE 100]
Diversity, equity and inclusion achievements Our actions Nissan’s basic philosophy is to work to enable each of its diverse employees to reach their full potential while taking into consideration each individual’s situation and recognizing differences. With an inclusive mindset, we uphold a diverse work culture that provides equitable opportunity with greater work life balance for all, and our employees are expected to empower and help each other to deepen understanding of different cultures, people and experience. Our business partners, customers and the communities where we operate are to be respected in the same way. Alongside this, each region and market where Nissan is present follows our global policy that defines roles each individual should play, while also developing their own approach to focus on diverse local environments. Cultivating a corporate culture that promotes DEI Nissan offers many opportunities to develop a better understanding of mutual differences. Positioned as the foundation of the Our Nissan corporate culture reform initiative, through DEI we aim to cultivate a more inclusive corporate culture by providing opportunities for various dialogues, listening to and recognizing employees’ voices, and creating an environment in which employees can communicate freely and openly. *1 Click here for information on the DEI session at the Nissan Sustainability Seminar 2023 : https://global.nissannews.com/en/releases/nissan-sustainability-seminar-2023?origin=channel-NNG243 *2 Click here for information on the DEI section of the corporate website : https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/SOCIAL/DIVERSITY/ Actions to deepen mutual understanding Equity means recognizing differences in the circumstances of each individual and obtaining and providing the right tools and opportunities suitable for each. To deepen understanding of these ideas, we have introduced DEI- themed training. Details Global DEI e-learning Mandatory training designed to deepen Nissan employees’ understanding of DEI and create a workplace infused with it. Unconscious bias e-learning This training is provided to all indirect employees so they can learn the influence of the unconscious bias that everyone has as well as techniques to mitigate its effects. Gender diversity e-learning (Japan) Aiming to create and implement an environment in which each individual, regardless of gender, can maximize their abilities as part of a diverse team. LGBTQ+ e-learning (Japan) Aiming to make everyone feel comfortable at work, we are implementing mandatory training for all employees to learn about LGBTQ+. Human rights and DEI training (Japan) Workshops and training are conducted to ensure a proper understanding of human rights and their association with DEI to inculcate how everyone should act and contribute. Open communication At Nissan, we value open communication that fosters a sense of unity across different positions and years of service. We provide a variety of opportunities for dialogue so everyone can share their ideas, respect differences and bring in unique perspectives. Practicing inclusive leadership Nissan leaders are expected to understand the needs of each team member and colleague while at the same time creating an inclusive work environment. The DEI concept is included in the Nissan Leadership Way, which defines the leadership values and actions each individual should take. Main initiatives Executive workshop The themes of this event are “Team strategies for increasingly diverse organizations” and “Conscious inclusion.” Through discussions and exchanges of opinion, we are fostering the DEI mindset in organizational management. Diversity management training As part of the training for new senior managers, participants acquire the mindset to manage diverse staff and maximize results for both individuals and the team through experiential learning that takes DEI issues and responses into consideration. Childcare leave e-learning (Japan) Once the childcare leave system is understood, this program helps managers and supervisors learn how to lead their teams in day-to-day management using the balancing of work with childcare and paternity leave as a starting point. Main initiatives Town hall meetings We communicate DEI Council activities to employees at departmental meetings and other events. Talk sessions with leaders We promote an understanding of DEI by communicating management experiences, thoughts and expectations for employees through fireside chats, round tables and other events. *1 Workshops and opinion exchanges We continuously conduct workshops on the theme of DEI. Main initiatives Global diversity awareness month We have opportunities to reconsider and discuss the importance of DEI through executive officer messages, employees interviews and panel discussions. DEI forum These events are held to discuss DEI topics with outside speakers and to provide opportunities for employees to think about them. DEI handbook This handbook is published to explain the mindset and action guidelines required to deepen employee understanding of DEI and share these values. The materials are translated into a variety of languages and used in each region. Intranet newsletter Information on various events and training programs, implementation reports and other DEI-related content are posted on the company intranet. We also regularly issue an e-mail magazine to promote DEI throughout the company. Corporate website DEI section*2 As one of the key pillars of our management strategy, Nissan’s vision, initiatives and top management messages are publicly disclosed on our corporate website. Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 099

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 099
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety
[TABLE] Main initiatives
[TABLE] Global diversity awareness month | We have opportunities to reconsider and discuss the
importance of DEI through executive officer messages,
employees interviews and panel discussions.
[TABLE] DEI forum | These events are held to discuss DEI topics with outside
speakers and to provide opportunities for employees to think
about them.
[TABLE] DEI handbook | This handbook is published to explain the mindset and action
guidelines required to deepen employee understanding of
DEI and share these values. The materials are translated into
a variety of languages and used in each region.
[TABLE] Intranet newsletter | Information on various events and training programs,
implementation reports and other DEI-related content are
posted on the company intranet. We also regularly issue an
e-mail magazine to promote DEI throughout the company.
[TABLE] Corporate website DEI section*2 | As one of the key pillars of our management strategy,
Nissanʼs vision, initiatives and top management messages are
publicly disclosed on our corporate website.
[TABLE] Details
[TABLE] Global DEI
e-learning | Mandatory training designed to deepen Nissan employeesʼ
understanding of DEI and create a workplace infused with it.
[TABLE] Unconscious bias e-learning | This training is provided to all indirect employees so they can
learn the influence of the unconscious bias that everyone has
as well as techniques to mitigate its effects.
[TABLE] Gender diversity
e-learning (Japan) | Aiming to create and implement an environment in which
each individual, regardless of gender, can maximize their
abilities as part of a diverse team.
[TABLE] LGBTQ+
e-learning (Japan) | Aiming to make everyone feel comfortable at work, we are
implementing mandatory training for all employees to learn
about LGBTQ+.
[TABLE] Human rights and DEI training
(Japan) | Workshops and training are conducted to ensure a proper
understanding of human rights and their association with DEI
to inculcate how everyone should act and contribute.
[TABLE] Main initiatives
[TABLE] Executive workshop | The themes of this event are “Team strategies for increasingly
diverse organizations” and “Conscious inclusion.” Through
discussions and exchanges of opinion, we are fostering the
DEI mindset in organizational management.
[TABLE] Diversity management training | As part of the training for new senior managers, participants
acquire the mindset to manage diverse staff and maximize
results for both individuals and the team through experiential
learning that takes DEI issues and responses into
consideration.
[TABLE] Childcare leave e-learning
(Japan) | Once the childcare leave system is understood, this program
helps managers and supervisors learn how to lead their teams
in day-to-day management using the balancing of work with
childcare and paternity leave as a starting point.
[TABLE] Main initiatives
[TABLE] Town hall meetings | We communicate DEI Council activities to employees at
departmental meetings and other events.
[TABLE] Talk sessions with leaders | We promote an understanding of DEI by communicating
management experiences, thoughts and expectations for
employees through fireside chats, round tables and other
events. *1
[TABLE] Workshops and opinion
exchanges | We continuously conduct workshops on the theme of DEI.

[PAGE 101]
Actions to maximize the abilities of each individual To ensure employees of all backgrounds remain highly motivated and engaged, Nissan strives to create an environment that maximizes their abilities by providing learning and development opportunities. Gender diversity initiatives Having women in positions of influence not only provides new perspectives, but also leads to improved internal policies and systems that are more equitable. Furthermore, Nissan recognizes the current gender gap and continues to work toward its elimination as we believe it affects aspects of our corporate culture such as diversity in the workplace. As a result of such initiatives, the percentage of women among Nissan managers globally has increased from 6.7% in 2008 to 15.9 % in March 2024. Nissan empowers women globally. *1 *2 *3 As a result of these various initiatives, women now comprise 10.7% of managers in Japan as of March 2024. This compares favorably to the average of 4.9% for Japanese manufacturers with 1,000 or more employees (according to the 2023 Basic Survey on Wage Structure from Japan’s Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare). As of March 2024, 9.0% of positions from the level of general manager and up are filled by women. This is 4.5 times larger than the 2008 level of 2.0%. Nissan aims to bring the ratio of women in management closer to the overall percentage of woman indirect employees in Japan. To accomplish this, we aim to raise the woman ratio of indirect employees to 30% by actively accelerating the hiring and development of women to enrich the pipeline. *1 Refer to our Corporate Governance Report (Principle 2-4-1). Click here for more information on ensuring diversity in core human resources. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/GOVERNANCE/ASSETS/PDF/g_report.pdf *2 Click here for Nissan’s action plan based on the Act on Promotion of Women’s Participation and Advancement in the Workplace. (Japanese only) https://positive-ryouritsu.mhlw.go.jp/positivedb/detail?id=727 *3 Nissan is supporting Keidanren’s goal of having women make up 30% of executives by 2030. Click here for more information on Challenge Initiatives for 30% of Executives to be Women by 2030. https://challenge203030.com/EN.php *4 For more information on the development of systems and environments, please refer to Creating an Inclusive Environment. >>> P103 *5 Monozukuri divisions include Manufacturing, R&D, Purchasing, Design and Total Customer Satisfaction. (As of March 2024, the ratio of women managers was 10.7% and the woman ratio of indirect employees was 19.9%.) At the NML DEI Council, which discusses issues unique to Japan, “gender gap” continued to be the topic for the fiscal year 2023, and executives representing each function shared best practices and discussed the action plans for each function formulated in the previous year and discussed further measures. By implementing action plans for each function and the company-wide, we will further accelerate our efforts. The ratio of the average pay of women to that of men is 82.5%. (The ratio is among all employees as of March 2024) in NML. Although there is a gap in average pay per person due to differences in composition between men and women, such as the ratio of managers, there is no difference in treatment between men and women in pay. Continuing the initiatives previously described will narrow both the gap in the gender ratio at each job level and the average pay difference of men and women. 19.9% 10.7% 9.0% General managers Senior managers Staff ・Development plan based on the succession plans ・Development programs for executive candidates ・Opportunities for dialogue with executives ・Self Career Dock: Introduced in fiscal 2023 to promote and support employee career development, combining career consulting and career training. ・Career development meetings: Career development meetings are held for women employees before they assume managerial positions. In these meetings, supervisors, the Human Resources Department and career advisors discuss development plans and measures to ensure continued success. ・Leadership training outside the company ・Monozukuri divisions*5 training: Monozukuri divisions career development training for women employees in Monozukuri divisions. Diverse subordinates management training for their supervisors. ・Career roundtables, networking, and role models: We encourage networking between women Nissan managers and external women talents. In addition, through an intranet dedicated to DEI, employees can watch interviews and gain perspectives from successful women employees who are building careers in their own way. ・Strengthen DEI branding and communication for women students: Seminars, publicity focused in numerous media outlets and university visits Woman employee ratio (Japan) Main initiatives (Japan) <Woman level-based human resource development initiatives> (Japan) *4 Discuss and provide career-support measures tailored to individual situations Career development meetings Mentoring program Individual counseling sessions on career with in-house career advisors Internal and external elective training ! Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 100

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 100
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety

[PAGE 102]
Initiatives at car development/production sites and dealers (Japan) Car development stage We listened carefully to the voices of our women customers throughout the design and development process of the Nissan X-Trail. It went on to be named the Best Large SUV in the Women’s World Car of the Year 2023. It is the only international award made up exclusively of women automotive journalists.*1 Production sites We are helping to create production lines that allow anybody to work regardless of age or gender. We are also developing processes in which not only women but people with special physical needs can play an active role. In 2016, the Nissan group’s first forewoman and supervisor was appointed at the Oppama Plant (Yokosuka, Kanagawa Prefecture). In such an environment, other employees also feel they can further their careers. Also, with the aim of promoting the acceptance of diversity and creating comfortable workplace environments for all employees, informative videos are provided to technicians and seminars are conducted for foremen and general foremen. The videos and seminars explain what inclusion actually means and how it can be implemented in the workplace. *1 Click here for more information on the award. https://global.nissannews.com/en/releases/release-0cbaaa35cd823cb7d80b7f6fb01f3d71-nissan-x-trail-awarded-best-large-suv-by-ww-car-of-the-year-2023 *2 Nissan has introduced self-care initiatives for both men and women, including Femtech, which refers to products and services that offer solutions to women’s health issues such as menopause, menstruation and fertility treatment. *3 Referred to as Business Synergy Teams (BSTs) in the Americas Nissan Group. Dealers Many women car-life advisors (CAs) are active in our dealers nationwide in Japan and a woman president has been appointed at a dealership. As of the end of February 2024, 1,146 women CAs were employed across Japan. The ratio of women CAs is 11.4%. In addition, women technical advisors (TAs) have been appointed to serve as bridges between customers and dealer technicians. Development of women leaders Following the appointment of Lavanya Wadgaonkar as a corporate vice president in April 2024, there are now eight women in top management and director positions at Nissan’s global headquarters in Japan (as of June 2024. On the Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. board of directors, three independent outside directors are women.) We are continuing to implement development programs for candidates for women leaders. Health promotion support service (Japan) By focusing on and improving areas often neglected by people feeling unwell, including Femtech*2 and sleep improvement, Nissan promotes a work environment that facilitates improved productivity and the realization of a work- life balance. We provide online seminars and medical support for employees and their families and partners to promote understanding of various health issues, including those specific to women such as menopause, as well as treatment for infertility ̶ which can affect both men and women. The third DEI forum held in fiscal 2023 focused the theme “Femtech for DEI promotion,” and provided an opportunity for employees to think about the relationship between DEI and Femtech as well as health and careers. Employee resource group (ERG) *3 ERG is a network formed by a group of employees with common aspirations (identities and interests) and is supported by executives. Nissan has a variety of organizations that cater to different interests, including LGBTQ+ allies, working parents, multicultural and gender. They organize events and share knowledge and experiences to create a workplace where employees can work with more confidence and vigor. We are proactively developing activities tailored to the characteristics of each of our operations in Japan, the Americas, AMIEO (Africa, Middle East, India, Europe and Oceania) and China. Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 101

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 101
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety

[PAGE 103]
LGBTQ+ related initiatives Nissan is making both internal and external effort to support LGBTQ+ people, creating a corporate culture that embraces difference in gender identities and sexual orientations, introducing systems and facilities considerate of them, and releasing supportive message to the public. *1 Click here for more information on “Support for the engagement of senior human resources.” >>> P110 Enabling diverse human resources Initiatives on mid-career hires and senior employees Nissan has been hiring, developing and promoting talented individuals with various career backgrounds on a regular basis. We provide necessary training to employees with prior experience at other companies to enhance their performance at Nissan. Nissan’s mid-career recruitment ratio for management is higher than the average Japanese company and is even higher for indirect employees. (The mid-career recruitment ratio in management is 35.6% and for indirect employees 33.2% in Japan as of March 2024.) We also provide opportunities to senior employees. *1 Initiatives for hiring people with disabilities At Nissan, we create workplace environments and systems to provide opportunities in which people with disabilities can work to their full potential. Cross-cultural cooperation Nissan’s global workforce is composed of more than 100 nationalities. The senior management and team leadership levels also include diverse nationalities. The percentage of non-Japanese in management positions working for Nissan in Japan (6.2% as of March 2024) is high compared to other Japanese companies. In addition, 40.0% of Nissan’s executives are non-Japanese nationals. We provide opportunities to enhance skills and experience in working collaboratively across diverse cultures by acquiring knowledge through personnel exchanges among offices outside Japan and project collaborations. We also launched a multicultural employee network in 2023. The first initiative is a culture celebration event held in Japan to commemorate celebrations important in each cultural region, deepening participants’ sense of belonging and mutual understanding while facilitating networking opportunities. Activity pillars Examples of activities Fostering a climate of understanding Institutions and facilities Communication outside company ERG Original stickers representing allies LGBTQ+ e-learning required for all employees LGBTQ+ seminars held annually since 2014 PRIDE month special issue information disseminated via an email newsletter and intranet Employee Network (ERG) launched in 2016, with official ERG from 2023 Installation of multiuse restrooms Same-sex marriages and de facto marriages are also covered Leave system based on marriage reasons, provision of wedding gift money Individual health checkup schedule External consultation service Participation in Tokyo Rainbow Pride (TRP) since 2017; booth exhibit and PRIDE parade participation in 2024 CEO’s LinkedIn message Seven consecutive annual PRIDE GOLD awards for being a top LGBTQ+ supportive company Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 102

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 102
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety
[TABLE] Activity
pillars | Examples of activities
[TABLE] gnidnatsrednu
fo
etamilc
a
gniretsoF | Original stickers LGBTQ+ e-learning LGBTQ+ seminars
representing allies required for all employees held annually since 2014
ERG
Employee Network (ERG)
PRIDE month special issue launched in 2016,
information disseminated via an with official ERG from 2023
email newsletter and intranet
[TABLE] seitilicaf
dna
snoitutitsnI | Same-sex marriages and de
facto marriages are also covered Individual health
Leave system based on marriage checkup schedule
reasons, provision of wedding gift money
Installation of multiuse restrooms External consultation service
[TABLE] edistuo
noitacinummoC ynapmoc | Participation in Tokyo Rainbow
Pride (TRP) since 2017; Seven consecutive
booth exhibit and PRIDE CEO’s LinkedIn annual PRIDE GOLD
parade participation in 2024 message awards for being a top
LGBTQ+ supportive
company

[PAGE 104]
Creating an inclusive environment To realize a working environment that provides equitable opportunities and support and allows every employee to reach their full potential, Nissan believes in maintaining a work-life balance that respects individual circumstances. Balanced support (Japan) ・ We provide training and seminars to support employees balancing work and childcare as well as employees responsible for nursing care and those undergoing treatment and self-care. ・ We provide training and seminars for managers to learn how to support the careers of employees who are engaged in balancing work and childcare. ・ We have also invested in infrastructure development, including programs and facilities. We are introducing effective measures by approaching work- life balance from these three directions. Since 2022, with the aim of fostering a culture that makes it easier for men employees to take paternity leave, the following actions have been implemented: CEO Makoto Uchida announcing Nissan’s Iku-Boss*1- Declaration, distributing messages of support to employees from executives and managers, rolling out mandatory e-learning for managers, and introducing cases of childcare leave by conducting interviews with employees who have previously taken paternity leave. Building on the existing Family Support Leave, from fiscal 2024 we will establish a new Life Support Leave that can be used for medical treatment, recuperation and prevention, thereby creating an environment that can meet the individual needs of a wider range of employees. In addition, activities are also conducted from a bottom-up approach, such as Escargot ̶ an employee-led resource group set up by working parents to exchange information. Starting from fiscal 2023, executives serve as sponsors for Employee Resource Group (ERG) to support these initiatives. *1 Iku-Boss — a Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare initiative — refers to executives and managers who consider the work-life balance of their subordinates and support their careers and personal lives while achieving results in organizational performance and enjoying their own work and personal lives. An organization’s top management and executives state their aim to become an Iku-Boss by making an Iku-Boss declaration. Creating an environment conducive to achieving an optimal work–life balance Supporting employees: Career development and work–life balance support Comprehensive support for employees: For themselves, managers, mindset and infrastructure ・ Seminar for expectant parents before maternity and childcare leave ・ Reinstatement seminar Provide employees with opportunities to think about their career paths and workstyles before and after maternity and childcare leave ・ Nursing-care seminar Supporting managers who have employees engaged in work–life balance ・ Guidance on offering promotion exams before childcare leave ・ Childcare leave system e-learning for managers ・ Diversity management training for managers ・ Support for paternity leave Developing programs, facilities and other infrastructure conducive to the work-life balance of employees and fostering a culture that is supportive of employees taking childcare leave ・ Remote work program (all employees are eligible except those in manufacturing processes) ・ Super flextime without core time (core time exists at some sites) ・ Short-hour work program (for employees engaged in childcare or nursing care) ・ Family-support leave (special paid holidays for marriage, childbirth by spouse, childcare, nursing care and fertility treatment available by the hour) ・ Life Support Leave (medical treatment, recuperation, and prevention support available on an hourly basis) ・ Childcare leave (with splitting option), nursing care leave and maternity protection leave ・ Accompanying leave (three years maximum) ・ Re-employment policy ・ In-house childcare center (at five sites) 1. Supports employees by helping them balance work and childcare and perform at their best 2. Support for returning to work at the desired time without being affected by the waiting list issue ・ Lending of personal computers to employees on leave (for intranet and email access) ・ MM care room (lactation room) ・ External nursing-care hotline Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 103

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 103
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety
[TABLE] Supporting employees:
Career development and work–life balance support
[TABLE] ・ Seminar for expectant parents before maternity and childcare leave
・ Reinstatement seminar
Provide employees with opportunities to think about their career paths and workstyles before and after maternity
and childcare leave
・ Nursing-care seminar
[TABLE] Supporting managers who have
employees engaged in work–life balance
[TABLE] ・ Guidance on offering promotion exams before childcare leave
・ Childcare leave system e-learning for managers
・ Diversity management training for managers
・ Support for paternity leave
[TABLE] Developing programs, facilities and other infrastructure conducive to the work-life balance of employees and
fostering a culture that is supportive of employees taking childcare leave
[TABLE] ・ Remote work program (all employees are eligible except those in manufacturing ・ Re-employment policy
processes) ・ In-house childcare center (at five sites)
・ Super flextime without core time (core time exists at some sites) 1. Supports employees by helping them balance work and childcare and perform at
・ Short-hour work program (for employees engaged in childcare or nursing care) their best
・ Family-support leave (special paid holidays for marriage, childbirth by spouse, 2. Support for returning to work at the desired time without being affected by the
childcare, nursing care and fertility treatment available by the hour) waiting list issue
・ Life Support Leave (medical treatment, recuperation, and prevention support ・ Lending of personal computers to employees on leave (for intranet and email
available on an hourly basis) access)
・ Childcare leave (with splitting option), nursing care leave and maternity protection ・ MM care room (lactation room)
leave ・ External nursing-care hotline
・ Accompanying leave (three years maximum)

[PAGE 105]
Creating programs, facilities and other infrastructure for employees balancing work with childcare or nursing care:Establishment of in-house childcare centers The number of centers has been increasing since the company opened its first one at the Nissan Technical Center in 2005. In 2017, the first childcare center in a plant was opened at the Oppama Plant. In April 2022, Nissan opened Support systems for childbirth and childcare (Japan) Remote work program* Legally mandated For parents of both sexes * Available to all employees (excluding those in manufacturing processes) regardless of their reasons for childcare or nursing care. Decided by Nissan Allowance for babysitting Childcare centers on company sites Leave Other Days off Short-hour Work Program End of first April after child turns 2 End of first April after child turns 2 2 years old 2 years old Maternity protection leave 6 weeks before due date 8 weeks after birth Pregnancy 12 9 Childbirth 1year old 2 3 6 Maternity leave Childcare leave (with splitting option) Childcare support holiday (Family‒Support Leave): From pregnancy to childs’ 6th grade of elementary school; 12 days / year (5 paid, 7 unpaid) Short-hour work program for childcare: For employees with children through the 6th grade of elementary school; 3 hours / day its fifth in-house childcare center at the Yokohama Plant. We currently have in-house childcare centers at the Nissan Technical Center, the Nissan Global Information System Center, the Global Headquarters, the Oppama Plant and the Yokohama Plant. Their operating hours are line with the working times of each site to support the continued employment of employees. Main initiatives Happy 8 program In 2015 we introduced the Happy 8 program, a time-conscious workstyle reform emphasizing the ideal of an eight-hour workday. It aims to increase individual and organizational productivity while also improving work life, private life and health by increasing awareness among all employees of working eight hours a day. Happy Friday In February 2017, we introduced our Happy Friday program. It encourages employees to leave the office at 3 p.m. on the last Friday of each month to promote an enhanced work-life balance. Happy 8 survey We conduct an employee survey on workstyles every year to review and revise the programs that meet employees’ needs and actual conditions conveyed from the survey. Items from previous Happy 8 surveys incorporated into the program May. 2019 Expanded workplace to include locations analogous to home (spouse or blood relative homes) Oct. 2020 Expanded workplace to include public spaces Jan. 2021 Family Support Leave in one-hour units Jun. 2021 Removed upper limit on remote work hours Jul. 2023 Health promotion support service Aug. 2023 Self-Career Dock Apr. 2024 Life Support Leave Workstyle reform Happy 8 Expanding DEI to partnerships and communities Nissan will proactively contribute to the realization of a more inclusive world by expanding the scope of application of DEI concepts and activities within the company to business partners and local communities. Main initiatives (Japan) Collaborations with schools We conduct vocational lectures on the automotive industry, the work done by Nissan and the experiences of our employees. Collaborations with universities We build relationships through executive speaking engagements and corporate sponsorships. Tokyo Rainbow Pride Alongside LGBTQ+ people and their supporters (Allies), we sponsor and exhibit at events and participate in parades with the aim of realizing a society in which all people, regardless of sexual orientation or gender identity, can live their lives more freely without discrimination or prejudice. Participating member of D&I Kanagawa We endorse and participate in this initiative, which aims to realize a gender-equal society in which all people can demonstrate their individuality and strengths. Promotion of inclusive workstyles We are committed to create a working environment in which diverse employees can maximize their performance. Nissan’s remote work program has evolved since the introduction of the telecommuting system for employees balancing childcare and nursing care in 2006. Since then, reflecting the opinions of employees and management, we are expanding locations to work, setting minimum increment for working and widening the scope of eligible employees. The upper limit of hours was eliminated in 2021 to expand the system. Super-flextime without core time* *Core time exists at some sites *For all employees except those in manufacturing processes Remote work program with no upper limit of hours* Standard meeting times that consider time differences among global locations (between local hours of 7 a.m. and 8 p.m.) Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 104

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 104
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety
[TABLE] Main initiatives
[TABLE] Happy 8 program | In 2015 we introduced the Happy 8 program, a time-conscious workstyle
reform emphasizing the ideal of an eight-hour workday. It aims to increase
individual and organizational productivity while also improving work life,
private life and health by increasing awareness among all employees of
working eight hours a day.
[TABLE] Happy Friday | In February 2017, we introduced our Happy Friday program. It encourages
employees to leave the office at 3 p.m. on the last Friday of each month
to promote an enhanced work-life balance.
[TABLE] Happy 8 survey | We conduct an employee survey on workstyles every year to review and
revise the programs that meet employeesʼ needs and actual conditions
conveyed from the survey.
Items from previous Happy 8 surveys incorporated
into the program
[TABLE] May. 2019 | Expanded workplace to include locations analogous to
home (spouse or blood relative homes)
[TABLE] Oct. 2020 | Expanded workplace to include public spaces
[TABLE] Jan. 2021 | Family Support Leave in one-hour units
[TABLE] Jun. 2021 | Removed upper limit on remote work hours
[TABLE] Jul. 2023 | Health promotion support service
[TABLE] Aug. 2023 | Self-Career Dock
[TABLE] Apr. 2024 | Life Support Leave
[TABLE] Pregnancy Childbirth 1year old 2 3 6 9 12
[TABLE] Leave | 6 w
pr | eeks before due
Mate
Maternity
otection leave | date 8 weeks a
rnity leave | fter birth
22 yyeeaarrss ooll | EEnndd ooff fifirrsstt AA
dd aafftteerr cchhiilldd ttuurr | pprriill
nnss 22
[TABLE] Childca
(with splitt | re leave
ing option)
[TABLE] Days off
[TABLE] Child
From | care support holid
pregnancy to chil | ay (Family‒Supp
ds’ 6th grade of e | ort Leave):
lementary school; | 12 days / year ( | 5 paid, 7 unpaid)
[TABLE] Short-hour
Work Program
[TABLE] Short
For e | -hour work progra
mployees with chi | m for childcare:
ldren through the | 6th grade of elem | entary school; 3 | hours / day
[TABLE] Other
[TABLE] Childcare cen | ters on company s | ites
[TABLE] Allowance for ba | bysitting
[TABLE] Re | mote work progra | m*
[TABLE] Mate | rnity leave
[TABLE] Main initiatives (Japan)
[TABLE] Collaborations
with schools | We conduct vocational lectures on the automotive industry, the work done
by Nissan and the experiences of our employees.
[TABLE] Collaborations with
universities | We build relationships through executive speaking engagements and
corporate sponsorships.
[TABLE] Tokyo Rainbow Pride | Alongside LGBTQ+ people and their supporters (Allies), we sponsor
and exhibit at events and participate in parades with the aim of realizing
a society in which all people, regardless of sexual orientation or gender
identity, can live their lives more freely without discrimination or prejudice.
[TABLE] Participating member
of D&I Kanagawa | We endorse and participate in this initiative, which aims to realize
a gender-equal society in which all people can demonstrate their
individuality and strengths.

[PAGE 106]
Achievements at sites outside Japan Initiatives in Americas Nissan Group of the Americas is committed to creating a culture where everyone belongs and employees, customers and partners feel respected, valued and heard. Our mission is fueled by the many people who make, sell and use our products. We are striving to create a culture that helps unlock every employee’s full potential. Grounded by our North Star ̶ “Better Conversations Lead to Better Actions,” ̶ we focus on initiatives that equip our workforce to appreciate differences, investments to support the communities where we do business, and partnering with organizations that align with our DEI values.*1 Americas DEI Annual Report *1 Click here for more information on the initiatives in Americas. Link to Americas DEI Annual Report https://www.nissanusa.com/content/dam/Nissan/us/responsibility/diversity/pdf/2023-Nissan-Group-of-the-Americas-DEI-Report.pdf *2 Click here for more information on the AMEIO initiatives. Link to the AMIEO DEI Annual Report https://nissanamieosustainability.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/AMIEO-DEI-Annual-Report-FY2022-1.pdf Initiatives in AMIEO (Africa, Middle East, India, Europe, Oceania) The AMIEO (Africa, Middle East, India, Europe, Oceania) region, established in April 2021, is geographically wide and diverse. We operate in more than 100 markets, which offers a tremendous opportunity to leverage the inherent diversity within the region. AMIEO is represented by an 11% woman population across the business (both direct and indirect employees), with six women in key leadership roles. Our mission to build a strong DEI culture both internally and externally is supported by four strategic pillars: establish accountability, foster an inclusive culture and workplace, communicate and celebrate, and governance. The core mission of our Regional DEI and local councils established in fiscal 2023 is to create a workplace in which every individual can come to work feeling secure, embraced and able to be their true selves. By creating and fostering this environment, we allow our employees to feel they belong and enable them to do their best every day.*2 AMIEO Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Annual Report FY2022 AMIEO DEI Annual Report Initiatives in China (NCIC and Nissan China JVs) In China, we are committed to creating a truly diverse, inclusive and equitable environment in which individuals can demonstrate their potential to the fullest. The following initiatives have been taken: DEI awareness enhancement 1) Communication: Various communication channels established for DEI concept penetration. ・ Townhall, skip-level meetings and employee roundtables with DEI topics held with management throughout the year. ・ Culture Ambassador program in NCIC established to further penetrate DEI concepts by ambassadors from each business function through various activities (management dialogues, DEI story sharing, etc.). ・ DEI e-Community set up in NCIC ̶ a platform for employees to exchange viewpoints and to share good practices. ・ One-Stop DEI Resources site introduced in NCIC to ensure easy access to comprehensive information. 2) Training: Multiple learning resources provided to ensure a better understanding of DEI. ・ DEI leadership training provided for managers and above level to deepen their understanding of DEI along with case studies in daily behavior and interactions to inspire team members and drive team performance. ・ Intergeneration leadership workshops held to enable leaders to foster more inclusive and empathetic. perspectives in younger generations and enhance their motivation and engagement. ・ Unconscious bias and safe mindsets e-learning for all employees (100% completion rate). Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 105

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 105
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety
[TABLE] AMIEO
Diversity, Equity
& Inclusion
Annual Report
FY2022

[PAGE 107]
・ Cross-culture training for inbound and outbound expatriates to facilitate a smooth landing. 3) Regional DEI Council: DEI concepts and strategies cascaded and implemented for regional senior management through the China regional DEI council, and regional initiatives monitored and regional issues discussed as needed. Inclusive workplace building 1) A flexible working scheme implemented and optimized in the post-covid era that allows employees more flexibility based upon their personal needs. 2) Employee Assistance Program (EAP) provides employee with support for mental health issues. 3) Recruiting: No limits placed on the gender, age, or personal backgrounds of recruits, and equal opportunity offered in advertisements and the CV screening process. 4) Gender Diversity: ・ Maternity/paternity leave implemented to support employee’s needs. ・ Woman talent career development facilitated with regular IDP (Individual Development Plan)/CDP (Career Development Plan) ・ Mental health workshops held on International Women’s Day. 5) Young generation development: ・ Engage young people through the Culture Ambassadors’ program, Cross Functional Team (CFT) projects and skip- level meetings with management. ・ Management carries out mentoring program in strengths communication with talented young employees. 6) ERG “Keep Growth in Nissan” established in NCIC with sponsorship from NCIC management to provide members with networking and professional/career development opportunities. Initiatives in ASEAN In ASEAN, we are committed to creating value and respecting the value of people through diversity, equity and inclusion. Our key activities are: Celebrating and Empowering Women We celebrated International Women in Engineering Day and International Women’s Day to foster gender equality and celebrate the many contributions of women. This was done through leadership communication, employee testimonials and women development activities. Flexible workstyle We promote flexible and remote workstyles where applicable. To encourage flexibility and prioritize employees’ well-being, we are continuing our F.A.S.T (flexible and safe teams) hybrid work arrangement guideline. Equal opportunities: We provide equal opportunities for employees regardless of their background to drive their own careers and build their skills. To empower them to do so, we train employees to draft their own career development and individual development plans. Managers are trained in a leaders’ forum on how to support their employees through career discussions. Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 106

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 106
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety

[PAGE 108]
Wellness month: We promoted employee well-being through physical and mental health programs and activities, including personal counseling with psychologists and a webinar titled “Positive work environment: Fighting burnout with inclusiveness.” Employee Appreciation Day: We take the opportunity to give everyone a chance to show their appreciation and recognition to their bosses, peers and team members, regardless of their job level. To show appreciation to all employees, various appreciation activities are launched. Regional DEI Website: We launched an internal site to increase awareness about what DEI means to Nissan, share our DEI policies and handbook in local languages, and share the latest DEI- related news and activities. External recognition for DEI at Nissan Both Nissan’s DEI initiatives and its attitude of placing emphasis on employee diversity, have received considerable external recognition. Japan Kurumin certification In 2015, we became the first company in Kanagawa Prefecture to earn a Platinum Kurumin certification, which is granted to Kurumin-accredited companies (certified as supporting childcare) that provide an even higher standard of childcare support. Nissan was the first transportation equipment company to be certified. Eruboshi The Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare recognizes companies that successfully promote woman participation in the workplace. We received the highest third-level Eruboshi accreditation in 2017. PRIDE Index This is an award that recognizes efforts to support LGBTQ+ employees. In 2017, we became the first Japanese automotive company to receive the top gold rating in the PRIDE Index, and have been awarded it every year since. Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 107

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 107
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety

[PAGE 109]
Outside Japan*1 Region Awarded company Awarded year (in calendar year) Title of the award Sponsor Americas Nissan Americas 2024 All-Time Top Corporation Women’s Business Enterprise National Council (WBENC)(U.S.) 2023 DEI Impact Award Runner-Up: Champion for Diverse Talent Award – Organization Center for Automotive Diversity, Inclusion & Advancement (CADIA) 2023 Regional Corporate OEM Of The Year (second consecutive year) Southern Region Minority Supplier Development Council (SRMSDC) 2023 Corporate Sponsor of the Year 100 Black Men of Jackson Chapter 2023 Corporate Partner of the Year Youth About Business 2023 Great Place to Work United States Great Place to Work Nissan Canada Inc. 2023 Great Place to Work Canada (fifth consecutive year) Great Place to Work Canada Nissan Mexicana, S.A. De C. V., NR Finance Mexico 2023 Best Places to Work LGBTQ+ Mexico (Fourth consecutive year for NR Finance Mexico, third consecutive year for Nissan Mexicana, S.A. De C. V. ) Human Rights Campaign Equidad MX 2023 Top Company for Women (second consecutive year) Top Companies – Expansion all Nissan South America countries, Argentina, Chile, Brazil and Peru 2023 Great Place to Work Latin America (second consecutive year) Great Place to Work Nissan Foundation 2023 Iris Award United Way of Greater Nashville AMIEO Africa/Middle East/India/ Europe /Oceania Nissan Motor (GB) Ltd. 2023 Valuable 500 (second consecutive year) Valuable 500 2023 Pride 365 Certified (third consecutive year) InterPride(UK) Renault Nissan Technology Business Centre India (RNTBCI) 2024 Top Employer 2023 Top Employers Institute 2024 DiveHERsity Hiring Award (Top20 most innovative practices - Divehersity hiring) HerKey 2023 Top 100 Best Companies for Women in India (sixth consecutive year) AVTAR Group & Seramount 2023 100 Best – Hall of Fame (sixth time) Best of Best Conference 2023 by Avtar and Seramont Nissan Italy 2023 Great Place to Work Great Place to Work Nissan Middle East FZE 2023 Great Place to Work Great Place to Work China Nissan (China) Investment Co., Ltd. (NCIC) 2023 2023 The Most Attractive Employer (Top 100)(second consecutive year) “Shixiseng.com(Local job board for intern & campus recruiting)” 2023 Best Digital Learning Program Innovation Award CEIBS Online ASEAN Nissan Philippines, Inc. 2023 Employer Brand Award 2023 Employer Brand Institute of India 2023 Best Employer 2024 (Top 7 in 2024 Phils Best Employers) Philippine Daily Inquirer & Statista *1 Click here for more information on the main examples of external recognition of our diversity and inclusion initiatives to date. >>> P161 Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 108

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 108
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety
[TABLE] Region | Awarded company | Awarded year
(in calendar year) | Title of the award | Sponsor
[TABLE] Americas | Nissan Americas | 2024 | All-Time Top Corporation | Womenʼs Business Enterprise National Council（ WBENC）(U.S.)
[TABLE] 2023 | DEI Impact Award Runner-Up: Champion for Diverse Talent Award – Organization | Center for Automotive Diversity, Inclusion & Advancement（ CADIA）
[TABLE] 2023 | Regional Corporate OEM Of The Year (second consecutive year) | Southern Region Minority Supplier Development Council（ SRMSDC）
[TABLE] 2023 | Corporate Sponsor of the Year | 100 Black Men of Jackson Chapter
[TABLE] 2023 | Corporate Partner of the Year | Youth About Business
[TABLE] 2023 | Great Place to Work United States | Great Place to Work
[TABLE] Nissan Canada Inc. | 2023 | Great Place to Work Canada (fifth consecutive year) | Great Place to Work Canada
[TABLE] Nissan Mexicana, S.A. De C. V.,
NR Finance Mexico | 2023 | Best Places to Work LGBTQ+ Mexico (Fourth consecutive year for NR Finance Mexico,
third consecutive year for Nissan Mexicana, S.A. De C. V. ) | Human Rights Campaign Equidad MX
[TABLE] 2023 | Top Company for Women (second consecutive year) | Top Companies – Expansion
[TABLE] all Nissan South America
countries, Argentina, Chile,
Brazil and Peru | 2023 | Great Place to Work Latin America (second consecutive year) | Great Place to Work
[TABLE] Nissan Foundation | 2023 | Iris Award | United Way of Greater Nashville
[TABLE] AMIEO
Africa/Middle East/India/
Europe /Oceania | Nissan Motor (GB) Ltd. | 2023 | Valuable 500 (second consecutive year) | Valuable 500
[TABLE] 2023 | Pride 365 Certified（ third consecutive year） | InterPride（UK）
[TABLE] Renault Nissan Technology Business Centre India
(RNTBCI) | 2024 | Top Employer 2023 | Top Employers Institute
[TABLE] 2024 | DiveHERsity Hiring Award (Top20 most innovative practices - Divehersity hiring) | HerKey
[TABLE] 2023 | Top 100 Best Companies for Women in India (sixth consecutive year) | AVTAR Group & Seramount
[TABLE] 2023 | 100 Best – Hall of Fame（ sixth time） | Best of Best Conference 2023 by Avtar and Seramont
[TABLE] Nissan Italy | 2023 | Great Place to Work | Great Place to Work
[TABLE] Nissan Middle East FZE | 2023 | Great Place to Work | Great Place to Work
[TABLE] China | Nissan (China) Investment Co., Ltd. (NCIC) | 2023 | 2023 The Most Attractive Employer（ Top 100）(second consecutive year) | “Shixiseng.com（Local job board for intern & campus recruiting）”
[TABLE] 2023 | Best Digital Learning Program Innovation Award | CEIBS Online
[TABLE] ASEAN | Nissan Philippines, Inc. | 2023 | Employer Brand Award 2023 | Employer Brand Institute of India
[TABLE] 2023 | Best Employer 2024 (Top 7 in 2024 Phils Best Employers) | Philippine Daily Inquirer & Statista

[PAGE 110]
Approach to learning and development Nissan is committed to providing value to society by enhancing the employability of its employees through skill development programs, thereby fostering human resources who can respond to the ongoing major changes in society. We are implementing a number of initiatives over the long term to ensure that Nissan continues to be a company where each and every employee is equipped with high-level skills and is motivated to work. First and foremost, we value a self-directed stance toward learning by employees, and are working to foster a corporate culture in which they can demonstrate their abilities and potential and in which both the company and employees can continue to grow together, as well as to develop human resources. We encourage employees to take ownership of their own careers and promote skill development. We also promote active collaboration and teamwork with others, in addition to the development of team members by their supervisors in their respective workplaces. Specifically, the five values of the NISSAN WAY which evolved in fiscal 2020 as a symbol of the new Nissan, and the appraisal system, which emphasizes the development of human resources and promotion of collaboration, was revised in fiscal 2020 to ensure sustainable growth and development of the organization and human resources. In addition, to provide employees with effective learning opportunities even in remote work environments, we provide over 20,000 types of e-learning content on a global basis and are also promoting the expansion of digital learning infrastructure by preparing an environment so that employees can take courses on their own mobile devices. *1 Incentive compensation that fluctuates. Management of learning and development Continually improving human resource systems Nissan is working constantly to improve its human resource systems to achieve growth for its people and organization over the medium to long term. We introduced the “Competency Appraisal” to capture the behavioral characteristics of each employee based on their skills and knowledge, and the “Performance Appraisal” to determine how well employees accomplish their tasks. In the Competency Appraisal, we appropriately assess the degree of contribution to determine wages and annual salaries, and under the Performance Appraisal, results are linked to compensation in the form of bonuses or variable compensation (VC)*1. The Competency Appraisal evaluates items using three pillars: Appraisal metrics based on the Nissan Way, People & Collaborative Leadership (metrics for leadership related to people development and collaboration), and expertise required in each area. In fiscal 2024, to promote “OUR NISSAN,” a corporate culture reform initiative launched in January 2024, we plan to further revamp this evaluation system, including the introduction of the Nissan Leadership Way, a role model that shapes Nissan’s corporate culture, as an evaluation indicator. We also offer an employee stock ownership plan as part of our fringe benefits. We will continue to review and restructure our human resource development programs in line with our long-term vision Nissan Ambition 2030. Support for self-designed careers At Nissan, all employees have an opportunity three times a year to discuss their own careers with their supervisors to support their career designs. Together with “Performance Appraisal” and “Competency Appraisal,” employees and their supervisors reach a consensus through dialogue. Aiming to enhance measures for career development as well as growth in their dialogues, training programs are provided to improve supervisors’ skills. In addition, guides and e-learning are available for employees to voluntarily consider their own careers. We use dedicated tools for evaluation to keep track of evaluation records so that even a newly instated supervisor can immediately confirm employees’ growth progress, which makes it possible to maintain consistency within the human resource development. We conduct surveys to gain employee input regarding the evaluation dialogues and to learn their level of understanding and satisfaction with the system. Based on the results, we implement necessary measures and make improvements. We monitor employee satisfaction regarding the dialogues with their supervisors, and there has been an improvement in employee understanding and acceptance of the evaluation system. Employees in Japan have a chance to take on the challenge of a new position through the Shift Career System (SCS) and the Open Entry System (OES). The SCS enables employees to apply for positions in other departments or areas in which they are motivated to work in, regardless of whether there is a position immediately available. The OES allows them to apply for all openly publicized positions. During fiscal 2023, a total of 276 employees applied for approximately 584 open posts, and Learning and development Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 109

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 109
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety

[PAGE 111]
158 of them succeeded in getting the positions they applied for. Support for the engagement of senior human resources Following the principles of diversity, equity, and inclusion, Nissan introduced the “Senior Partner System” in April 2013 as a career stage for senior employees with a high level of expertise and experience, enabling them to continue working regardless of their age. This system is designed to establish a flexible work style that balances the diverse needs of employees regarding their second careers with the needs of the company and provides employment opportunities after retirement at age 60 up to age 65. The number of senior partners has grown from over 200 when the program began to over 2,800 as of the end of 2023, and these partners are active in a variety of occupations and positions. In 2023, Nissan revamped its framework of compensation and periodic interviews and related matters. It has built an environment in which employees are highly motivated to do their work and foster their successors as a member of the organization by posting expectations more in line with each individual’s duties and providing compensation in accordance with the level of their contribution. At the same time, the company introduced a system that allows senior partners who meet certain criteria to continue to be active beyond age 65 until age 70, thereby broadening the range of life plan options for senior employees. Offering learning opportunities Based on our firm belief that employees are our most important asset and that nurturing them is critical, we support them by providing a large number of learning opportunities. We have developed various programs to help employees improve their management and business skills, and to develop leadership skills. We also offer opportunities to acquire skills in areas such as electrification, connected and automated driving, and digital and advanced technologies, which are especially important in today’s mobility industry. Specifically, in addition to mandatory trainings for each career stage, we implement elective trainings which allow employees to choose what they want to learn. We also expand global common e-learning content to encourage self-learning. With these measures, we strive to foster a corporate culture of continuous learning and development. We use technology to facilitate learning and enhance the learning experience. In response to changing times, we are actively shifting from face-to-face training conducted in groups to online training to build an effective learning environment that enables each individual to learn using their mobile devices under remote working conditions. Nissan Learning Center In the automobile industry, in which technological innovation is rapidly advancing, in order to maintain and develop Japanese manufacturing that leads global competition, talents are required who not only understand advanced vehicle manufacturing and technology but also have management skills and maturity. We founded Nissan Learning Center with the aim of continuously developing capable leaders to play a central role in monozukuri and pass down our technologies and skills to future generations. This is another example of how we offer learning opportunities and promote activities to develop human resources. Nissan Learning Center comprises three organizations: Nissan Technical College, Genba Kanri (shop-floor management) School, and Engineering School. It offers a variety of programs aimed at developing engineers and technicians who carry forward the “Nissan DNA” and achieve continuous success through the implementation of the evolved NISSAN WAY. In recent years, we have transitioned these courses to online and on-demand formats in order to expand opportunities for employees to take them, and we offer approximately 70 courses, such as technology courses that include AI and IoT. Nissan Software Training Center (STC) In 2017, we established the Nissan Software Training Center (STC) within our Nissan Advanced Technology Center (NATC) and have been working on training engineers to develop skills for both cars and software development. As software holds the key to our competitiveness in an age where CASE is progressively expanding, we continue to develop talent who are well-adapted to digitalization through our STC programs in which we offer necessary knowledge and skills. To date, a total of 566 employees have graduated the program (completed reskilling) over a period of 18 semesters since the center’s establishment in 2017. Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 110

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 110
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety

[PAGE 112]
Engineering and technical skill training around the world To strengthen our efforts to expand our business globally, we must further improve the engineering skills of individual employees working across the globe. We offer opportunities for personal growth equally to all employees in both R&D and manufacturing, whether they work in Japan or elsewhere, to help them enhance their capabilities. Training for engineers Since 2012, we have implemented the Global Training Program (GTP), a common global basic training program for engineers at R&D sites worldwide. Furthermore, in recent years, we have moved forward with plans for more advanced and specialized training, including training in the areas of electric vehicles, autonomous driving technologies and connected car services, in order to develop talent that can lead R&D related to autonomous vehicles and connected cars. Training for technicians Nissan formulates all principles and standards based on the Nissan Production Way (NPW) concept, a common global production method. In order to improve the operational management level of on-site supervisors, Nissan has a common NPW education program for the Nissan Group, aiming at the promulgation and implementation of the NPW. Improving management quality We are working to improve the quality of leadership and management at the global level. In January 2024, we announced the Nissan Leadership Way, a set of leadership values and actions felt in our hearts, and not just our heads. In the introduction of the Nissan Leadership Way, corporate officers and general managers themselves act with strong leadership, holding dialogues and workshops to promote understanding in their respective departments and to communicate the will to change. Efforts are also underway to ensure that management is equipped with the skills and leadership necessary to build a psychologically safe workplace. In fiscal 2024, we plan to introduce a new training program for general managers aimed at creating a workplace with psychological safety and human resource development practices. From fiscal 2021 onward, in addition to companywide training by job level (for new employees, for newly promoted managers, etc.), we have continued to promote the understanding and practice of behaviors related to the expected roles of each position. In addition, the existing training program structure will also be revised in line with the new NISSAN WAY and the leadership of psychological safety assurance and human resource development, creating an environment where employees can take training that strengthens relevant skills and leadership. In 2023, we introduced a common global framework called Nissan Charge to increase opportunities for learning and growth and improve the quality of management for all employees, in which approximately 10,000 had participated at the end of fiscal 2023. In fiscal 2024, we will launch a program for executives and focus on training for management-level employees. We are also making efforts to improve our mid-career hire onboard training program to create a comfortable working environment for mid-career hires so that they can quickly adjust to their new environment and play active roles in the company. Training future leaders To continually foster future leaders and specialists who will lead the company, we take a strategic and systematic approach to training, job rotations, and recruitment. Specifically, we identify future business leader candidates at an early stage and implement various training programs by clarifying their strengths and development areas according to their growth stage, including young employees, middle managers, and corporate officers. Staff rotations beyond divisions and regions are strategically and systematically implemented to give candidates for future leaders opportunities to work in management posts or global functions so that they can acquire the experience needed to become a management member or a leader. Furthermore, we are in the midst of a period of transformation from the era of owning a car to the era of creating new mobility services, such as electrification, autonomous driving, car sharing, and connectivity with the internet. We are therefore working to develop leaders who can lead new businesses beyond the boundaries of the conventional automobile business. Furthermore, to cultivate a pipeline of future leader candidates, we provide the “Global Challenge Program,” in which younger employees travel to Nissan’s overseas sites for extended periods to work with local teams to solve problems. We also offer the “Venture Challenge Program,” in which they learn work processes and know-how through operations at startup companies in Japan. Candidates are encouraged to apply for both programs through self- nomination from the viewpoint of supporting employees who take initiative. We are reinforcing our human resources not only through the recruitment of new graduates but also by actively hiring mid-career talent and mid-level management candidates from outside the company. To effectively operate these talent management schemes, meetings dedicated to human resources are regularly held with corporate officers. There, talents are identified, then development plans and succession plans are created. Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 111

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 111
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety

[PAGE 113]
In addition, corporate officers have opportunities for direct dialogue with future leader candidates and actively participate in discussions on human resource development measures across divisions and regions. These strategic human resource management systems are also being actively discussed at the regional and departmental levels, with human resources and systems coordinated across regions under a common global framework. The Nissan Expert Leader System: Passing down Nissan’s technologies and expertise Helping employees develop specialized skills over the medium to long term is vital for a company to achieve sustainable growth. The Nissan Expert Leader System is a means of strengthening and fostering further development of specialized skills in a wide range of technical and nontechnical areas such as purchasing and accounting. In fiscal 2024, the system’s 19th year, 49 Expert Leaders and two Fellows are playing an active role in a total of 85 fields of specialization. The Expert Leaders and Fellows make use of their specialized knowledge to contribute to Nissan’s business endeavors overall. In addition to sharing their knowledge with others via the corporate intranet and other communication tools, they contribute to the fostering of the next generation of experts by passing on their expertise in seminars and training courses. *1 In addition, we have prepared more than 100 in-person and e-learning courses for specialized knowledge and skill development. *2 Training on “V-up” Program, the problem-solving program developed by Nissan. Company-wide training system New general manager training Customer First New manager training Orientation Personnel Evaluation Advanced Management Diversity Management/Cultural Inclusion Diversity Management / Inclusion Harassment Prevention Customer First New assistant manager training Role / Evaluation System / Management Basics Customer First Leader training Role Customer First 3rd year employee training Career New graduate induction training Onboarding Training Training for mid-career hires Onboarding Training /e-Learning Compulsory training Elective training *1 General employees Management-level employees Leader Assistant manager Manager General manager Face-to- face/Online Quality Management Team Leadership Building a Culture of Trust Advanced Coaching for Managers Coaching Training Project Management V-Expert Training *2 V-Pilot Training *2 i-Pilot Training *2 V-FAST Facilitator Training *2 Learning and development achievements Performance indicators for training programs FY2021 FY2022 FY2023 Number of learners 395,448 519,905 514,187 Total hours of training 328,783 392,294 358,597 Average hours per learner 14.3 16.5 14.9 Learner satisfaction (out of 5.0) Above 4.2 Above 4.2 Above 4.2 Investment per employee (¥) 67,000 75,000 76,000 Training program achievements at Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 112

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 112
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety
[TABLE] New general manager training | Customer First
[TABLE] New manager training | Orientation
[TABLE] Personnel Evaluation
[TABLE] Advanced Management
[TABLE] Diversity Management/Cultural Inclusion
[TABLE] Diversity Management / Inclusion
[TABLE] Harassment Prevention
[TABLE] Customer First
[TABLE] New assistant manager training | Role / Evaluation System / Management
Basics
[TABLE] Customer First
[TABLE] Leader training | Role
[TABLE] Customer First
[TABLE] 3rd year employee training | Career
[TABLE] New graduate induction training | Onboarding Training
[TABLE] Training for mid-career hires | Onboarding Training /e-Learning
[TABLE] Performance
indicators for training
programs | FY2021 | FY2022 | FY2023
[TABLE] Number of learners | 395,448 | 519,905 | 514,187
[TABLE] Total hours of training | 328,783 | 392,294 | 358,597
[TABLE] Average hours per
learner | 14.3 | 16.5 | 14.9
[TABLE] Learner satisfaction
(out of 5.0) | Above 4.2 | Above 4.2 | Above 4.2
[TABLE] Investment per
employee (¥) | 67,000 | 75,000 | 76,000
[TABLE] General employees | Management-level employees
[TABLE] Leader | Assistant
manager | Manager | General
manager
[TABLE] Face-to-
face/Online | Quality
Management
[TABLE] Team Leadership
[TABLE] Building a Culture of Trust
[TABLE] Advanced Coaching for Managers
[TABLE] Coaching
Training
[TABLE] Project Management
[TABLE] V-Expert Training *2
[TABLE] V-Pilot Training *2
[TABLE] i-Pilot Training *2
[TABLE] V-FAST Facilitator Training *2

[PAGE 114]
Approach to health and safety To demonstrate that occupational health and safety are the top priorities in Nissan business activities regardless of country, region, or division, as well as cultivate a corporate culture that respects human health and safety in all aspects of business, we established the Global Policy on Occupational Health and Safety. Our Basic Policy states that “From top management to each individual employee, Nissan recognizes that the health and safety of everyone is our top priority. The company continuously and aggressively strives toward realizing zero-accidents, zero-illness, and vigorous workplace safety by optimizing the working environment and business processes and promoting individual physical and mental health.” Nissan also stipulates the following specific policies as the main items in eight areas, as well as the roles and responsibilities of all officers and employees regarding health and safety. 1. Compliance 2. Health and safety activity planning and monitoring 3. Preliminary health and safety evaluations when planning equipment and operations 4. On-site partner company management 5. Health and safety education, work guidance 6. Accident reports and similar accident prevention 7. Health promotion 8. Infectious disease control *1 In fiscal 2020, fiscal 2021, and fiscal 2022, the group meeting was suspended to prevent the spread of COVID-19 infection. *2 ISO 45001: An international standard for occupational health and safety management systems. At bases in Japan and overseas, Nissan uniformly implements management with regard to workplace environment health and safety based on the Global Policy on Occupational Health and Safety. Nissan places great importance on occupational health and safety promotion in the collective agreements concluded with labor unions and promotes various health and safety practices in the workplace. From a long-term perspective, we are working toward 2030 to maintain and improve a vibrant workplace where employees can work safely, securely, and healthily on an ongoing basis. Through such initiatives, we will not only improve productivity, but also provide value to society in the shape of higher quality employee health, safety, and happiness. Management of health and safety In Japan, we hold a Central Health and Safety Committee meeting each year chaired by the executive in charge of human resources and attended by management and labor union representatives from Nissan facilities. Activities over the past year are reviewed in such areas as workplace safety, fire prevention, mental health, health management, and traffic safety, and then plans are laid out for the following year. The Health and Safety Committee at each facility meets each month, and these meetings are attended by labor union representatives where the progress of activities is managed. A health and safety officer and a traffic safety officer are assigned at each workplace to ensure the effectiveness of day-to-day occupational safety activities. Globally, each facility applies the PDCA cycle. Twice a year, remote meetings with all global Nissan facilities are held to share information and discuss key issues. Regional managers for employee health and safety also meet every other year for a Global Safety Meeting.*1 Furthermore, Nissan has introduced Occupational Safety and Health Management Systems (OSHMS) in Japan and overseas in line with the guidelines of the governments of various countries. Many of its business sites are also ISO 45001*2 compliant, thereby establishing a system to ensure that occupational safety and health activities are implemented. Such management systems cover all workers in the workplace. In addition, our Japan offices have been conducting management system evaluations for some time. Health and safety Global Occupational Health and Safety (OHS) policy Global common Region OHS policy of region, site, plant OHS management system OHS Action plan of Function, region, site, plant Objective(Outcome) Objective(Strategy) Number of injury, fire absent rate, etc Actual result of risk assessment, safety training, etc Hoshin Kanri Internal audit Positioning of the Global Occupational Health and Safety Policy Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 113

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 113
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety
[TABLE] Hoshi
Interna | n Kanri
l audit

[PAGE 115]
For our overseas offices, we have conducted voluntary assessments at each office through our Global Headquarters from fiscal 2023, and plan to continue doing so. All Nissan Group employees globally are subject to NS4*1, and all workers, including those from other companies on site, are subject to the serious accident count (GUR) to monitor workplace conditions. *1 NS4 (Nissan Safety 4): Internal KPI for monitoring workplace health & safety. *2 Occupational accident frequency rate (FR1: Frequency Rate 1): Frequency rate of accidents with predefined symptoms (Number of accidents with predefined symptoms) x 1,000,000/ total working hours x 1.1 *3 Serious accident count (GUR): Fatal accidents (G: Grave), accidents resulting in residual disability (U: Unrecoverable), number of serious injuries with no aftereffects but with predefined symptoms (R: Recoverable but serious) Health and safety achievements Occupational safety initiatives Global standardization of occupational safety standards Nissan has introduced its own occupational safety and fire risk management diagnostic method to proactively identify potential occupational accident risks in the workplace and is taking measures to address them. Creating safe workplaces Two tools developed internally by Nissan to identify the risks associated with work accidents at all sites in Japan and overseas are the Safety Evaluation System (SES), and to identify the risks of fire accidents, the Fire-Prevention Evaluation System (F-PES). They call for workplace patrols in accordance with established evaluation standards to identify potential dangers and fire risks, with all from corporate executives to general employees having a uniform perspective. The use of these has been effective in achieving these aims. Since 2011, we have continued to systematically carry out Kiken Yochi Training (KYT) ̶literally “risk-prediction training” ̶at plants in Japan to raise awareness among individual workers of the risk of accidents and thereby help prevent their occurrence. Activities to prevent accidents through hazard prediction have taken root widely, where they are continuously and systematically implemented on equipment and operations in the workplace. In addition, we employ risk assessment to identify risks in the workplace and implement countermeasures. We also provide risk assessment training to develop employees who can accurately identify risks in the workplace. Employees who have received this training conduct risk assessments of equipment and operations and implement safety measures to create safe workplaces. We have established global common standards for reporting on work accidents or outbreaks of fire that occur in any of the production sites. The person in charge where the accident or fire occurred must report without delay to Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. (NML). We promptly share information on the occurrence and response measures with our global sites to prevent the recurrence of similar accidents. Nissan has adopted the occupational accident frequency rate (FR1)*2 and serious accident count (GUR)*3 indicators for the purpose of comprehensive monitoring of occupational accidents and manages the progress of each. We have set the goal of continuously achieving an occupational accident frequency rate below the previous year’s results for the entire company and aim to reduce the number of fatal accidents to zero. As a result of monitoring in fiscal 2023, we confirmed that the occupational accident frequency rate was 0.85, lower than the previous year, and the serious accident count was 22, of which the number of fatal accidents involving employees was 1. (FY) (Incidents) Serious accident count (GUR) Occupational accident frequency rate (FR1) 44 0.91 39 0.98 2022 2021 2020 60 50 40 30 20 10 0 0 1.5 1.2 0.9 0.6 0.3 22 0.85 Occupational accident frequency rate and serious accident count (Global) Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 114

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 114
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety

[PAGE 116]
Improved production line environment Nissan seeks to fulfill its mission of engaging in “human- friendly production” by continuously improving the workplace environment at its manufacturing facilities worldwide. At workplaces with high summer temperatures, for example, the physical burden on employees is heavy and there is the risk of suffering from heatstroke. We have installed internal cold- air ducts and ensured there are set breaks to drink water, particularly in locations with considerable workloads. Constant improvements are being made to allow employees to work in a comfortable environment. Countermeasures against COVID-19 Nissan formulated and implemented its Global Guidelines for COVID-19 Countermeasures to protect employees and their families from infection with preventative measures aimed at avoiding the spread of COVID-19 infections both within the company and in wider society. Employee health promotion and management Basic approach In accordance with its global policy, Nissan considers the health and safety of employees to be not only an issue for individuals but also an important issue for Nissan to grow as a company that continues to contribute to society. In the Basic Policy on Health and Safety, we make the Health Declaration: “Health and Safety is a core value and the highest priority at Nissan.” We are thus working on the realization of health and productivity management, in which we consider the health of our employees from a management perspective and implement measures strategically and honestly. Organizational Capability Individual Capability Shared core value Health and safety is our core value and top priority Mental health Physical health Risk management Work productivity Diversity Physically and psychologically safe and healthy workplace Better individual performance Better corporate performance Diet / Sleep / Exercise / Non-smoking / Stress tolerance New workstyle Promoting health Improving working culture Maintain work environment Vibrant and fulfilling workplace Vibrant and fulfilling workplace Improvement of brand value & performance Improvement of brand value & performance Contribution for society Contribution for society Nissan’s health and productivity management Organizational structure for health promotion Nissan’s health promotion activities are carried out to promote the physical and mental health of employees in cooperation with the Nissan Health Insurance Association (Workplace Health Promotion Center), Tokio Marine & Nichido Medical Service Co., Ltd., the Health and Safety Departments of both headquarters and related departments at each site, and other medical professionals. Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. Nissan Health Insurance Association Tokio Marine & Nichido Medical Service Chairman Health Promotion Offices Business Departments HR Department, local HR Diversity Development Office Sustainability Development Department Local Health and Safety Administration Industrial Doctor Local Health and Safety Promotion Center (In-site clinic) Affiliate companies Coordinate Executive Coordinate Coordinate HR Division Safety & Health Administration Department Chief Industrial Doctor EAP Employee Assistance Program Promotion structure Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 115

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 115
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety
[TABLE] Nissan Motor Co., Ltd.
Executive
HR Department, Coo
local HR HR Division
Diversity Safety & Health
Development Administration Department
Office Chief Industrial Doctor
[TABLE] Sustainability
Development
Department | C | Coor | Local Health and Safety
Administration
Industrial Doctor
[TABLE] oor
[TABLE] di
[TABLE] Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. | Nissan Health Insurance Association
[TABLE] Executive
C
HR Division
Safety & Health
Administration Department
Chief Industrial Doctor | oo | rdina | Chairman
te
Health Business
Promotion Departments
Offices
[TABLE] Local Health and Safety nate
Promotion Center
[TABLE] (In-site clinic)
Affiliate companies

[PAGE 117]
Approaches to health issues Under the health promotion organization in Japan, we visualize the health status of employees through data, and based on the data we analyze and predict the risk of disease, then implement health promotion activities and individual improvement programs. In order to engage in more effective efforts, we create a health management strategy map to visualize company health issues and promote companywide efforts, while also creating strategy maps for each site to conduct health promotion activities incorporating regional characteristics and conditions at each site. We also hold regular meetings on health management to strengthen the implementation of health promotion efforts. Health investment efficacy Indicators regarding health investment implementation efforts Health issues Health investments Increase in mental health leaves Increased risk of specified diseases (similar to lifestyle-related diseases) Realize corporate purpose Realization of a company where each person can work energetically Implement activities based on health management promotion Create healthy people Health investment outcome indicators • Event participation rates • Follow-up on results of health checks • Improved activity rate based on results of stress checks, etc. • Health surveys • Improvements in diet, sleep and exercise • Increase number of thorough medical exams • Increased satisfaction due to expansion of work-life balance support • Implement survey after workplace improvement activities, etc. • Improve work engagement *1 • Improve health literacy *2 • Reduce presenteeism *3 • Reduce absenteeism *4 Promoting health activities based on strategic maps at each site Health Management Strategy Map Companywide medium-term business plan efforts Leveraging the best characteristics of each site so the entire company can work as one Indicators on employee awareness and behavioral changes Indicators on health-related targets Management issues to resolve with health management *1 Work Engagement:A positive and fulfilling psychological state related to work, meeting the following three criteria:“Work makes me feel energetic and alive” (vitality) “I am proud and feel my work is rewarding” (enthusiasm) “I am enthusiastic about my work” (devoted) *2 Health Literacy:The power to determine one’s health by making decisions based on health information, defined as follows: ・Knowledge, motivation and ability to obtain, understand, evaluate and utilize health information ・Judgment and decision-making regarding healthcare, disease prevention and health promotion in everyday life ・Maintaining and improving quality of life throughout one’s lifetime *3 Presenteeism:Despite being in poor health, employees come to work and efficiency suffers as a result. *4 Absenteeism:Chronic leave-taking or absence from the workplace due to poor mental or physical health that prevents work from getting done. *5 Click here for more information on Nissan’s physical healthcare activities. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/SOCIAL/EMPLOYEE/ASSETS/PDF/Nissan_Health_Management.pdf Solid efforts toward physical healthcare In Japan, Nissan is focusing efforts on the following physical healthcare initiatives: Disease prevention Employees Managers & supervisors HR a n d H & S Professionals and medical institutions Early detection Disease treatment Tertiary Prevention Secondary Prevention Primary Prevention Not to get ill Likely to get ill After getting ill Health promotion activities targeting COVID-19 Collaborative health Thorough promotion of detailed medical exams Enhancement of balanced support High-risk approach in line with business-site specific issues in medical examination results Health literacy improvement activities ・Introduction and utilization of the health application “PEP-UP” ・Approach to exercise, sleep, and diet ・Smoking cessation activities Enhancement of healthcare guidance based on the results of regular health examinations ・Specific health guidance ・Health promotion activities for under 40-year-olds Collaborative health Data health The obesity rate among Nissan employees is improving due to the activity to reduce weight gain during COVID-19. We are also promoting companywide health activities from various angles, such as oral health and diet-related activities to prevent heat stroke. Furthermore, we will begin focusing on physical exercise from fiscal 2024. Company-wide and facility-specific walking rally events and healthy eating initiatives In fiscal 2023, as part of our DEI promotion activities, we introduced the self-care support program “Cradle” and newly established “Life Support Leave” that can be used for prevention of illness and other purposes for one’s health. While reducing the number of employees who are absent from work through comprehensive activities as a company, we are also making steady efforts in physical healthcare, such as preventing illnesses by raising health awareness.*5 Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 116

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 116
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety
[TABLE] Employees | Managers &
supervisors | HR and
H&S | Professionals
and medical
institutions
[TABLE] Disease
prevention | Primary
Prevention
Not to get ill | Health pro
Collabora
Health lite
・Introdu
applicat
・Approa
・Smokin
Enhancem
on the res
・Specifi
・Health p | COVID-19
s
health
diet
e based
inations
0-year-olds
[TABLE] Health pro
Collabora | motion activit
tive health | ies targeting | COVID-19
[TABLE] Health lite
・Introdu
applicat
・Approa
・Smokin | racy improve
ction and utili
ion “PEP-UP
ch to exercis
g cessation a | ment activitie
zation of the
”
e, sleep, and
ctivities | s
health
diet
[TABLE] Enhancem
on the res
・Specifi
・Health p | ent of health
ults of regula
c health guid
romotion activi | care guidanc
r health exam
ance
ties for under 4 | e based
inations
0-year-olds
[TABLE] Collab | orative h | ealth
[TABLE] Early
detection | Secondary
Prevention
Likely to get ill | Thorough
High-risk
specific is
[TABLE] cal exams
ness-site
on results
[TABLE] Thorough | promotion of | detailed medi | cal exams
[TABLE] High-risk
specific is | approach in l
sues in medi | ine with busi
cal examinati | ness-site
on results
[TABLE] treatment
Disease | Tertiary
Prevention
After getting ill | Enh | port
[TABLE] Enh | ancement of | balanced sup | port
[TABLE] Health
issues inv | Health
estments | Health investment efficacy | Management
issues to
on resolve
ed with health
management
[TABLE] Indicators regarding
health investment
implementation
efforts | Indicators on
employee awarenes
and behavioral
changes | Indicators
s health-relat
targets
[TABLE] Increase in Im
mental act
health leaves bas
he
Increased ma
risk of pro
specified
diseases Cre
(similar to pe
lifestyle-related
diseases) | plement
ivities
ed on
alth
nagement
motion
ate healthy
ople | Health investment
outcome indicators
• Event participation
rates
• Follow-up on
results of health
checks
• Improved activity
rate based on
results of stress
checks, etc. | • Health surveys
• Improvements in
diet, sleep and
exercise
• Increase number
of thorough
medical exams
• Increased
satisfaction due
to expansion of
work-life balance
support
• Implement survey
after workplace
improvement
activities, etc. | • Improve wor
engagement
• Improve hea
literacy *2
• Reduce
presenteeis
• Reduce
absenteeism | k
*1 Realize
lth corporate
purpose
m *3
*4 Realization of
a company
where each
person can
work
energetically

[PAGE 118]
Comprehensive mental healthcare Mental healthcare in Japan includes the following features: Training / learning Stress check Counseling Training / learning Stress check Counseling Reinstatement program Recurrence prevention dialogues Disease prevention Self-care by employees Line care by managers & supervisors Zone care by HR and H&S Professionals and medical organizations Early detection / Treatment Disease management / Reinstatement / Relapse prevention ・Stress check report ・Workplace consultation ・Managers meeting ・Study session ・Hotline experience ・Supervisor zone care Four Types of Care 3 Level Prevention Tertiary Prevention Secondary Prevention Primary Prevention Not get ill Likely to get ill After getting ill Workplace culture improvement Achieve the “Four Types of Care” and “Primary, Secondary, and Tertiary Prevention” within the EAP*1 * Enhancement of “self-care” through implementation of stress checks * Promotion of “line care,” workplace climate improvement activities based on the results of in-house questionnaires * Introduction of stratified “zone care” * Comprehensive reinstatement support program * Enhanced prevention of recurrence through in-house rework facility For many years, Nissan has been proactively working on line care, which is an improvement in workplace culture, by analyzing stress levels through using in-house questionnaires. Debriefing sessions on the results of organizational analysis are held in all departments. In promoting improvement activities, the point is for superiors (managers, supervisors) to *1 EAP: Employee Assistance Program acknowledge the results of their own organizational analysis and motivate activities according to the results. Accordingly, in recent years, Nissan has been expanding improvement activities by holding organizational analysis result report meetings in as small a format as possible, rather than being particular about departmental or divisional level meetings. In particular, the hotline experience provides counseling once a year until the third year of employment, providing support that leads to counseling for younger employees and early detection of those with mental health issues. Furthermore, from fiscal 2023, we are strengthening employee care by expanding the number of eligible employees. 250 200 150 100 50 0 (FY) (Sessions) 2021 2022 2023 2019 2020 2,500 2,000 1,500 1,000 500 0 (FY) (Number of cases) 2021 2022 2023 108 230 49 76 232 338 1,130 2,007 (Forecast) Number of debriefing sessions on results of organizational analysis Number of hotline experiences implemented Line care Self-care Zone care Axis of workplace improvements up to now Supervisor Subordinates Care based on the creation of opportunities for horizontal cooperation and empathy, where feelings can be expressed in the same position and environment. Examples New employees (within first 3 years), female direct workers, instructors, etc. Examples Supervisors, Senior managers, etc. In addition to self-care and line care (vertical axis), we will work on improving mental health along the horizontal axis as zone care Social evaluation of health promotion activities In Japan, Nissan positioned the excellent health management corporation certification system of the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry as our health management system, and we have been promoting health improvement activities accordingly. As a result, Nissan has been certified as an excellent health management corporation (White 500) for six consecutive years since 2019. In addition, the Japan Sports Agency has certified Nissan as a Sports Yell Company actively engaged in sports to improve the health of employees since 2022. Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Social Data Governance Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety 117 Scene from a debriefing session

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Governance | Data | 117
[TABLE] Social
[TABLE] Approach to social issues Human rights Safety Quality Intellectual property Responsible sourcing Communities Power of employees Employee human rights DEI Learning and development Health and safety
[TABLE] In addition to self-care and line care (vertical axis), we will work on improving
mental health along the horizontal axis as zone care
Line care Zone care
Examples
Supervisor Supervisors,
Senior
managers, etc.
Axis of workplace Care based on the creation of opportunities
improvements up for horizontal cooperation and empathy,
to now where feelings can be expressed in the same
position and environment.
Subordinates
Examples
New employees
(within first 3 years),
Self-care female direct workers,
instructors, etc.
[TABLE] Supervisor
[TABLE] Axis of work
improvemen
to now
[TABLE] Subordinates
[TABLE] Self-care by | Line care by managers | Zone care by | Professionals and
[TABLE] Primary
Disease Prevention
prevention
Not get ill | employees & supervisors HR and H&S medical organizations
Training / learning Workplac
Stress check
Counseling
・Stress check report
[TABLE] Not get ill
[TABLE] Early
detection /
Treatment | Secondary | Training / learning
Stress check
Counseling | ・Workplace consultation e culture
・Managers meeting
・Study session
・Hotline experience imp
[TABLE] Prevention
Likely to get ill
[TABLE] Disease
management /
Reinstatement /
Relapse
prevention | Tertiary
Prevention | ・Supervisor zone care rovement
Reinstatement
program
Recurrence
prevention dialogues
[TABLE] After getting ill
[TABLE] 3
Level
Prevention
[TABLE] (Forecast)

[PAGE 119]
Governance Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Governance Data Social Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission 118 Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission ・・・・・・ 119 Approach to governance ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 120 Corporate governance ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 121 Risk management・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 131 Privacy and data security ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 133 Compliance ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 134

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Data | 118
[TABLE] Governance
[TABLE] Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance

[PAGE 120]
Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission Actions ・ Take quick action to reduce suppliers’ financial impact due to cost increase, such as inflation ・ Abolish rebate and work together with suppliers at on-site level to improve cost competitiveness ・ Introduce separate development cost payment, to mitigate cost impact for suppliers due to fluctuation of production volume ・ Set up a hotline outside the company to receive whistle- blowing from partners ・ Establish “Partnership transformation office” under CEO that proactively gathers voices from all the partners to improve relationship with them Nissan received a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission based on the “Act against Delay in Payment of Subcontract Proceeds, Etc. to Subcontractors” (“Subcontract Act”). This totals approximately 3 billion yen from January 2021 through April 2023. Nissan has already refunded an equivalent amount of rebates to suppliers. In addition, Nissan has already discontinued rebates in transactions with subject suppliers. Nissan takes the recommendations from the commission very seriously and are committed to restoring the trust of our partners and implementing countermeasures. Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Governance Data Social Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission 119 Audit committee :Newly establish :Scope change Legend Report/Propose Instruct/Supervise Report/Consult Infor sharing Recommendation Partners Whistle-blowing assuring anonymity (to receive legal violation and complaints) Round-table/Visit (to gather requests and sufferings) Partner hotline (outside the company) Compliance office Existing Purchasing hotline (focus only main partners) Instruct/ Support to execute counter-measures Partnership committee Partnership transformation office Other functions (CNTRL, HR, IS etc.) Monozukuri & key functions Purchasing R&D Manufa cturing After Sales ・・・

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Data | 119
[TABLE] Governance
[TABLE] Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance
[TABLE] ing a
l viola | ssurin
tion a
[TABLE] -ta
es | bl
ts
[TABLE] Supp
nter- | ort to
meas
[TABLE] comm | endati
[TABLE] Monozukuri & key functions
Manufa After
Purchasing R&D cturing Sales ・・・
[TABLE] Other functions (CNTRL, HR, IS etc.)
[TABLE] Legend
[TABLE] Purchasing | R&D | Manufa
cturing | After
Sales

[PAGE 121]
Approach to governance On March 7, 2024 Nissan received a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission based on the Subcontract Act. We take this matter very seriously. To enjoy sustainable growth, it is essential for us to collaborate better with our suppliers. Therefore, we are building a more effective compliance process by regularly monitoring status, periodically conducting internal training programs, and taking all the necessary actions to prevent recurrences. We will do our utmost to communicate with all our business partners in good faith and develop a relationship of strong trust. Considering the above, in order to create unique and innovative automotive products and services, and deliver superior measurable value to all stakeholders, Nissan will enrich people’s lives as a company that is trusted by society, and address improvement of corporate governance*1 as one of its most prioritized managerial tasks. In addition to addressing risks and opportunities associated with climate change, we will conduct our business while considering society’s expectations and our social responsibilities and devote ourselves to the development of a sustainable society by aiming for sustainable growth of our business. To be a sustainable company, Nissan must have a high level of ethics and transparency, as well as a strong foundation for the organization. It is also expected that we will actively disclose our initiatives to this end. We have extensive global operations with numerous stakeholders around the world. It is essential that we continue to earn their trust while ensuring the high ethical standards and compliance of all *1 Click here for more information on the Corporate Governance Guidelines. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/GOVERNANCE/ASSETS/PDF/Guidelines_EN.pdf *2 Click here for more information on the Global Code of Conduct. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/LIBRARY/ASSETS/PDF/NISSAN_GCC_E.pdf employees. In 2001, we established the Global Code of Conduct*2, which is rigorously followed by Nissan group companies around the world. Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Governance Data Social Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission 120

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Data | 120
[TABLE] Governance
[TABLE] Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance

[PAGE 122]
Corporate governance system In light of the misconduct committed by a few former management members in 2018, we have been working to avoid excessive concentration of authority and increase the transparency of its corporate governance by raising awareness within company and improving governance to ensure that this will not occur. Nissan has selected a “company with three statutory committees” as its governance system, which clearly separates execution, supervision, and auditing. It ensures transparency in decision-making, prompt and flexible business execution, and the effectiveness of internal control, compliance, and risk management systems. The Board of Directors has a majority of outside directors. Outside directors make up the majority of each committee, and the Compensation Committee is comprised only of outside directors. Similarly, the Chair of the Board of Directors and each committee chair are independent outside directors. We announce clear management targets and policies to all stakeholders and disclose our performance promptly with a high degree of transparency. We have established a governance system that maintains sound management. The system allows us to implement various monitoring systems, as well as to assess and manage internal and external risks that could impact the achievement of our business goals. Corporate governance is an important fundamental for Nissan. In order to make it effective, we also work on awareness-raising for employees and business partners to ensure that it permeates throughout the organization. In order to realize our long-term vision, Nissan Ambition 2030, we will introduce new development and production methods, promote the use of partnerships, and strengthen our product portfolio and electrification initiatives in line with the management plan, The Arc business plan, announced in March 2024. With the aim of becoming a sustainable company that is truly needed by customers and society, all levels of management and employees will act with transparency and respect, and respond to the trust and expectations of our stakeholders. Roles of the Board of Directors ・ The Board of Directors has primary responsibility to shareholders for the welfare of the company and shareholders’ interest. ・ The Board of Directors, led by the independent outside directors, decides the basic direction of management by taking a variety of perspectives into account and plays the role of supervising the executive directors. Major authorities of the Board of Directors Basic management policy ・ Mid-to long-term plan / annual business plan ・ Convocation ・ Agendas General Shareholders Meeting ・ Appointment of board chair ・ Appointment / dismissal of representative executive officers ・ Appointment / dismissal of executive officers ・ Appointment / dismissal of committee chair and committee members Appointment /dismissal ・ Quarterly financial statements and financial documents ・ Interim dividends Finance ・ Basic policy for internal control, etc. Others General Shareholders Meeting Executive Officers SUPERVISING ROLE EXECUTING ROLE Responsible Nomination Committee Compensation Committee Board of Directors Audit Committee Supervise Report & proposal Corporate officers and other employees Execute or delegate Perform & report Roles of the Board of Directors Corporate governance Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Governance Data Social Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission 121

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Data | 121
[TABLE] Governance
[TABLE] Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance
[TABLE] Basic management policy
[TABLE] General Shareholders Meeting
[TABLE] Appointment /dismissal
[TABLE] Finance
[TABLE] Others

[PAGE 123]
Board of Directors system The Board of Directors led by independent outside directors, decides basic management policies by taking a variety of perspectives into account and plays the role of supervising the execution of duties by executive directors and other officers. A majority of the board members (8 of 12) are independent outside directors, including the Chairman of the Board, creating an environment driven by outside perspectives. Each director has diversity *1 in terms of nationality, gender, specialization or other traits, and Nissan aims to realize lively discussions and swift decision-making through their inclusion. Significant items Nissan positions Sustainability, Risk management, and Internal control/Compliance as important matters that affect the management of Nissan, and has established and operates processes for communicating these initiatives to the Board of Directors in accordance with the policies and structure stated as below. In addition, the following items were reported to the Board of Directors during fiscal 2023, among which was a report on recommendations from the Fair Trade Commission based on the Subcontract Act as a matter of critical concern. *1 Click here for more information on diversity. >>> P097 *2 Click here for more information on the Corporate Governance Guidelines. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/GOVERNANCE/ASSETS/PDF/Guidelines_EN.pdf *3 Click here for more information on the Nissan Corporate Governance Overview. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/GOVERNANCE/ASSETS/PDF/Overview_EN.pdf *4 Click here for more information on the Corporate Governance Report. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/GOVERNANCE/ASSETS/PDF/g_report.pdf Sustainability Policies and structure ・ Corporate Governance Guidelines*2 (Chapter III Appropriate Cooperation with Stakeholders) Items reported to the Board of Directors ・ Sustainability related report: 2 times ・ Business execution report: 10 times (Global and regional operations, etc.) Risk management Policies and structure ・ Corporate Governance Overview *3 (Corporate risk management, annual process of corporate risk management) Items reported to the Board of Directors ・ Corporate Risk Management Report: 1 time Internal control/Compliance Policies and structure ・ Corporate Governance Report *4 (IV-1. Internal Control System) ・ Corporate Governance Overview*3 (Nissan corporate structure, internal control, compliance system) Items reported to the Board of Directors ・ Internal Control Report: 2 times ・ Audit Committee Report: 2 times ・ Corporate Governance Report approval: 1 time ・ Reports related to Fair Trade Commission recommendations based on the Subcontract Act: 2 times Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Governance Data Social Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission 122

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Data | 122
[TABLE] Governance
[TABLE] Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance

[PAGE 124]
Board of Director Skills Matrix The Board of Directors skills matrix is as follows. In line with a review of priority skill items for future business growth, “Government” was removed from the Board of Director Skills Matrix and “Corporate Strategy” was added as a new item, effective April 2024. Board of Directors skills matrix (As of July 1st, 2024) Global Management Corporate Strategy Automobile Industry Legal / Risk Management Finance / Accounting ESG Products / Technology Sales / Marketing Digital Transformations 1 Yasushi Kimura ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ 2 Jean-Dominique Senard ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ 3 Bernard Delmas ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ 4 Keiko Ihara ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ 5 Motoo Nagai ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ 6 Andrew House ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ 7 Brenda Harvey ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ 8 Teruo Asada ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ 9 Mariko Tokuno ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ 10 Pierre Fleuriot ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ 11 Makoto Uchida ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ 12 Hideyuki Sakamoto ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Governance Data Social Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission 123

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Data | 123
[TABLE] Governance
[TABLE] Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance
[TABLE] Global
Management | Corporate
Strategy | Automobile
Industry | Legal / Risk
Management | Finance /
Accounting | ESG | Products /
Technology | Sales /
Marketing | Digital
Transformations
[TABLE] 1 | Yasushi Kimura | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓
[TABLE] 2 | Jean-Dominique Senard | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓
[TABLE] 3 | Bernard Delmas | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓
[TABLE] 4 | Keiko Ihara | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓
[TABLE] 5 | Motoo Nagai | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓
[TABLE] 6 | Andrew House | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓
[TABLE] 7 | Brenda Harvey | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓
[TABLE] 8 | Teruo Asada | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓
[TABLE] 9 | Mariko Tokuno | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓
[TABLE] 10 | Pierre Fleuriot | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓
[TABLE] 11 | Makoto Uchida | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓
[TABLE] 12 | Hideyuki Sakamoto | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓

[PAGE 125]
*1 Click here for more information on each member of the Board of Directors. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/COMPANY/PROFILE/EXECUTIVE/ *2 Click here for reasons of appointment of Board members, on the Corporate Governance Report, Outside directors’ relationship with the Company(2). https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/GOVERNANCE/ASSETS/PDF/g_report.pdf Board features as of July 1st, 2024 Highly independent representation in Board and committee composition ・All chairs of the Board of Directors and three committees are independent outside directors. Board of Directors ・Majority of the Board of Directors (8 out of 12) are independent outside directors*1 *2 Committee ・ Nomination Committee : Majority (4 out of 5) are independent outside directors ・ Compensation Committee : All (5 out of 5) are independent outside directors ・ Audit Committee : Majority (4 out of 5) are independent outside directors Board members’ responsibilities and duties as of July 1st, 2024 Independent outside director Director Director since June 2019 Nomination Yasushi Kimura Director since Apr 2019 Nomination Jean-Dominique Senard Director since Jun 2019 Nomination Andrew House Independent outside director, chair of the board of directors Director, vice-chair of the board of directors Director since Jun 2018 Compensation Nomination Keiko Ihara Independent outside director, chair of Compensation Committee Independent outside director, chair of Nomination Committee Director since Feb 2020 Audit Pierre Fleuriot Director Audit Director since Jul 2023 Brenda Harvey Independent outside director Director since Feb 2020 Makoto Uchida Director, representative executive officer, president and CEO Director since Feb 2020 Hideyuki Sakamoto Director, executive officer, executive vice president Director since Jun 2019 Motoo Nagai Independent outside director, chair of Audit Committee Compensation Nomination Audit Compensation Compensation Director since Jun 2019 Bernard Delmas Independent outside director, lead independent outside director Audit Director since June 2024 Teruo Asada Independent outside director Audit Director since June 2024 Mariko Tokuno Independent outside director Compensation Nationality Diversity of nationality and gender 4 Nationalities Gender 25% Female Male 9 Female 3 Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Governance Data Social Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission 124

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Data | 124
[TABLE] Governance
[TABLE] Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance
[TABLE] Independent outside director | Director
[TABLE] Compensation
[TABLE] Audit
[TABLE] Nomination
[TABLE] Compensation
[TABLE] Nomination
[TABLE] Compensation
[TABLE] Audit
[TABLE] Nomination
[TABLE] Compensation

[PAGE 126]
Director independence standards To ensure highly independent representation on the Board of Directors, Nissan strictly defines the qualification of independent directors. They must not fall into any of the following categories: *1 Prohibited categories 1 Executive or employee of Nissan (within last 10 years) 2 Major shareholder of Nissan (within last 5 years) 3 Director, corporate auditor, statutory accounting advisor or executive of a company of which Nissan is a major shareholder 4 Major business partner of Nissan 5 Executive of an organization that received a significant amount of donations and contributions from Nissan 6 Director, corporate auditor, statutory accounting advisor or executive of a company that has a director who was seconded from Nissan 7 Major creditor of Nissan 8 Certified public accountant or tax attorney appointed as statutory accounting auditor / advisor of Nissan 9 Attorney, certified public accountant, tax attorney or any other type of consultant who has received significant business from Nissan 10 Member, partner or any other executive of an accounting firm, tax firm, or consulting firm that has received significant business from Nissan 11 Family member of any of the above categories 12 Person who has served as director of Nissan (for more than 8 years) 13 Person who may otherwise consistently have substantial conflicts of interest with the shareholders of Nissan *1 All items stated above are summaries of the full qualifications as defined in Nissan director independent standards. Click here for more details of each categories https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/GOVERNANCE/ASSETS/PDF/Standards_EN.pdf *2 Click here for more information on the Board of Directors activities in fiscal 2023. >>>P163 Status of the board of directors activities in fiscal 2023 The Board of Directors resolves important matters related to Group management based on laws and regulations of the Board of Directors itself, including drafting proposals for the General Meeting of Shareholders, selecting members for each committee, preparing quarterly and full-year financial statements and formulating business plans. In the fiscal year under review, agenda item submitted to the Board of Directors included the following. ・ Regular reports on the business execution status ・ Resolution of business plan: The Arc ・ Resolution of conclusion of new alliance with the Renault Group ・ Resolution of acquisition of own shares from Renault Group and cancellation of the acquired shares ・ Resolution of violation of the Subcontract Act following recommendation from the Fair Trade Commission and report on internal investigation results ・ IR reports ・ Reports on the Nissan Green Program 2030 (NGP2030) and the Nissan Social Program 2030 (NSP2030) ・ Regular reports on Internal control and risk management ・ Resolution of the Corporate Governance Report Regular meetings with outside directors chaired by the lead independent director are held to discuss a wide range of matters related to Nissan’s corporate governance and business. During this fiscal year, outside directors held multiple discussions with executive side toward the conclusion of the New Alliance Agreement with Renault Group. In addition, business briefing sessions on individual business topics were held from the executive team. The Board of Directors also held sessions between the independent directors and independent auditors in order to exchange views on subjects such as the trend of the quarterly disclosure system, current status of climate change and related sustainability disclosures, and impact-weighted accounts, twice this fiscal year. *2 Nomination Committee system and authority Authority / Role ・To determine the content of the General Shareholders Meeting agenda concerning the appointment and dismissal of directors as provided for in the Corporate Law ・To determine the content of the Board of Directors meeting agenda concerning the appointment and removal of the representative executive officer ・To formulate an appropriate succession plan regarding the president and CEO and review it at least once a year Resolution items ・Proposal of election / dismissal of director candidates ・Proposal of election / removal of representative executive officer ・Succession plan for CEO ・Proposal of appointment / dismissal of Board of Directors chair and vice chair ・Proposal of appointment / dismissal of committee chair and members As of March 31, 2024, the Nomination Committee chaired by independent outside directors consists of five directors, four of whom are independent outside directors (of whom one is a woman). The committee has the authority to determine the content of the General meeting of shareholders’ agenda concerning the appointment and dismissal of directors. In addition, the committee has the authority to decide on the content of the Board of Directors meeting agenda concerning the appointment and dismissal of the representative executive officer and the authority to formulate an appropriate succession plan regarding the president and chief executive officer. Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Governance Data Social Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission 125

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Data | 125
[TABLE] Governance
[TABLE] Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance
[TABLE] Authority / Role
[TABLE] ・To determine the content of the General Shareholders
Meeting agenda concerning the appointment and dismissal of
directors as provided for in the Corporate Law
・To determine the content of the Board of Directors meeting
agenda concerning the appointment and removal of the
representative executive officer
・To formulate an appropriate succession plan regarding the
president and CEO and review it at least once a year
[TABLE] Prohibited categories
[TABLE] 1
[TABLE] 2
[TABLE] 3
[TABLE] 4
[TABLE] 5
[TABLE] 6
[TABLE] 7
[TABLE] 8
[TABLE] 9
[TABLE] 10
[TABLE] 11
[TABLE] 12
[TABLE] 13
[TABLE] Resolution items
[TABLE] ・Proposal of election / dismissal of director candidates
・Proposal of election / removal of representative executive
officer
・Succession plan for CEO
・Proposal of appointment / dismissal of Board of Directors
chair and vice chair
・Proposal of appointment / dismissal of committee chair and
members

[PAGE 127]
Nomination Committee: Number of meetings and participation rate in fiscal 2023 ・ The Nomination Committee met 11 times in fiscal 2023.*1 ・ Average participation per meeting was 98.5%. Main activities in fiscal 2023 ・ Deliberated proposals for representative executive officer appointments ・ Deliberated proposals for director appointments / dismissals at the 125th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders ・ Deliberated president and chief executive officer succession plan *1 From April 1, 2023 to March 31, 2024 *2 Please refer to the 2023 Securities Report (P74-83) for details of the performance indicators of the compensation program. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/IR/LIBRARY/FR/2023/ASSETS/PDF/fr2023.pdf#page=76 *3 Click here for more information on the executives’ roles on sustainability and its performance assessment. >>> P011 *4 From April 1, 2023 to March 31, 2024 Compensation Committee system and authority Authority / Role ・To determine the policy of individual compensation of the company’s directors and executive officers and the contents of individual compensation for directors and executive officers ・To determine the aggregate and individual amounts of director and representative executive officer compensation Resolution Items ・Policies and systems regarding compensation for directors and executive officers ・Specific amount or (in the case of noncash compensation) specific content of compensation for each individual director and representative executive officer ・Specific amount or content of compensation for each individual executive officer As of March 31, 2024, all four members of the Compensation Committee are independent outside directors (of whom one is a woman), including the chair. The Compensation Committee has the statutory authority to determine the policy of individual compensation of the company’s directors and executive officers and the contents of individual compensation for directors and executive officers.*2 *3 Compensation Committee: Number of meetings and participation rate in fiscal 2023 ・ The Compensation Committee met 15 times in fiscal 2023.*4 ・ Average participation per meeting was 97.8%. Main activities in fiscal 2023 ・ Confirm a policy for compensating directors and executive officers ・ Select benchmark companies and discuss the level of compensation based on the benchmark results of these companies and the results of surveys conducted by external compensation consultants ・ Determine the aggregate and individual amounts of director and executive officer compensation for fiscal year. Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Governance Data Social Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission 126

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Data | 126
[TABLE] Governance
[TABLE] Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance
[TABLE] Authority / Role
[TABLE] ・To determine the policy of individual compensation of the
companyʼs directors and executive officers and the contents of
individual compensation for directors and executive officers
・To determine the aggregate and individual amounts of director and
representative executive officer compensation
[TABLE] Resolution Items
[TABLE] ・Policies and systems regarding compensation for directors and
executive officers
・Specific amount or (in the case of noncash compensation)
specific content of compensation for each individual director and
representative executive officer
・Specific amount or content of compensation for each individual
executive officer

[PAGE 128]
Audit Committee system and authority Authority / Role ・To audit (monitor and supervise) executive officers’ business execution and directors’ performance of their duties ・To make executive officers and employees / subsidiaries report on business execution and investigate the status of operation and financial conditions ・To seek injunctions against illegal acts of directors, executive officers, and employees ・To produce annual audit reports ・To select / dismiss external auditors (Appointed Audit Committee member) to represent the company in any litigation brought against directors / executive officers Resolution Items ・Annual audit reports to be submitted to shareholders meeting ・Audit policy / rules and annual audit plan / budget of the Audit Committee ・Proposal for shareholders meeting concerning the appointment / dismissal of external auditors ・Assignment of staff employees of Audit Committee secretariat ・Annual audit plan, budget and HC of Global Internal Audit Office, assignment and evaluation to the head of Global Internal Audit Office ・Filing of litigation against directors / executive officers As of March 31, 2024, the Audit Committee chaired by independent outside directors consists of five directors, four of whom are independent outside directors (of whom one is a woman). As part of audits on business execution including the organization and operation of Nissan’s internal control systems, the Audit Committee receives reports from executive officers, corporate officers, and employees on their business execution for Nissan and its group companies, in accordance with the Audit Committee’s annual audit plan and *1 Please refer to the 2023 Securities Report (P68) for details of the independence of Internal Audit. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/IR/LIBRARY/FR/2023/ASSETS/PDF/fr2023.pdf#page=70 *2 Please refer to the 2023 Securities Report (P68) for details of the relationship among Audit Committee, Internal Audit, and Execution side. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/IR/LIBRARY/FR/2023/ASSETS/PDF/fr2023.pdf#page=70 *3 From April 1, 2023 to March 31, 2024 *4 Please refer to the 2023 Securities Report (P70) for details of the status of the Audit Committee major activities in every month of this fiscal year. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/IR/LIBRARY/FR/2023/ASSETS/PDF/fr2023.pdf#page=72 on an ad-hoc basis as necessary. In addition, the Chair has meetings with executive officers including the president and chief executive officer periodically and exchanges opinions in various areas. Furthermore, the Chair attends important meetings, etc., to state his opinions, reviews internal approval documents and other important documents, and, when necessary, requests explanations or reports from executive officers, corporate officers, and employees. The Chair shares his collected information with other members of the Audit Committee in a timely manner. The Audit Committee, in conducting its audits, cooperates with the internal audit department and the independent auditors in an appropriate manner, making efforts to enhance the effectiveness of “tri-parties” audit. Under the leadership of the Audit Committee, collaboration among three parties is contributing to the enhancement of the effectiveness of internal control systems by sharing information on the issues pointed out by their respective audits and the status of their remediation in a timely manner. Furthermore, the Audit Committee supervises the internal audit department, having secured the internal audit department’s very high independence of the execution side, and periodically receives reports from them on the progress and results of their internal audit activities conducted in accordance with their internal audit plan and, as necessary, gives them instructions regarding internal audit.*1 *2 The Audit Committee is the contact point for whistleblowing with doubts regarding the involvement of management such as executive officers, and deals with whistleblowing by establishing a system where relevant executive officers cannot know the whistleblower and the content of whistleblowing. Audit Committee: Number of meetings and participation rate in fiscal 2023 ・ The Audit Committee met 12 times in fiscal 2023*3 ・ Average participation per meeting was 100% Main activities in fiscal 2023 The Audit Committee set the following as key audit items for this fiscal year. The Audit Committee considered and deliberated each item at the meeting repeatedly, and made recommendations to the execution side as needed. *4 Item Study & Discussion Monitoring of the business execution status of the executive officers, etc. ・ Progress of the business transformation plan Nissan NEXT in the final fiscal year ・ Responses to the major business challenges in Nissan NEXT, such as the improvement of sales quality, the initiatives of electrification etc. ・ Responses to other business challenges (the improvement of profits/costs structure, the implementation status of the introduction of a new accounting core system, etc.) ・ The status of the preparation of business plan: The Arc Monitoring of the operational status of the internal control system and the risk management system ・ The handling of the integrated risk management system and of individual high risk items ・ The activities concerning cybersecurity (the 3rd party evaluation results and the contents of the mid-term plan) ・ The progress of activities to improve the violation rate of, as well as drastic overhaul to, the DOA (Delegation of Authority) ・ The structural enhancement of the compliance division and the status of the activities to enhance internal awareness regarding compliance ・ Facts-finding and confirmation of the contents of recurrence prevention measures regarding the violation of the Subcontract Act Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Governance Data Social Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission 127

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Data | 127
[TABLE] Governance
[TABLE] Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance
[TABLE] Authority / Role
[TABLE] ・To audit (monitor and supervise) executive officersʼ business
execution and directorsʼ performance of their duties
・To make executive officers and employees / subsidiaries
report on business execution and investigate the status of
operation and financial conditions
・To seek injunctions against illegal acts of directors, executive
officers, and employees
・To produce annual audit reports
・To select / dismiss external auditors (Appointed Audit
Committee member) to represent the company in any litigation
brought against directors / executive officers
[TABLE] Item | Study & Discussion
[TABLE] Monitoring of the
business execution
status of the
executive officers,
etc. | ・ Progress of the business transformation plan Nissan
NEXT in the final fiscal year
・ Responses to the major business challenges in Nissan
NEXT, such as the improvement of sales quality, the
initiatives of electrification etc.
・ Responses to other business challenges (the improvement
of profits/costs structure, the implementation status of
the introduction of a new accounting core system, etc.)
・ The status of the preparation of business plan: The Arc
[TABLE] Monitoring of
the operational
status of the
internal control
system and the
risk management
system | ・ The handling of the integrated risk management system
and of individual high risk items
・ The activities concerning cybersecurity (the 3rd party
evaluation results and the contents of the mid-term plan)
・ The progress of activities to improve the violation rate of,
as well as drastic overhaul to, the DOA (Delegation of
Authority)
・ The structural enhancement of the compliance division
and the status of the activities to enhance internal
awareness regarding compliance
・ Facts-finding and confirmation of the contents of
recurrence prevention measures regarding the violation of
the Subcontract Act
[TABLE] Resolution Items
[TABLE] ・Annual audit reports to be submitted to shareholders meeting
・Audit policy / rules and annual audit plan / budget of the
Audit Committee
・Proposal for shareholders meeting concerning the
appointment / dismissal of external auditors
・Assignment of staff employees of Audit Committee secretariat
・Annual audit plan, budget and HC of Global Internal Audit
Office, assignment and evaluation to the head of Global
Internal Audit Office
・Filing of litigation against directors / executive officers

[PAGE 129]
In addition to those mentioned above for the key audit items, the Audit Committee also engaged in the following activities in this fiscal year: Handling of misconduct matters ・ The Audit Committee continuously implemented appropriate measures to seek responsibility for serious misconduct by the former chairman and a former representative director respectively and to recover damages, including the handling of the lawsuits filed against them to claim damages. Deepening of collaboration with the Independent Auditors ・ The Audit Committee received reports on the quarterly review for this fiscal year from the independent auditors, exchanged opinions with the independent auditors on the activities for the next generation digital audit, other than the Key Audit Matters (KAM), and evaluated the appropriateness of the independent auditors’ audit quality from multiple aspects. *1 Click here for more information on each executive officer. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/COMPANY/PROFILE/EXECUTIVE/ *2 Click here for more information on the Nissan Corporate Governance Overview, for the internal control system. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/GOVERNANCE/ASSETS/PDF/Overview_EN.pdf On-site audits and collaboration with the company group’s statutory auditors ・ Audit Committee members conducted on-site audits on the Company’s sites/plants and major domestic and overseas subsidiaries (2 sites and 14 subsidiaries), and Audit Committee received reports on the results of major on-site audits. ・ The Audit Committee held semi-annual conferences with major domestic statutory auditors of group companies to improve their audit quality. Executive officer system Executive officers decide on business activities which are delegated in accordance with the resolutions of the Board of Directors and execute the business of the Nissan Group. Several conference bodies have been established to deliberate on and discuss important corporate matters and the execution of daily business affairs. Furthermore, in the pursuit of more efficient and flexible management, the authority for business execution is clearly delegated as much as possible to corporate officers and employees. As of March 31, 2024, five executive officers (including one representative executive officers) have been appointed. *1 Basic principles of the internal control system We aim to provide superior value to all stakeholders, consider healthy governance the foundation for this, and are engaged in a range of activities to achieve it. In line with this principle, and in accordance with Japan’s Companies Act and its related regulations, the Board of Directors has decided on internal control systems*2 to pursue these goals and its own basic policy. The Board of Directors continually monitors the status of implementation regarding these systems and the policy, making adjustments and improvements if necessary. The internal control system that was established in 2007 is chaired by the CEO under the monitoring and supervision of the Board of Directors. All executive officers, corporate officers, and departments, as well as group companies, cooperate closely under the CEO to improve the internal control system. Audit system We have adopted a system under which the outside directors, Auditing Committee, internal audit department, and outside accounting auditors coordinate to improve the effectiveness of our internal control systems. Independent outside directors lead the Board of Directors, deciding the basic direction of management and supervising the execution of duties by directors, executive directors. The Audit Committee takes charge of internal audit department and instructs it with regard to auditing, and internal audit department shall report to the Audit Committee the status of the performance of duties and any findings therefrom on an ongoing basis. The Audit Committee also receives reports from the accounting auditors, as well as detailed explanations on the status of the quality control of internal audits, to confirm whether their oversight is at a suitable level. Confirmation of the status of the internal audit department ・ Significant audit findings and the execution of recommended improvements based thereon (The internal audit department’s following-up to encourage the steady execution thereof by the execution side.) ・ The internal audit department’s initiatives to further enhance the operation of each Gemba (aiming at not only a “problem solver” but also an “insight generator”) ・ The integrate cooperation and close communication as “global one team” of internal audit department ・ Initiatives to enhance the 2nd line (proactive involvement by the internal audit department in the 2nd line operation such as cyber security) Measures to enhance the internal control as the Company’s group ・ The integrated management of all group companies in Japan and overseas for further group governance enhancement. ・ The collaboration between Nissan’s internal audit department and major domestic companies’ internal audit section. Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Governance Data Social Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission 128

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Data | 128
[TABLE] Governance
[TABLE] Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance
[TABLE] Confirmation of
the status of the
internal audit
department | ・ Significant audit findings and the execution of
recommended improvements based thereon (The internal
audit departmentʼs following-up to encourage the steady
execution thereof by the execution side.)
・ The internal audit departmentʼs initiatives to further
enhance the operation of each Gemba (aiming at not only
a “problem solver” but also an “insight generator”)
・ The integrate cooperation and close communication as
“global one team” of internal audit department
・ Initiatives to enhance the 2nd line (proactive involvement
by the internal audit department in the 2nd line operation
such as cyber security)
[TABLE] Measures to
enhance the
internal control as
the Companyʼs
group | ・ The integrated management of all group companies
in Japan and overseas for further group governance
enhancement.
・ The collaboration between Nissanʼs internal audit
department and major domestic companiesʼ internal audit
section.

[PAGE 130]
Independent internal audits Nissan has the global Internal Audit department, as an independent group to conduct internal auditing tasks under the Audit Committee. Regional audit teams are in each regional headquarters, and for Sales Finance, IT, and Monozukuri areas which require a higher level of expertise, global specialty audit leadership is set up to conduct related audits across the regions. Under the control of the Chief Internal Audit Officer (CIAO), all audits are carried out efficiently and consistently on a global basis. Internal audits are conducted based on the audit plans which were approved by the Audit Committee. Audit results are regularly reported to the Audit Committee, the relevant departments, and corporate officers in a timely manner. Nissan’s corporate governance system Board of Directors Office Delegate Report / propose, etc. Monitor Report Supervision Execution Nomination Committee Audit Committee Board of Directors Global Internal Audit Office Appoint / dismiss Make proposal to appoint / dismiss accounting auditor General Meeting of Shareholders Compensation Committee Regional Management Committees, individual functions, Group companies Appoint / dismiss directors Audit / report Accounting auditor Make proposal to appoint /dismiss representative executive officer Make proposal to appoint / dismiss directors Determine committee members Executive Committee, executive officers Internal Control Committee Representative executive officer Coordinate Report Audit Audit Board of Directors / committee operation Determine compensation Delegate, appoint / dismiss representative executive officers / executive officers Determine compensation (representative executive officers / executive officers) Report / submit Supervise Accounting audit report Delegation of authority outline Delegation of authority (DOA) is a part of Nissan’s decision-making rules that defines who must be involved in important corporate decisions Clarify decision-making process Maintain and enhance management quality DOA provides a clear framework for the decision-making process and defines who is responsible for the decision. DOA improves overall management quality at Nissan by increasing the speed and efficiency of decision-making. Role of DOA Scope of DOA BOD* regulation Function / department rule DOA i.DOA covers only important corporate decisions. ii.Besides DOA, there are other decision-making rules such as the business process standard document. iii.DOA also applies to Nissan’s consolidated subsidiaries including foreign companies except where there are special circumstances. iv.DOA is classified as global, regional, or local DOA according to its scope of application. Overall decision-making rule *BOD: Board of Directors Delegation of authority governance For the purpose of enhancing management quality as well as clarifying the process of decision- making, fair and transparent delegation of authority (DOA) is appropriately implemented and strictly controlled. Robustness Any revisions, creation and deletion are strictly controlled by the DOA Committee, which is chaired by corporate officers Transparency DOA defines the appropriate individuals who must propose, validate and decide, are disclosed in the Nissan Group employee’s intranet Fairness Aside from Proposer and Decider, the Validator, who provides expertise to a Decider in the Validator’s relevant area, is set in the DOA items Effectiveness DOA representatives and coordinators are assigned in each function and region for efficient operation and for enhancing global management 01 02 03 04 Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Governance Data Social Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission 129

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Data | 129
[TABLE] Governance
[TABLE] Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance
[TABLE] BOD* regulation
[TABLE] DOA
[TABLE] General Meeting of Shareholders | Appoint / dismiss
[TABLE] Make proposa
dismiss direct | l to appoint
ors
[TABLE] Appoint / dis | miss directors
[TABLE] Supervision Accounting
audit report
Board of Directors
Coordinate
Make proposal to Audit / report
appoint /dismiss
representative Determine committee members
executive officer
Determine compensation
Nomination Committee Compensation Committee Audit Committee
Board of Directors / Delegate,
committee operation represe a n p ta p t o iv in e t e / x d e i c s u m ti i v s e s Audit Report
Board of Directors Office officers / executive officers
Determine compensation
( o r f e f p ic r e e r s s e / n t e a x t e iv c e u e ti x v e e c o u f t f i i v c e e rs) G A lo u b d a it l I O nt f e fi r c n e al | ate
[TABLE] Board of Directors | Audit | oordin | ate
[TABLE] Ma
ap
rep
exe | ke proposal to
point /dismiss
resentative
cutive officer | Determine co | mmittee members | Audit | / report
[TABLE] mpensation | ate,
miss
tive
cers
[TABLE] Co | mpensation Committee | Audit Committee
[TABLE] Report
Globa
Audi
[TABLE] Audit
[TABLE] Supervise / R s e u p b o m rt i t
[TABLE] Mak
prop
o a
/ dis
acc
audi | e
osal
ppoint
miss
ounting
tor
[TABLE] Determine co | mmittee members
[TABLE] Determine co | mpensation
[TABLE] Deleg
appoint / dis
representative execu
officers / executive offi | ate,
miss
tive
cers
[TABLE] Determine c
(representati
officers / ex | ompensation
ve executive
ecutive officers)
[TABLE] Globa
Audi | l Internal
t Office

[PAGE 131]
Avoidance of conflict of interest In case of any transaction that involves any conflict of interest between the company and a director or executive officer, the Board Regulations provide that Board approval, as well as a post-facto report to the Board of important facts associated with the transaction, are required. In addition, in 2019 the company established a Director Conflict of Interest Resolution Policy (updated in 2023) which defines conflict of interest between a director and the company, conducts annual conflict of interest questionnaires, requires directors to report any actual, potential or perceived conflicts, and also establishes procedures to resolve such conflicts. Further, the Global Conflict of Interest Code came into force in March 2022 and applies to all officers and employees. Three key pillars of director conflict of interest resolution policy Three key pillars of director conflict of interest resolution policy Duty to report Mandates two affirmative duties for directors: i. Timely reporting of actual and potential conflicts; ii. Advance disclosure of interested transactions Confirmation of specific conflicts of interest In the event that a potential conflict of interest is detected in a Board of Director or committee proposals, the Board of Director or committee secretariats shall review whether the proposal has a specific conflict of interest and confirm with the chairperson of each meeting body on actions necessary to resolve said conflict. In confirming potential conflicts of interest, when necessary, the company will seek the opinion of a neutral and impartial outside law firm. Specific conflict of interest resolution procedures and management Procedures for resolving specific conflicts of interest shall include the following. i . In the event that a specific conflict of interest is identified by a director, the chairperson of each meeting body shall report the results of said confirmation to the director in question prior to the meeting. ii . The director who receives the report shall not receive any materials related to proposals, nor participate in meeting deliberations or resolutions. iii . Conflicts of interest shall be managed in a database. Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Governance Data Social Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission 130

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Data | 130
[TABLE] Governance
[TABLE] Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance
[TABLE] Duty to report
[TABLE] Mandates two affirmative duties for directors:
ⅰ.Timely reporting of actual and potential conflicts;
ⅱ.Advance disclosure of interested transactions
[TABLE] Confirmation of specific conflicts of interest
[TABLE] In the event that a potential conflict of interest is detected in a Board
of Director or committee proposals, the Board of Director or committee
secretariats shall review whether the proposal has a specific conflict
of interest and confirm with the chairperson of each meeting body
on actions necessary to resolve said conflict. In confirming potential
conflicts of interest, when necessary, the company will seek the opinion
of a neutral and impartial outside law firm.
[TABLE] Specific conflict of interest resolution procedures and
management
[TABLE] Procedures for resolving specific conflicts of interest shall include the
following.
i . In the event that a specific conflict of interest is identified by a director,
the chairperson of each meeting body shall report the results of said
confirmation to the director in question prior to the meeting.
ii. The director who receives the report shall not receive any materials
related to proposals, nor participate in meeting deliberations or
resolutions.
iii.Conflicts of interest shall be managed in a database.

[PAGE 132]
Risk management systems Our Global Risk Management Policy defines risk as “events or situations that could prevent Nissan Group from achieving its corporate purpose, strategies, business objectives.” Accordingly, Nissan promotes group-wide risk management activities. Detecting risks as early as possible, evaluating the magnitude of impact and probability of occurrence, and examining and implementing the requisite measures reduces the probability and likelihood risk events will occur. In the event that risks occur, we strive to minimize losses and ensure the risk is managed commensurately with its magnitude. Specifically, to respond to changes in our business environment within and outside the company, we have carried out periodic interviews of corporate officers and conducted hearings in each corporate function by department in charge of risk management. Furthermore, in cooperation with the Corporate Strategy Department, we have carefully investigated various potential risks and revised the “corporate risk map” by evaluating impact, likelihood, and control level quantitatively and qualitatively. The Corporate Risk Management Committee, chaired by the CEO, makes decisions on risk issues that must be handled at the corporate level and designates “risk owners” to manage these risks. Under the leadership of these owners, we design appropriate countermeasures. The head of risk management assesses the control level of each risk and determines the effectiveness of each risk management activity. The progress of these activities is regularly reported to The Corporate Risk Management Committee and the Internal Control Committee, and also to the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors, when appropriate. *1 Please refer to the 2023 Securities Report (P29-35) for details of “Business and other risks” https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/IR/LIBRARY/FR/2023/ASSETS/PDF/fr2023.pdf#page=31 *2 In principle, risk owners are Executive Committee members. With respect to individual business risks, each division is responsible for taking the preventive measures necessary to minimize the probability of risk issues and their impact when they do arise as part of its ordinary business activities. The divisions also prepare emergency measures to put in place when risk factors materialize. In addition, Nissan has established a system to comprehensively respond to business continuity risks*1 by creating a specialized department which deals with disasters and operational risks, to take prompt and coordinated responses when a crisis occurs. Corporate risk management Board of Directors Audit Committee Biannual reporting Biannual reporting Regular reporting and monitoring Chairperson: CEO (executive officer in charge of internal control) Internal Control Committee Chairperson: CEO Each region / Group company Corporate Risk Management Committee (As of March 31, 2024) PMO: Corporate Management Office Risk owner*2 Responsible Executive Specific committees / line functions ... Risk owner*2 Responsible Executive Specific committees / line functions Risk owner*2 Responsible Executive Specific committees / line functions Risk owner*2 Responsible Executive Specific committees / line functions Risk owner*2 Responsible Executive Specific committees / line functions Risk owner*2 Responsible Executive Specific committees / line functions Risk owner*2 Responsible Executive Specific committees / line functions Nissan Group companies in Japan and overseas are strengthening communication to share basic processes and tools for risk management, as well as related information, throughout the Group. The business environment in which we operate has been increasingly volatile in recent years, including such aspects as the widespread adoption of new technologies and growing geopolitical risks. We will continue to bolster our activities in this area so we can appropriately address these changes. Risk management Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Governance Data Social Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission 131

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Data | 131
[TABLE] Governance
[TABLE] Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance
[TABLE] Board of Directors
[TABLE] Audit Committee
[TABLE] Chairperson: CEO
(executive officer in charge of internal control)
[TABLE] Internal Control Committee
[TABLE] Chairperson: CEO
[TABLE] Corporate Risk Management Committee
[TABLE] wner*2 Risk o
nsible Respo
utive Exec
cific Spe
ttees / commi
ctions line fun | wner*2 Risk o
nsible Respo
utive Exec
cific Spe
ttees / commi
ctions line fun | wner*2 Risk o
…
nsible Respo
utive Exec
cific Spe
ttees / commi
ctions line fun | wner*2 Risk o
nsible Respo
utive Exec
cific Spe
ttees / commi
ctions line fun | wner*2 Risk o
nsible Respo
utive Exec
cific Spe
ttees / comm
ctions line fu | wner*2 Risk o
nsible Respo
utive Exe
cific Spe
ittees / comm
nctions line fu
[TABLE] Risk o | wner*2
[TABLE] Respo
Exec | nsible
utive
[TABLE] Spe
commi
line fun | cific
ttees /
ctions
[TABLE] Risk o | wner*2
[TABLE] Respo
Exec | nsible
utive
[TABLE] Spe
commi
line fun | cific
ttees /
ctions
[TABLE] Risk o | wner*2
[TABLE] Respo
Exec | nsible
utive
[TABLE] Spe
commi
line fun | cific
ttees /
ctions
[TABLE] Risk o | wner*2
[TABLE] Respo
Exec | nsible
utive
[TABLE] Spe
commi
line fun | cific
ttees /
ctions
[TABLE] Risk o | wner*2
[TABLE] Respo
Exec | nsible
utive
[TABLE] Spe
commi
line fun | cific
ttees /
ctions
[TABLE] Risk o | wner*2
[TABLE] Respo
Exec | nsible
utive
[TABLE] Spe
comm
line fu | cific
ittees /
nctions
[TABLE] Risk o | wner*2
[TABLE] Respo
Exe | nsible
cutive
[TABLE] Spe
comm
line fu | cific
ittees /
nctions

[PAGE 133]
Risk management enhancement efforts To realize the long-term vision Nissan Ambition 2030 announced in 2021, Nissan is continuously revising and enhancing risk management processes and frameworks. Based on the principle “three lines of defense” as a systematic enhancement, the PMO of Risk Management was precisely positioned to function as the second line and the personnel system was enhanced. To support this new basic company policy, we have positioned the objective of risk management as activities supporting the realization of our corporate purpose from a longer-term perspective rather than limiting it to short-term objectives such as achieving business targets. Annual process of corporate risk management Control / mitigation activities by 1st line Emerging risk searching & identification Reflect Risk identification (Regular survey) Risk assessment Risk control review & validation Interim reporting Risk identification (Regular survey) Risk assessment Risk control review & validation Year end reporting Reflect Interview with Executives Interview with function (GM level) Assess & prioritize risks Consider candidates of corporate risk & owners Confirm control activity Assess & prioritize risks Consider candidates of corporate risk & owners Confirm control activity Review control activity Control level validated by owner Reporting to CRMC Semiannual reporting to ICC/ AC/ BOD RM disclosure (Quarterly financial report) Interview with Executives Interview with function (GM level) Review control activity Control level validated by owner Reporting to CRMC Semiannual reporting to ICC/ AC/ BOD RM disclosure (Securities Report/ Sustainability data book) CRMC: Corporate Risk Management Committee ICC: Internal Control Committee AC: Audit Committee BOD: Board of Directors (As of March 31, 2024) Carry out PDCA cycle annually Accordingly, we have taken a wider view of targeted risks from the perspectives of enhancing corporate value and contributing to sustainability that includes ESG risks such as the environment and human rights, and also created a system for ascertaining risks in a timely manner. Regarding the evaluation of risks, in addition to transitioning away from conventional subjective and qualitative evaluations to more objective and quantitative evaluations, we referenced the international framework and engaged in more concrete risk assessments and monitoring activities to control and manage risks. These process and tool improvements have been appropriately reflected in our Risk Management Manual. Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Governance Data Social Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission 132

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Data | 132
[TABLE] Governance
[TABLE] Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance
[TABLE] Carry out PDCA cycle annually

[PAGE 134]
Approach to information security We share our Information Security Policy with group companies worldwide as a basis for reinforced information security. Information security management The Information Security Committee is implementing enhanced information security measures through the PDCA cycle. We reliably address issues by identifying internal and external information leaks as they occur worldwide and reinforce information security on a timely basis. Information security achievements To thoroughly educate and motivate employees to adhere to Information Security Policy, we institute regular in-house educational programs. *1 Click here for more information on the Global Data Privacy Policy. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/LIBRARY/ASSETS/PDF/Data_Privacy_e.pdf Approach to data privacy We recognize our social responsibility to properly handle personal information in full compliance with the respective personal information protection law in each jurisdiction. We formulated the Global Data Privacy Policy*1 to ensure a unified global approach to the use of personal information, including customer data. This policy ensures that the handling of information is consistent and treated as an important duty at all Nissan sites. This policy sets out Nissan’s basic commitment to privacy. Data privacy management We have set up internal governance systems, rules, and procedures for handling personal data. Global governance is organized such that regional data privacy leads work together with the Global Compliance Office for coordination and, through their Regional Compliance Officers, ultimately report to the Global Compliance Committee. Nissan Group companies are fully enforcing these processes where required. Data privacy achievement The privacy teams are improving processes, in particular, when supporting Nissan functions handling personal data as they implement relevant data privacy controls. Privacy and data security Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Governance Data Social Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission 133

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Data | 133
[TABLE] Governance
[TABLE] Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance

[PAGE 135]
To raise compliance awareness throughout the company and all employees to act with integrity and high standards, Nissan has established a Global Compliance Office, as well as specialized departments, and appointed officers to promote compliance in each region where it operates. In fiscal 2023, Nissan published the Global Third-Party Compliance Risk Management Policy that establishes the company’s guidelines, governance, and fundamental principles to address compliance risks associated with third parties. Based on this policy, the Global Compliance Office and Purchasing department launched Third-Party Compliance risk monitoring initiative for supplier areas. The fourth Nissan Ethics Day was held globally in December to enhance a culture of ethics and compliance in the company. This event focuses upon reinforcing both Nissan’s tone at the top and tone in the middle. Employees at all levels of the company had an opportunity to discuss the perception of each other about ethics. *1 Please refer to the 2023 Securities Report (P33) for details of measures to prevent recurrence of nonconforming of final vehicle inspections. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/IR/LIBRARY/FR/2023/ASSETS/PDF/fr2023.pdf#page=35 Enhancing compliance Executing an overhaul of compliance checks At Nissan, after the discovery in 2017 of nonconformities in the final vehicle inspection process at vehicle assembly plants in Japan*1, we have taken measures to prevent recurrence to ensure that such a thing could never happen again. Accordingly, in fiscal 2018, an overhaul of compliance checks was carried out, and from fiscal 2019 to 2020, the Global Compliance Office and relevant functions monitored those items periodically twice a year. In fiscal 2019, comprehensive compliance checks for major subsidiaries in Japan was undertaken, and they have continued to be carried out on a regular basis since then. Since fiscal 2021, the Global Compliance Office started compliance risk assessments completing all Nissan affiliates in fiscal 2023, and continues to oversee regions’ risk monitoring including the residual risk remediation plans. Working with dealerships Nissan undertakes various measures to ensure that its approach to compliance is shared with dealerships and to enhance its internal controls. While strengthening lines of communication with dealership, we are carrying out activities to enhance their compliance at dealerships in Japan. Specifically, Nissan arranges a self-assessment program (Control Self-Assessment) for dealerships to enhance understanding of compliance matters and improve their compliance management status. We supply check items which is reflected in our internal audit results to all dealerships. They check their current compliance status and issues through the check item and use the PDCA cycle to make voluntary improvements. When major compliance issues occur, the legal, communications, external and government affairs and other applicable Nissan departments work together with dealers to take prompt and appropriate action. Compliance Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Governance Data Social Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission 134

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Data | 134
[TABLE] Governance
[TABLE] Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance

[PAGE 136]
Anti-bribery Approach to anti-bribery Nissan does not tolerate corruption of any kind, whether individual or systemic. The Nissan Global Anti-Bribery, Gifts & Hospitality Policy*1 establishes a global framework for preventing and responding to corruption. Nissan respects local customs and traditions, but corrupt practices are never acceptable. Anti-bribery management Nissan has established a Global Code of Conduct*2 and Global Compliance Office as well as departments and officers at each of its operations worldwide with responsibility for promoting compliance measures. Moreover, all group-affiliated companies have introduced their own codes based on the Global Code of Conduct. The Code of Conduct is supported by training courses to ensure full understanding of its content. Nissan has created a series of internal policies that are applied globally, such as Global DOA (Delegation of Authority) Policy, Global Regulations on Preventive Control Against Insider Trading, Information Security Policy, Global Anti-Bribery, Gifts & Hospitality Policy and Global Data Privacy Policy. With these policies in place, Nissan is working to heighten awareness and reduce infractions. Employee education programs to promote compliance are held regularly in all regions in which Nissan operates. For example, training sessions based on the Global Anti- Bribery, Gifts & Hospitality Policy has been conducted in all regions with attestation. The training covered the basics of the bribes, laws and regulations, risk areas and red flags. Business cases included examples of bribes, interaction with government official and red flags. Another training implemented in all regions was based on the Global *1 Click here for more information on Global Anti-Bribery, Gifts and Hospitality Policy https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/LIBRARY/ASSETS/PDF/Anti-Bribery_GH_e.pdf *2 Click here for more information on the Global Code of Conduct. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/LIBRARY/ASSETS/PDF/NISSAN_GCC_E.pdf Conflict of Interest Policy, explaining to employees most common situations of potential conflict of interest and how employees should disclose it in Nissan. The training has cases considering relationship with customers and suppliers, duty of loyalty and personal/family relationships. Training attestation is also included after completing the course. Business ethics Approach to business ethics Employees and compliance In 2001, Nissan established a Global Code of Conduct containing practical guidance for employees. Today, this Code of Conduct is applied at all Nissan Group companies worldwide. We also provide guidance on compliance for directors and corporate officers, and educational activities to ensure strict adherence to the rules. The Global Compliance Committee (GCC), co-chaired by the CEO and Global Compliance Officer, is held twice a year, where global compliance strategies are deliberated, annual programs are validated, and compliance issues are discussed. The results of the GCC are reported to the Executive Committee (EC) and the Audit Committee. Under the oversight of our Global Compliance Committee, we have established a Regional Compliance Committee in each region of operation, forming a worldwide system for detecting and deterring noncompliance and unethical behavior. The Global Headquarters works with all regions and bases of operation to ensure full awareness of compliance issues and prevent noncompliance activity, and has processes in place to take appropriate disciplinary action against those who violate or infringe the Global Code of Conduct or laws and regulations. Our Global Compliance Office further increases the rigor of our compliance management. In addition, to enhance compliance at the regional level, standalone, independent, regional compliance officers are appointed in Japan-ASEAN, China, Americas, and AMIEO (Africa / Middle East / India / Europe / Oceania) regions. Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Governance Data Social Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission 135

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Data | 135
[TABLE] Governance
[TABLE] Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance

[PAGE 137]
1 *1 Each Regional Compliance Committee oversees various local compliance committees as appropriate. *2 Click here for more information on Global Code of Conduct. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/LIBRARY/ASSETS/PDF/NISSAN_GCC_E.pdf Global Code of Conduct The Global Code of Conduct*2 contains our core principles for doing business with honesty and integrity, in full compliance with established laws and regulations in all locations in which we operate. The Code of Conduct’s standards apply to all employees within Nissan Group companies, and every employee is responsible for upholding and adhering to the Code. The Code of Conduct is reviewed for revision at least once every three years to ensure that it evolves along with the company and society. In fiscal 2023, a new learning methodology was implemented in the Global Code of Conduct training, materials were created considering business scenarios and ethical dilemmas, delivered to all Nissan employees. The e-learning material for indirect employees was available in approximately 15 languages and the completion ratio was 98.9%. The training materials was prepared for direct employees (factory and warehouse workers) who watched videos for further conversation with leaders. This Global Code of Conduct training is mandatory for all Nissan employees every year as well as Board members and Corporate officers, who receive specific training materials about the Code of Conduct. Compliance and dissemination status of Global Code of Conduct is self-assessed by responsible departments and independently evaluated by the internal audit. The results are reported annually to the Internal Control Committee and also to the Board of Directors. Business ethics management Internal reporting system for corporate soundness Nissan has established a globally integrated reporting system to promote thorough understanding of compliance among employees worldwide and facilitate sound business practices. The system, known as SpeakUp, is operated by an independent third party, NAVEX Global, which specializes in ethical hotlines. SpeakUp can be used by employees to ask questions or voice concerns to the company, thereby improving workplaces and operations. SpeakUp permits anonymous reporting and two-way confidential communication. It is available 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, in approximately 20 languages via website. SpeakUp is promoted to employees through various internal communication means, such as posters, intranet banners, internal articles, and events such as Nissan’s annual Ethics Day. Employees are encouraged to report violations of the Global Code of Conduct or other company rules, and are protected from retaliation by our Global Whistleblowing Policy, a cornerstone of our compliance program. Reports are assigned by compliance personnel to the appropriate team for handling, such as HR, security, or legal. Compliance cases are handled by independent compliance officers, and substantiated cases are presented to a cross- functional compliance committee. In fiscal 2023, 2,424 concerns were reported globally. Among those, 18% were compliance-related matters while 62% were human resource related. These figures include 343 inquiries, making “Inquiry” the most common report category. In addition to inquiries, the most recurrent types of reports are “Offensive or Inappropriate Communication”, “Human Resource Concern”, and “Other Company Policy Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Governance Data Social Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission 136 Global Compliance Committee organization (As of April 1st, 2024) Internal Control Committee Executive Committee (EC) Regional Compliance Committees*1 Audit Committee Management Committees (MCs) Japan-ASEAN China Americas AMIEO Global Compliance Committee (GCC)

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Data | 136
[TABLE] Governance
[TABLE] Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance
[TABLE] Global Compliance | Committee (GCC)
[TABLE] Regional Complia | nce Committees*1

[PAGE 138]
Violations”. Measures taken range from termination of employment to procedural improvements. Global Whistleblowing System (SpeakUp) Process Whistleblower The whistleblower reports actual or reasonably suspected “Noncompliant Behavior” Assessment of the whistleblowing case Request additional information There is insufficient information to proceed Whistleblower informed of case closure The Investigation is conducted & report drafted The Compliance Committee considers disciplinary action and process recommendations Process recommendations are communicated for implementation Employee disciplinary action finalized & implemented by HR The Investigation Report is presented to the Compliance Committee Assign to appropriate department to handle (Compliance, HR, Legal, Physical Security, etc.) Other Related Departments Compliance Department Authorized Committee Security-related export controls To help maintain both national and international peace and security, we rigorously comply with export control laws and regulations in Japan and regions where we operate to keep sensitive goods, software, and technologies from reaching sponsors of terrorism, espionage, or human rights violators. Our export compliance program is implemented under a system headed by the representative executive responsible for export control. Specifically, our Export Control Global Secretariat, consisting of a Global Director and Regional Managers, works with each of our businesses to set control and monitoring mechanisms ensuring compliance with security-related export controls, and these mechanisms are strictly applied to all operations. We respond in a timely manner to export control regulation changes and related developments around the world. Several of our focal points this fiscal year has been the continued management of various geopolitical issues (i.e., Russia / Ukraine, Israel / Hamas, Forced Labor) and the quickly changing regulatory landscape as well as global digitalization of our Intranet site, Due Diligence and Export Classification processes. With the overall aim of improving our level of internal control, we strive to conduct regular risk-assessment activities in connection with export controls in each region, create monitoring mechanisms aligned with regulatory requirements and business demands, and continually improve our operations. To make employees more familiar with compliance risks, we are reviewing our training system and materials, including information about complying with relevant customs and trade laws. We are revamping our mandatory training for all employees and will deploy during fiscal year 2024. We have been addressing export control of advanced technologies on a global level to prepare for the future of the company. We continue to promote export control for advanced technologies, such as electrification, autonomous Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Governance Data Social Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission 137

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Data | 137
[TABLE] Governance
[TABLE] Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance

[PAGE 139]
driving and connected car technologies at Nissan sites in Japan, the U.S., and Europe as well as other locations around the world. By making export control procedures an integral part of our development and design operations, we aim to strengthen our compliance. In addition, we are renewing and collecting information on controlled goods, software, and technologies in each region and are implementing comprehensive and sound export controls for each business operation through the systematic sharing of this information. Representative executive responsible for export controls Functions Marketing and sales, R&D, Supply-chain management, Production, After Sales, TCSX, Design, INFINITI, IT, Customs and Trade, Legal, Compliance, Other operational groups, etc. Export Control Global Secretariat Japan-ASEAN, China Americas AMIEO *1 Global export control policy framework *1 AMIEO (Africa / Middle East / India / Europe / Oceania) *2 Click here for more information on the Tax Governance Policy. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/LIBRARY/ASSETS/PDF/Tax_Governance_Policy_e.pdf *3 Click here for more information on Nissan’s U.K. tax strategy. https://www.nissan.co.uk/legal/nissan-uk-tax-strategy.html Commitment to tax transparency Approach to tax In line with its Global Code of Conduct, Nissan is committed to complying with the laws and regulations of all countries in which Nissan operates, as well as with international tax treaties and tax-related financial reporting rules. To conduct business properly and efficiently in many markets across the globe, Nissan established a documented tax policy. The Tax Governance Policy*2 is available on Nissan global website. Nissan is consistently fulfilling all tax disclosure requirements under domestic and international rules (such as OECD Country-by-Country Reporting) and other country specific transparency requirements such as those in Australia or the U.K.*3. Nissan effectively manages its tax risks by involving its Tax Department into key business decisions. Nissan’s Tax Department collaborates with and supports other functions to ensure tax implications are properly evaluated and addressed in operational and strategic decision-making on a timely basis. Input from the Tax Department is particularly critical in relation to transactions, restructurings, legal entity modifications, legislative changes and other business changes, as necessary to support Nissan’s business strategy. Through a formal delegation of authority process, the Tax Department validates key business decisions from a tax perspective, thereby ensuring the tax strategy is aligned with the wider business objectives, in a consistent and timely manner. Nissan applies established international standards (such as those developed by the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD)) for the pricing of transactions between the companies within the group. Intercompany transactions are priced on an arm’s-length basis, which means that Nissan entities transact with each other as if they were independent entities. Nissan is transparent about its approach to tax. Nissan aims to pay the appropriate amount of taxes in the jurisdictions in which it operates, and to avoid tax-related interest payments and penalties for failure to comply with local and international tax rules. Nissan’s business is structured according to the commercial substance of its operation. No artificial or unusual business structures are used to evade taxes. Nissan does not engage in any transaction aimed at tax avoidance or not aligned with its normal course of business. The CFO reviews and approves the tax strategy and the Tax policy. The Global Head of Tax and the CFO update annually the Board of Directors on Nissan’s tax risks, its risk management tools and overall adherence to the group’s tax strategy. Tax management Nissan effectively manages tax risks within the group by participating in and through the delegation of authority process at local, regional, and global level validating key business decisions from a tax perspective in a consistent manner. Nissan’s global brand reputation and the continuing success of its manufacturing, distribution and financing operations are of paramount importance. Nissan seeks to close tax audits by reaching an agreement with the tax authorities on the appropriate tax treatment of items under review. In case Nissan is unable to reach an agreement with the tax authorities, Nissan will take necessary actions to defend its tax positions, including seeking recourse to litigation. Nissan has several methods for identifying and managing tax risks. Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Governance Data Social Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission 138

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Data | 138
[TABLE] Governance
[TABLE] Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance
[TABLE] Export Control G
Japan-ASE
Ame
AMIE | lobal Secretariat
AN, China
ricas
O *1
[TABLE] Func | tions
[TABLE] Marketing and sales, R&D, Supply-chain management, Production, After Sales,
TCSX, Design, INFINITI, IT, Customs and Trade, Legal, Compliance,
Other operational groups, etc.

[PAGE 140]
For example, the Tax Department maintains a global database containing a list of the group’s ongoing audits, uncertain tax positions and topics that may represent a tax risk in the future (such as new tax rules and inconsistent application of existing rules by tax authorities). It includes all potential tax risk: both direct and indirect taxes. All such risk items are extensively documented and qualified. Reports can be produced as needed and key findings are discussed quarterly with global senior management. Specifically for income tax, Nissan has a process in place at local, regional, and global level to recognize uncertain tax positions as required by the Interpretation No. 23 of the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (IFRIC 23). Nissan adopted IFRIC 23 from the beginning of fiscal 2019. Regarding transfer pricing topics, Nissan’s Tax Department has internal procedures and controls in place to identify transfer pricing risks, assess, monitor, and mitigate such risks, and report material risks to all stakeholders. Profitability by product basis and by company basis is monitored regularly to identify potential risks. Once identified, the risks are reported to Nissan’s finance leadership team. The executive-level position within the organization accountable for compliance with the tax strategy is the Global Head of Tax, reporting to the CFO. Compliance with the tax governance and control framework is evaluated regularly by the following departments, at local, regional, and global level: Tax, Compliance, and Internal Audit. Global policies on tax governance and control are published on Nissan’s internal website and available to all employees globally. The Compliance Department checks with the Tax Department regularly to assess how the policies are enforced and whether they reflect the latest business operations in Nissan. The Compliance Department also conducts tax compliance risk assessments to ensure that compliance risks are understood, evaluated and mitigated. The compliance risk assessment results are presented to the Global Compliance Committee, chaired by the CEO, for information, discussion and direction. Nissan has a hotline which is called SpeakUp where employees can anonymously report unethical or illegal activities they have witnessed or that they suspect may exist. It is a means to bring potential tax-related violations to the attention of management. Stakeholder engagement and management of concerns related to tax Nissan seeks to build and maintain long-term, open, and constructive relationships with national tax authorities by proactively engaging with them, as well as other governmental and industry bodies, directly and indirectly. First, Nissan strives to develop cooperative relationships with tax authorities through regular meetings and partnership programs. Nissan has ongoing communication with tax authorities including, where applicable, use of advance rulings and Advanced Pricing Agreements (APAs). Nissan regularly engages with policy makers to support the development of tax rules and regulations based on sound tax policy principles that reflect the business reality of its operations. Nissan also provides technical input to industry groups and international economic organizations, such as the Tax Executives Institute (TEI) and the Business and Industry Advisory Committee to the OECD. As a Japanese automaker, Nissan is a member of Keidanren, one of Japan’s major private-sector business associations and part of the Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association (JAMA). Finally, Nissan’s Investors Relations Department engages with the Global Tax Department each time there is a question from stakeholders related to tax topics. The Tax Department will ensure that such questions are answered in a satisfactory way. Corporate income tax by main market Nissan discloses the corporate tax paid globally, with domestic and international breakdown by main markets. FY2023 (billions of yen) Japan The United States China Mexico Other Total Income Tax paid 8.3 105.2 50.3 30.2 32.1 226.1 Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Governance Data Social Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission 139

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Data | 139
[TABLE] Governance
[TABLE] Regarding a recommendation from the Japan Fair Trade Commission Approach to governance Corporate governance Risk management Privacy and data security Compliance
[TABLE] Japan | The
United
States | China | Mexico | Other | Total
[TABLE] Income Tax
paid | 8.3 | 105.2 | 50.3 | 30.2 | 32.1 | 226.1

[PAGE 141]
Data Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Data Governance Social Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data 140 ESG data Corporate overview ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 141 Environmental data ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 143 Social data ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 159 Governance data ・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 163

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Governance | 140
[TABLE] Data
[TABLE] Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data

[PAGE 142]
Corporate profile Date of establishment December 26, 1933 Location of organization’s headquarters 1-1, Takashima 1-chome, Nishi-ku, Yokohama, Kanagawa 220-8686, Japan Group structure and business outline The Nissan Group consists of Nissan Motor Co., Ltd., subsidiaries, affiliates and other associated companies. Its main business includes sales and production of vehicles and related parts. The Nissan Group also provides various services accompanying its main business, such as logistics and sales finance. Brands Nissan, INFINITI Consolidated number of employees (as of March 31, 2024) 133,580 Global network (as of March 31, 2024) R&D: 15 markets (Japan, U.S., Mexico, U.K., Spain, Belgium, Germany, China, Taiwan, Thailand, Vietnam, India, South Africa, Brazil, Argentina; total of 44 sites) Design: 5 markets (Japan, U.S., U.K., China, Brazil; total of 7 sites) Automobile Production: 29 sites in 13 markets (excludes plants providing OEM vehicles to Nissan [Renault, Mitsubishi Motors, Isuzu, Suzuki, etc.].) *1 Click here for more information on financial data. https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/IR/ Financial data *1 (¥ billion) FY2021 FY2022 FY2023 Net sales 8,424.6 10,596.7 12,685.7 Operating income (loss) 247.3 377.1 568.7 Ordinary income 306.1 515.4 702.2 Profit (loss) before tax 384.2 402.4 599.2 Net income (loss) attributable to owners of the parent 215.5 221.9 426.6 Capital expenditure 345.0 350.8 486.1 Depreciation 289.4 316.8 351.4 Research and development costs 484.1 522.2 609.9 Corporate overview Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Data Governance Social Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data 141

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Governance | 141
[TABLE] Data
[TABLE] Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data
[TABLE] Date of establishment | December 26, 1933
[TABLE] Location of organizationʼs
headquarters | 1-1, Takashima 1-chome, Nishi-ku, Yokohama, Kanagawa 220-8686, Japan
[TABLE] Group structure and
business outline | The Nissan Group consists of Nissan Motor Co., Ltd., subsidiaries, affiliates
and other associated companies. Its main business includes sales and
production of vehicles and related parts. The Nissan Group also provides
various services accompanying its main business, such as logistics and sales
finance.
[TABLE] Brands | Nissan, INFINITI
[TABLE] Consolidated number of
employees
(as of March 31, 2024) | 133,580
[TABLE] Global network
(as of March 31, 2024) | R&D: 15 markets
(Japan, U.S., Mexico, U.K., Spain, Belgium, Germany, China, Taiwan, Thailand,
Vietnam, India, South Africa, Brazil, Argentina; total of 44 sites)
Design: 5 markets
(Japan, U.S., U.K., China, Brazil; total of 7 sites)
Automobile Production: 29 sites in 13 markets (excludes plants providing
OEM vehicles to Nissan [Renault, Mitsubishi Motors, Isuzu, Suzuki, etc.].)
[TABLE] FY2021 | FY2022 | FY2023
[TABLE] Net sales | 8,424.6 | 10,596.7 | 12,685.7
[TABLE] Operating income (loss) | 247.3 | 377.1 | 568.7
[TABLE] Ordinary income | 306.1 | 515.4 | 702.2
[TABLE] Profit (loss) before tax | 384.2 | 402.4 | 599.2
[TABLE] Net income (loss)
attributable to owners of
the parent | 215.5 | 221.9 | 426.6
[TABLE] Capital expenditure | 345.0 | 350.8 | 486.1
[TABLE] Depreciation | 289.4 | 316.8 | 351.4
[TABLE] Research and
development costs | 484.1 | 522.2 | 609.9

[PAGE 143]
Global sales volume and production volume (Thousand units) FY2021 FY2022 FY2023 Global sales volume 3,876 3,305 3,442 Japan 428 454 484 China 1,381 1,045 794 North America 1,183 1,023 1,262 Europe 340 308 361 Others 544 475 541 (Thousand units) FY2021 FY2022 FY2023 Global production volume 3,404 3,381 3,430 Japan 446 597 725 North America 930 992 1,235 Europe 276 288 325 Others 1,751 1,504 1,146 China 23.1% North America 36.7% Europe 10.5% Others 15.7% Japan 14.0% thousand units Japan 21.1% North America 36.0% Europe 9.5% Others 33.4% thousand units FY2023 Global sales volume 3,442 FY2023 Global production volume 3,430 Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Data Governance Social Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data 142

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Governance | 142
[TABLE] Data
[TABLE] Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data
[TABLE] FY2021 | FY2022 | FY2023
[TABLE] Global sales volume | 3,876 | 3,305 | 3,442
[TABLE] Japan | 428 | 454 | 484
[TABLE] China | 1,381 | 1,045 | 794
[TABLE] North America | 1,183 | 1,023 | 1,262
[TABLE] Europe | 340 | 308 | 361
[TABLE] Others | 544 | 475 | 541
[TABLE] FY2021 | FY2022 | FY2023
[TABLE] Global production volume | 3,404 | 3,381 | 3,430
[TABLE] Japan | 446 | 597 | 725
[TABLE] North America | 930 | 992 | 1,235
[TABLE] Europe | 276 | 288 | 325
[TABLE] Others | 1,751 | 1,504 | 1,146

[PAGE 144]
Environmental data Climate change (Products) ....................................... 143 Climate change (Corporate Activities) ........................ 147 Resource dependency: Achievements in reuse ......... 152 Resource dependency (Facility Waste) ..................... 153 Water resource management .................................... 154 Air quality .................................................................. 156 Strengthening our foundations to address environmental issues ................................................ 157 Material balance ...................................................... 158 Environmental conservation cost .............................. 158 *1 CO2 emissions are calculated on a Well to Wheel basis, and the reduction rate is calculated according to Nissan’s internal standards. Climate change (Products) CO2 emissions from new vehicles Global: -12%; Four regions (Japan, the U.S.A., Europe, China): -15% CO2 emissions were reduced by promoting electrification, especially in the four regions.*1 (%) (FY) 100 80 60 40 20 0 2026 2025 2024 2018 (Base year) 2023 -12% -32.5% @2030 Global (%) 100 80 60 40 20 0 2026 2025 2024 2018 (Base year) 2023 -15% -50% @2030 (FY) Four regions (Japan, the U.S.A., Europe, China) Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Environmental Data Governance Social Contents Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data 143

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Governance | 143
[TABLE] Data
[TABLE] Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data

[PAGE 145]
Corporate average fuel economy (CAFE) in Japan In fiscal 2023, the corporate average fuel economy*1 in Japan was 21.9km/L. Strong e-POWER sales led to an increase in sales volume and the sales mix of EVs, however, fuel economy declined due to a decrease in the ratio of “kei” cars. Corporate average fuel economy (CAFE) in the United States In fiscal 2023, the corporate average fuel economy (CAFE) of Nissan’s passenger cars in the U.S.A. was 45.9 mpg and 34.3 mpg in the light-duty truck segment. CAFE improved in both segments due to an increase in the sales mix of compact models. *1 Provisional values calculated in-house; some models include WLTC mode fuel consumption values. *2 Passenger Car *3 Light Duty Truck *4 MY: Model Year *5 Official figures for 2023 have not been published yet, so it is shown by provisional values. CO2 emission index from Nissan vehicles in Europe In 2022, e-POWER models were launched and CO2 emission was 117g-CO2/km. In 2023, the sales mix of compact models decreased, but CO2 emissions are expected to keep even with the previous year due to an increase in the sales mix of e-POWER vehicles and hybrid vehicles. We note that the increase in average vehicle CO2 emissions after 2021 reflects a change in assessment modes from NEDC to WLTP. *5 Corporate average fuel consumption in China In 2023, the average fuel consumption of domestic production models in China was 6.1L/100km. Although the sales mix of EVs increased, fuel consumption increased due to higher sales mix of conventional models. (km/L) (FY) 25 20 15 10 5 0 2018 2020 2021 2023 2022 21.2 23.1 23.6 23.0 21.9 (mpg) (MY) *4 50 40 30 20 10 0 2018 2020 2021 2023 2022 40.7 41.7 39.9 29.7 30.7 43.3 28.9 45.9 34.3 28.8 PC*2 LDT*3 96 115 119 117 (119) 160 140 120 100 80 60 40 20 0 (g-CO2/km) 2023 2022 2018 2020 2021 (CY) (L/100km) 10 8 6 4 2 0 5.5 6.1 6.3 5.6 6.1 (CY) 2023 2022 2018 2020 2021 Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Environmental Data Governance Social Contents Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data 144

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Governance | 144
[TABLE] Data
[TABLE] Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data

[PAGE 146]
Revenue, global sales volume and production volume data (¥ billion) FY2022 FY2023 Revenue*1 11,811 13,580 (thousand units) FY2022 FY2023 Global Sales Volume*2 3,305 3,442 Japan 454 484 North America 1,023 1,262 Europe 308 361 Asia 1,201 961 Other 318 374 (thousand units) FY2022 FY2023 Global Production Volume*2 3,381 3,430 Japan 597 725 North America*3 992 1,235 Europe*4 288 325 Asia*5 1,378 1,020 Other*6 125 126 *1 Management pro-forma basis (includes Chinese joint ventures in proportionate consolidation). *2 Global sales volume and global production volume for China and Taiwan consider values from January to December. *3 Production in the U.S.A. and Mexico. *4 Production in the U.K. and France. *5 Production in Taiwan, Thailand, China and India. *6 Production in South Africa, Brazil, Egypt and Argentina. *7 Other than e-POWER models. In Japan and Europe, where customers’ interest in electrified vehicles is relatively high, e-POWER models and hybrid vehicles*7 now account for over 70% of total shipments. Nissan sees this as indicative of a situation where more sustainable product lines are becoming the core of its business in pursuit of environmental values. Powertrain type ratios (Shipment-based) Unit Gasoline- powered vehicles Diesel- powered vehicles e-POWER vehicles Electric vehicles Hybrid vehicles Japan % 27.5 0.2 44.5 9.5 18.4 North America % 97.0 0.2 0.9 1.9 0.0 Europe % 23.0 3.6 25.8 10.4 37.2 Asia % 84.7 4.8 4.3 2.2 4.0 Other % 77.2 13.9 3.5 0.2 5.2 Global % 74.1 3.3 10.8 3.8 8.1 Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Environmental Data Governance Social Contents Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data 145

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Governance | 145
[TABLE] Data
[TABLE] Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data
[TABLE] FY2022 | FY2023
[TABLE] Revenue*1 | 11,811 | 13,580
[TABLE] FY2022 | FY2023
[TABLE] Global Sales Volume*2 | 3,305 | 3,442
[TABLE] Japan | 454 | 484
[TABLE] North America | 1,023 | 1,262
[TABLE] Europe | 308 | 361
[TABLE] Asia | 1,201 | 961
[TABLE] Other | 318 | 374
[TABLE] Unit | Gasoline- powered
vehicles | Diesel- powered
vehicles | e-POWER
vehicles | Electric vehicles | Hybrid vehicles
[TABLE] Japan | ％ | 27.5 | 0.2 | 44.5 | 9.5 | 18.4
[TABLE] North America | ％ | 97.0 | 0.2 | 0.9 | 1.9 | 0.0
[TABLE] Europe | ％ | 23.0 | 3.6 | 25.8 | 10.4 | 37.2
[TABLE] Asia | ％ | 84.7 | 4.8 | 4.3 | 2.2 | 4.0
[TABLE] Other | ％ | 77.2 | 13.9 | 3.5 | 0.2 | 5.2
[TABLE] Global | ％ | 74.1 | 3.3 | 10.8 | 3.8 | 8.1
[TABLE] FY2022 | FY2023
[TABLE] Global Production Volume*2 | 3,381 | 3,430
[TABLE] Japan | 597 | 725
[TABLE] North America*3 | 992 | 1,235
[TABLE] Europe*4 | 288 | 325
[TABLE] Asia*5 | 1,378 | 1,020
[TABLE] Other*6 | 125 | 126

[PAGE 147]
Sales volume of electrified vehicles (EV, e-POWER, PHEV) The Arc business plan will promote electrification by strengthening the lineup of EV, e-POWER, and plug-in hybrid models. In fiscal 2023, strong sales of the new Qashqai, the new X-Trail, and the new Serena contributed to an increase in e-POWER sales, which in turn led to higher electrified vehicle sales. Sales volume of EV, e-POWER, PHEV *1 507 373 219 279 204 EV e-POWER、 PHEV (FY) 2023 2022 2019 600 500 400 300 200 100 0 2021 2020 (thousand units) *1 PHEVs were sold in China in fiscal 2023. Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Environmental Data Governance Social Contents Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data 146

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Governance | 146
[TABLE] Data
[TABLE] Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data

[PAGE 148]
Climate change (Corporate activities) Energy input*1 (FY) Unit 2018 2020 2021 2022 2023 Total MWh 7,755,180 5,957,460 6,516,552 6,442,705 5,995,301★ By region Japan MWh 3,845,585 3,034,932 3,432,988 3,403,180 2,987,580 North America MWh 2,397,746 1,860,837 1,935,449 1,971,446 2,074,570 Europe MWh 862,042 550,791 557,173 545,092 511,387 Other MWh 649,807 510,899 590,941 522,987 421,763 By energy source Primary Natural gas MWh 2,882,123 2,241,552 2,374,726 2,396,027 1,965,267 LPG MWh 199,882 145,523 147,084 129,607 109,199 Coke MWh 179,226 100,149 112,162 111,013 105,823 Heating oil MWh 127,258 71,565 71,632 57,919 53,602 Gasoline MWh 153,630 84,153 90,081 94,372 55,898 Diesel MWh 57,068 54,967 49,218 48,110 9,800 Heavy oil MWh 19,101 21,329 11,967 10,954 28,837 (FY) Unit 2018 2020 2021 2022 2023 External Electricity (purchased) MWh 4,008,519 3,114,321 3,558,048 3,484,661 3,510,661 Renewable energy*2 MWh 150,623 160,694 220,768 239,875 215,351 Chilled water MWh 5,473 3,529 3,597 3,929 4,643 Steam MWh 63,577 119,527 74,565 94,423 140,282 Internal Electricity (in-house generation) MWh 59,323 844 23,473 11,689 11,288 Renewable energy*3 MWh 59,323 844 23,473 11,689 11,288 Total renewable energy MWh 209,946 161,538 244,242 251,563 226,639 *1 The boundary has been changed to align with the financial consolidation group. The figures for fiscal 2018, 2020, 2021, and 2022 have been retroactively revised to reflect this change. (Previous boundary: Nissan Motor Co., Ltd., consolidated subsidiaries and some of its affiliates accounted for by the equity method. Revised boundary: Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. and consolidated subsidiaries) *2 Volume of renewable energy in electricity purchased by Nissan. *3 Volume of renewable energy generated by Nissan at its facilities and consumed for its own purposes. Trend in energy consumption The total energy consumption of our global corporate activities during fiscal 2023 was 5,995 thousand MWh ★, a 7% decrease from 6,443 thousand MWh in fiscal 2022. 7,755 2018 2020 (FY) (thousand MWh) 2023 2021 6,517 5,995★ 2022 6,443 5,957 10,000 8,000 6,000 4,000 2,000 0 Energy per vehicle produced In fiscal 2023, energy per vehicle produced was 1.75 MWh reduced by 8% compared to fiscal 2022. Data for the Japan region includes the manufacture of powertrains and other components for overseas assembly. Since the denominator is vehicles produced in the region, this tends to result in higher values for Japan. (FY) 3.0 2.5 2.0 1.5 1.0 0.5 0.0 (MWh/vehicle) 1.45 2018 1.64 2020 1.91 2021 1.91 2022 2023 1.75 2023 (FY) By region Unit 2023 Japan MWh/vehicle 4.12 North America MWh/vehicle 1.68 Europe MWh/vehicle 1.57 Other MWh/vehicle 0.37 ★ This figure is subject to assurance by KPMG AZSA Sustainability Co., Ltd. For details, please see here. >>> P061 Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Environmental Data Governance Social Contents Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data 147

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Governance | 147
[TABLE] Data
[TABLE] Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data
[TABLE] Unit | 2018 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
[TABLE] Total | MWh | 7,755,180 | 5,957,460 | 6,516,552 | 6,442,705 | 5,995,301★
[TABLE] By region
[TABLE] Japan | MWh | 3,845,585 | 3,034,932 | 3,432,988 | 3,403,180 | 2,987,580
[TABLE] North America | MWh | 2,397,746 | 1,860,837 | 1,935,449 | 1,971,446 | 2,074,570
[TABLE] Europe | MWh | 862,042 | 550,791 | 557,173 | 545,092 | 511,387
[TABLE] Other | MWh | 649,807 | 510,899 | 590,941 | 522,987 | 421,763
[TABLE] By energy source
[TABLE] Primary
[TABLE] Natural gas | MWh | 2,882,123 | 2,241,552 | 2,374,726 | 2,396,027 | 1,965,267
[TABLE] LPG | MWh | 199,882 | 145,523 | 147,084 | 129,607 | 109,199
[TABLE] Coke | MWh | 179,226 | 100,149 | 112,162 | 111,013 | 105,823
[TABLE] Heating oil | MWh | 127,258 | 71,565 | 71,632 | 57,919 | 53,602
[TABLE] Gasoline | MWh | 153,630 | 84,153 | 90,081 | 94,372 | 55,898
[TABLE] Diesel | MWh | 57,068 | 54,967 | 49,218 | 48,110 | 9,800
[TABLE] Heavy oil | MWh | 19,101 | 21,329 | 11,967 | 10,954 | 28,837
[TABLE] Unit | 2018 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
[TABLE] External
[TABLE] Electricity
(purchased) | MWh | 4,008,519 | 3,114,321 | 3,558,048 | 3,484,661 | 3,510,661
[TABLE] Renewable
energy*2 | MWh | 150,623 | 160,694 | 220,768 | 239,875 | 215,351
[TABLE] Chilled water | MWh | 5,473 | 3,529 | 3,597 | 3,929 | 4,643
[TABLE] Steam | MWh | 63,577 | 119,527 | 74,565 | 94,423 | 140,282
[TABLE] Internal
[TABLE] Electricity
(in-house generation) | MWh | 59,323 | 844 | 23,473 | 11,689 | 11,288
[TABLE] Renewable
energy*3 | MWh | 59,323 | 844 | 23,473 | 11,689 | 11,288
[TABLE] Total renewable
energy | MWh | 209,946 | 161,538 | 244,242 | 251,563 | 226,639
[TABLE] By region | Unit | 2023
[TABLE] Japan | MWh/vehicle | 4.12
[TABLE] North America | MWh/vehicle | 1.68
[TABLE] Europe | MWh/vehicle | 1.57
[TABLE] Other | MWh/vehicle | 0.37

[PAGE 149]
Energy per revenue In fiscal 2023, global Nissan facilities saw energy per revenue result of 0.47 MWh, decreased by 22% from 2022. We are taking ongoing steps toward decoupling financial capital generation from energy use. (MWh/million ¥) 1.0 0.8 0.6 0.4 0.2 0.0 0.67 2018 (FY) 0.76 2020 0.77 2021 0.47 2023 0.61 2022 *1 The boundary has been changed to align with the financial consolidation group. The figures for fiscal 2018, 2020, 2021, and 2022 have been retroactively revised to reflect this change. (Previous boundary: Nissan Motor Co., Ltd., consolidated subsidiaries and some of its affiliates accounted for by the equity method. Revised boundary: Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. and consolidated subsidiaries) *2 Due to some differences in the categorization from previous fiscal years, changes have been made starting from the fiscal 2023 by reclassifying a portion of Scope1 to Scope2. The impact of this change for the fiscal 2023 resulted in a decrease of 78 thousand tons of CO2 emissions in Scope1 and an increase of 78 thousand tons of CO2 in Scope2. *3 GHG emissions from Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. manufacturing sites calculated based on the Act on Promotion of Global Warming Countermeasures. Carbon footprint of corporate activities*1 In fiscal 2023, the total of Scope 1 and 2 emissions of our global corporate activities was 1,727 thousand tons ★ (Scope 1 emissions: 462 thousand tons ★; Scope 2 emissions: 1,266 thousand tons ★), a 3% decrease from 1,772 thousand tons in fiscal 2022. (FY) Unit 2018 2020 2021 2022 2023*2 Scope 1 kt-CO2 725 550 588 585 462★ Scope 2 kt-CO2 1,688 1,195 1,238 1,187 1,266★ Scope 1+2 kt-CO2 2,413 1,745 1,825 1,772 1,727★ Japan kt-CO2 1,277 917 1,001 994 980 North America kt-CO2 687 493 483 502 501 Europe kt-CO2 131 88 89 81 86 Other kt-CO2 318 246 253 195 161 Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions other than energy-derived CO2*3 (FY) By type Unit 2018 2020 2021 2022 2023 CH4 (methane) t-CO2e 4,846 4,620 5,088 5,054 5,705 N2O (nitrous oxide) t-CO2e 1,425 1,238 1,244 1,071 1,801 HFCs (hydrofluorocarbons) t-CO2e 3,594 1,873 1,320 1,878 148 PFCs (perfluorocarbons) t-CO2e 0 0 0 0 0 SF6 (sulfur hexafluoride) t-CO2e 43 43 43 43 128 NF3 (nitrogen trifluoride) t-CO2e 2 1 1 0 0 CO2 emissions of scope1 and 2 per vehicle produced In fiscal 2023, overall corporate emissions were 0.50 per vehicle produced. (t-CO2/vehicle) 0.8 0.6 0.4 0.2 0.0 0.45 0.48 0.54 0.50 0.52 (FY) 2018 2020 2021 2023 2022 ★ This figure is subject to assurance by KPMG AZSA Sustainability Co., Ltd. For details, please see here. >>> P061 Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Environmental Data Governance Social Contents Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data 148

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Governance | 148
[TABLE] Data
[TABLE] Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data
[TABLE] By type | Unit | 2018 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
[TABLE] CH4 (methane) | t-CO₂e | 4,846 | 4,620 | 5,088 | 5,054 | 5,705
[TABLE] N2O (nitrous oxide) | t-CO₂e | 1,425 | 1,238 | 1,244 | 1,071 | 1,801
[TABLE] HFCs (hydrofluorocarbons) | t-CO₂e | 3,594 | 1,873 | 1,320 | 1,878 | 148
[TABLE] PFCs (perfluorocarbons) | t-CO₂e | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0
[TABLE] SF6 (sulfur hexafluoride) | t-CO₂e | 43 | 43 | 43 | 43 | 128
[TABLE] NF3 (nitrogen trifluoride) | t-CO₂e | 2 | 1 | 1 | 0 | 0
[TABLE] Unit | 2018 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022 | 2023*2
[TABLE] Scope 1 | kt-CO₂ | 725 | 550 | 588 | 585 | 462★
[TABLE] Scope 2 | kt-CO₂ | 1,688 | 1,195 | 1,238 | 1,187 | 1,266★
[TABLE] Scope
1+2 | kt-CO₂ | 2,413 | 1,745 | 1,825 | 1,772 | 1,727★
[TABLE] Japan | kt-CO₂ | 1,277 | 917 | 1,001 | 994 | 980
[TABLE] North
America | kt-CO₂ | 687 | 493 | 483 | 502 | 501
[TABLE] Europe | kt-CO₂ | 131 | 88 | 89 | 81 | 86
[TABLE] Other | kt-CO₂ | 318 | 246 | 253 | 195 | 161

[PAGE 150]
Scope1 and 2 CO2 emissions per revenue In fiscal 2023, CO2 emissions from our global operations were 0.14 ton per ¥1 million of revenue. (FY) (t-CO2/million ¥) 0.3 0.2 0.1 0.0 2018 0.21 2020 0.22 2021 0.22 2022 0.17 2023 0.14 *1 CO2 emissions per vehicle produced in the NGP management scope Manufacturing CO2 per vehicle produced*1 In fiscal 2023, our manufacturing CO2 emissions per vehicle produced were 0.48 tons, 0.5% less than fiscal 2018. (t-CO2/vehicle) (FY) 0.8 0.6 0.4 0.2 0.0 0.49 2018 0.52 2020 2021 0.56 2022 0.52 2023 0.48 Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Environmental Data Governance Social Contents Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data 149

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Governance | 149
[TABLE] Data
[TABLE] Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data

[PAGE 151]
Logistics volume (FY) Unit 2018 2020 2021 2022 2023 Total*1,2 mil ton-km 34,973 21,840 23,052 25,938 32,893 Inbound*3 mil ton-km 10,278 5,580 7,572 8,720 11,166 Outbound*4 mil ton-km 24,695 16,260 15,480 17,218 21,727 Sea % 60.8 61.0 61.9 69.9 69.6 Road % 23.5 24.6 24.0 19.1 20.4 Rail % 14.8 13.9 13.7 10.7 9.8 Air % 0.9 0.5 0.4 0.3 0.2 In fiscal 2023, global shipping increased by around 27% compared to the previous fiscal year, to 32.9 billion tons-km. CO2 emissions from logistics (FY) Unit 2018 2020 2021 2022 2023 Total*1,2 t-CO2 2,471,320 1,618,503 1,610,452 1,590,741 1,981,139 Inbound*3 t-CO2 891,265 437,682 409,576 408,443 552,112 Outbound*4 t-CO2 1,580,055 1,180,822 1,200,876 1,182,298 1,429,027 Sea % 29.1 26.8 26.4 35.1 37.0 Road % 59.8 65.7 66.5 58.3 57.3 Rail % 3.8 3.8 3.9 3.4 3.1 Air % 7.2 3.7 3.2 3.1 2.6 In fiscal 2023, CO2 emissions from logistics were 1,981 k-tons, up approximately 25% from the previous fiscal year. *1 Due to the change in global emission factors based on GHG Protocol, changes have occurred in the figures since the fiscal year 2018. *2 CO2 emissions include those from transportation of parts to our manufacturing bases and transportation of vehicles from our manufacturing bases to dealerships. *3 “Inbound” includes parts procurement from suppliers and transportation of knockdown parts. *4 “Outbound” includes transportation of complete vehicles and service parts. CO2 emissions per vehicle transported In fiscal 2023, CO2 emissions per vehicle transported were 0.54 tons. 0.8 0.6 0.4 0.2 0.0 2018 0.58 0.48 2022 0.52 2020 0.51 2021 0.54 2023 (t-CO2/vehicle) (FY) Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Environmental Data Governance Social Contents Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data 150

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Governance | 150
[TABLE] Data
[TABLE] Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data
[TABLE] Unit | 2018 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
[TABLE] Total*1,2 | mil ton-km | 34,973 | 21,840 | 23,052 | 25,938 | 32,893
[TABLE] Inbound*3 | mil ton-km | 10,278 | 5,580 | 7,572 | 8,720 | 11,166
[TABLE] Outbound*4 | mil ton-km | 24,695 | 16,260 | 15,480 | 17,218 | 21,727
[TABLE] Sea | ％ | 60.8 | 61.0 | 61.9 | 69.9 | 69.6
[TABLE] Road | ％ | 23.5 | 24.6 | 24.0 | 19.1 | 20.4
[TABLE] Rail | ％ | 14.8 | 13.9 | 13.7 | 10.7 | 9.8
[TABLE] Air | ％ | 0.9 | 0.5 | 0.4 | 0.3 | 0.2
[TABLE] Unit | 2018 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
[TABLE] Total*1,2 | t-CO₂ | 2,471,320 | 1,618,503 | 1,610,452 | 1,590,741 | 1,981,139
[TABLE] Inbound*3 | t-CO₂ | 891,265 | 437,682 | 409,576 | 408,443 | 552,112
[TABLE] Outbound*4 | t-CO₂ | 1,580,055 | 1,180,822 | 1,200,876 | 1,182,298 | 1,429,027
[TABLE] Sea | ％ | 29.1 | 26.8 | 26.4 | 35.1 | 37.0
[TABLE] Road | ％ | 59.8 | 65.7 | 66.5 | 58.3 | 57.3
[TABLE] Rail | ％ | 3.8 | 3.8 | 3.9 | 3.4 | 3.1
[TABLE] Air | ％ | 7.2 | 3.7 | 3.2 | 3.1 | 2.6

[PAGE 152]
Scope 3 emissions by category We conducted a study based on standards such as the Corporate Value Chain (Scope3) Accounting and Reporting Standard from the GHG Protocol and found that about 85% of our Scope3 emissions were from the use of sold products. (FY) Category Unit 2023 1.Purchased goods & services kt-CO2 12,012★ 2.Capital goods kt-CO2 1,277 3.Fuel- and energy-related activities kt-CO2 249 4.Upstream transportation & distribution kt-CO2 1,851 5.Waste generated in operations kt-CO2 147 6.Business travel kt-CO2 278 7.Employee commuting kt-CO2 192 8.Upstream leased assets kt-CO2 0 9.Downstream transportation & distribution kt-CO2 605 10.Processing of sold products kt-CO2 7 11.Use of sold products*1 kt-CO2 99,185★ 12.End-of-life treatment of sold products kt-CO2 257 13.Downstream leased assets kt-CO2 499 14.Franchises kt-CO2 0 15.Investments *2 kt-CO2 141 Total kt-CO2 116,699 *1 Category 11 has changed the lifetime mileage conditions in China from the fiscal 2023 result. *2 Due to the revision of definitions linked to financial statements, certain equity-method affiliates, which were previously included in Scope 1 and 2, were added to Category 15. ★ This figure is subject to assurance by KPMG AZSA Sustainability Co., Ltd. For details, please see here. >>> P061 Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Environmental Data Governance Social Contents Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data 151

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Governance | 151
[TABLE] Data
[TABLE] Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data
[TABLE] （FY）
[TABLE] Category | Unit | 2023
[TABLE] 1.Purchased goods & services | kt-CO₂ | 12,012★
[TABLE] 2.Capital goods | kt-CO₂ | 1,277
[TABLE] 3.Fuel- and energy-related activities | kt-CO₂ | 249
[TABLE] 4.Upstream transportation &
distribution | kt-CO₂ | 1,851
[TABLE] 5.Waste generated in operations | kt-CO₂ | 147
[TABLE] 6.Business travel | kt-CO₂ | 278
[TABLE] 7.Employee commuting | kt-CO₂ | 192
[TABLE] 8.Upstream leased assets | kt-CO₂ | 0
[TABLE] 9.Downstream transportation &
distribution | kt-CO₂ | 605
[TABLE] 10.Processing of sold products | kt-CO₂ | 7
[TABLE] 11.Use of sold products*1 | kt-CO₂ | 99,185★
[TABLE] 12.End-of-life treatment of sold
products | kt-CO₂ | 257
[TABLE] 13.Downstream leased assets | kt-CO₂ | 499
[TABLE] 14.Franchises | kt-CO₂ | 0
[TABLE] 15.Investments *2 | kt-CO₂ | 141
[TABLE] Total | kt-CO₂ | 116,699

[PAGE 153]
Resource dependency: Achievements in reuse Proper use of regulated chemical substances Nissan revised its standard for the assessment of hazards and risks, actively applying restrictions to substances not yet covered by regulations but increasingly subject to consideration around the world. As a result, the number of defined chemical substances covered in fiscal 2023 rose to 7,598. These steps are thought to be necessary for future efforts in the repair, reuse, remanufacture, and recycle loop for resources.*1 2019 5,290 2020 5,304 7,593 7,598 2021 2022 2023 The number of defined chemical substances (FY) 10,000 8,000 6,000 4,000 2,000 0 4,069 *1 Click here for more information on chemical substances governance. >>> P023 Recycled plastic usage in vehicle We are making efforts to expand the use of recycled plastic in our vehicles, as well as developing technologies for this. Recycled plastic use in fiscal 2023 was 5%, based on the rate achieved by our best-selling model in Europe. Automotive shredder residue to landfill ratio After removing ferrous and nonferrous metals from ELVs, in accordance with the End-of-Life Vehicle Recycling Law in Japan, the ratio of ASR taken to landfills for final disposal was zero once again in fiscal 2023. Material ratio In 2023, ferrous metals accounted for 61% of the materials used in our automobiles by weight. Nonferrous metals made up another 15% and resins 13%, with miscellaneous materials making up the final 11%. To further reduce our use of natural resources, we are advancing initiatives to expand the use of recycled materials in each of these categories. Recovered bumpers The number of bumpers collected in fiscal 2023 was 89,000, a 2.3% increase from fiscal 2022. Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Environmental Data Governance Social Contents Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data 152

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Governance | 152
[TABLE] Data
[TABLE] Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data

[PAGE 154]
Resource dependency (Facility waste) Waste Global regular waste generated from corporate activities in fiscal 2023 amounted to 170,491 tons, waste generated globally from production sites in fiscal 2023 was 171,598 tons★ (regular waste*1: 164,947 tons、non-regular waste*2: 6,651 tons ). Regular waste generated from corporate activities (FY) Unit 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Total*3 ton 199,470 153,160 158,199 157,982 170,491 By region Japan ton 63,294 48,921 52,386 51,069 57,638 North America ton 58,970 48,043 51,062 52,007 53,802 Europe ton 50,205 31,868 33,895 36,577 43,037 Other ton 27,001 24,328 20,857 18,329 16,015 By treatment method Waste for disposal ton 6,365 6,539 7,208 8,688 7,746 Recycled ton 193,105 146,621 150,991 149,293 162,746 *1 Regular waste generated from production, maintenance, and issue resolution activities. *2 Waste generated irregularly from activities such as installing new processes, relocating equipment, and dismantling facilities. *3 The total disclosed amount since 2019 is the total amount of regular waste generated from production sites and office sites, excluding *2. *4 Plastic Resource Circulation Act : Law for plastic waste Waste per vehicle produced In fiscal 2023, waste per vehicle produced was 49.71 kg. 60 50 40 30 20 10 0 (kg/vehicle) 2020 (FY) 2019 42.15 2021 46.47 2023 49.71 2022 46.73 41.93 (FY) By region Unit 2022 2023 Japan kg/vehicle 85.54 79.50 North America kg/vehicle 52.43 43.56 Europe kg/vehicle 127.00 132.42 Other kg/vehicle 12.19 13.97 Waste for disposal per vehicle produced In fiscal 2023, the volume of waste for disposal was increased to 2.26 kg per vehicle produced. (FY) (kg/vehicle) 3 2 1 0 2020 2019 1.80 2021 2.12 2022 2.57 2023 2.26 1.34 Responding to the Plastic Resource Circulation Act The amount of industrial waste generated from plastic products in fiscal 2023 was 4,943 tons.*4 Plastic-related targets FY2023 Achievements Continue actions to reduce waste emissions of plastic packaging, etc. Continued to reuse returnable containers Maintain a 100% recycling rate for industrial waste from products using plastic Maintained a 100% recycling rate ★ This figure is subject to assurance by KPMG AZSA Sustainability Co., Ltd. For details, please see here. >>> P061 Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Environmental Data Governance Social Contents Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data 153

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Governance | 153
[TABLE] Data
[TABLE] Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data
[TABLE] Unit | 2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
[TABLE] Total*3 | ton | 199,470 | 153,160 | 158,199 | 157,982 | 170,491
[TABLE] By region
[TABLE] Japan | ton | 63,294 | 48,921 | 52,386 | 51,069 | 57,638
[TABLE] North
America | ton | 58,970 | 48,043 | 51,062 | 52,007 | 53,802
[TABLE] Europe | ton | 50,205 | 31,868 | 33,895 | 36,577 | 43,037
[TABLE] Other | ton | 27,001 | 24,328 | 20,857 | 18,329 | 16,015
[TABLE] By region | Unit | 2022 | 2023
[TABLE] Japan | kg/vehicle | 85.54 | 79.50
[TABLE] North
America | kg/vehicle | 52.43 | 43.56
[TABLE] Europe | kg/vehicle | 127.00 | 132.42
[TABLE] Other | kg/vehicle | 12.19 | 13.97
[TABLE] By treatment method
[TABLE] Waste for
disposal | ton | 6,365 | 6,539 | 7,208 | 8,688 | 7,746
[TABLE] Recycled | ton | 193,105 | 146,621 | 150,991 | 149,293 | 162,746
[TABLE] Plastic-related targets | FY2023 Achievements
[TABLE] Continue actions to reduce waste
emissions of plastic packaging,
etc. | Continued to reuse returnable
containers
[TABLE] Maintain a 100% recycling rate
for industrial waste from products
using plastic | Maintained a 100% recycling rate

[PAGE 155]
Water resource management Water intake for corporate activities In fiscal 2023, water intake for our global corporate activities was 20,034 thousand m3, same level as 20,208 thousand m3 in fiscal 2022. In fiscal 2023, water intake from global production sites was 18,939 thousand m3 ★, the same level as 19,065 thousand m3 in fiscal 2022. (FY) Unit 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Total thousand m3 23,656 21,159 20,090 20,208 20,034 Japan thousand m3 11,918 10,797 10,317 10,472 10,564 North America thousand m3 4,768 3,888 4,047 4,235 4,382 Europe thousand m3 1,792 1,373 1,404 1,270 1,288 Other thousand m3 5,178 5,101 4,322 4,231 3,799 Water withdrawal by source (FY) Unit 2023 Total thousand m3 20,034 Surface water thousand m3 1,044 Groundwater thousand m3 6,399 Third-party water thousand m3 12,592 *1 Due to an error in the calculation of last fiscal year’s figures, the figures for fiscal 2022 were revised. Water input for corporate activities (per vehicle produced) In fiscal 2023, water input for corporate activities (per vehicle produced) was 5.84 m3/vehicle same level as 5.98 m3/vehicle in fiscal 2022. (FY) (m3/vehicle) 8 6 4 2 0 2021 5.90 2022 5.98 2023 5.84 2020 5.82 2019 4.97 (FY) Region Unit 2022 2023 Japan m3/vehicle 17.54 14.57 North America m3/vehicle 4.27 3.55 Europe m3/vehicle 4.41 3.96 Other m3/vehicle 2.81 3.32 Water discharge from corporate activities The total amount of water discharged in global corporate activities in fiscal 2023 was 13,929 thousand m3, same level as 13,319 thousand m3*1 in fiscal 2022. (FY) Unit 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Total thousand m3 15,391 13,624 13,620 13,319*1 13,929 Japan thousand m3 9,496 8,474 8,771 8,902 9,376 North America thousand m3 2,746 2,351 2,565 2,610 2,753 Europe thousand m3 1,389 1,094 707 596 613 Other thousand m3 1,760 1,705 1,577 1,210*1 1,186 Quality Chemical oxygen demand (COD) Japan only kg 22,269 18,017 19,941 24,884 24,811 Water discharge by destination (FY) Unit 2023 Total thousand m3 13,929 Surface water thousand m3 9,134 Underground seepage thousand m3 0 Third-party water thousand m3 4,795 ★ This figure is subject to assurance by KPMG AZSA Sustainability Co., Ltd. For details, please see here. >>> P061 Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Environmental Data Governance Social Contents Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data 154

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Governance | 154
[TABLE] Data
[TABLE] Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data
[TABLE] Unit | 2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
[TABLE] Total | thousand m³ | 15,391 | 13,624 | 13,620 | 13,319*1 | 13,929
[TABLE] Japan | thousand m³ | 9,496 | 8,474 | 8,771 | 8,902 | 9,376
[TABLE] North America | thousand m³ | 2,746 | 2,351 | 2,565 | 2,610 | 2,753
[TABLE] Europe | thousand m³ | 1,389 | 1,094 | 707 | 596 | 613
[TABLE] Other | thousand m³ | 1,760 | 1,705 | 1,577 | 1,210*1 | 1,186
[TABLE] Unit | 2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
[TABLE] Total | thousand m³ | 23,656 | 21,159 | 20,090 | 20,208 | 20,034
[TABLE] Japan | thousand m³ | 11,918 | 10,797 | 10,317 | 10,472 | 10,564
[TABLE] North America | thousand m³ | 4,768 | 3,888 | 4,047 | 4,235 | 4,382
[TABLE] Europe | thousand m³ | 1,792 | 1,373 | 1,404 | 1,270 | 1,288
[TABLE] Other | thousand m³ | 5,178 | 5,101 | 4,322 | 4,231 | 3,799
[TABLE] Chemical oxygen
demand (COD)
Japan only | kg | 22,269 | 18,017 | 19,941 | 24,884 | 24,811
[TABLE] Unit | 2023
[TABLE] Total | thousand m³ | 13,929
[TABLE] Surface water | thousand m³ | 9,134
[TABLE] Underground
seepage | thousand m³ | 0
[TABLE] Third-party water | thousand m³ | 4,795
[TABLE] Unit | 2023
[TABLE] Total | thousand m³ | 20,034
[TABLE] Surface water | thousand m³ | 1,044
[TABLE] Groundwater | thousand m³ | 6,399
[TABLE] Third-party water | thousand m³ | 12,592
[TABLE] Region | Unit | 2022 | 2023
[TABLE] Japan | m³/vehicle | 17.54 | 14.57
[TABLE] North America | m³/vehicle | 4.27 | 3.55
[TABLE] Europe | m³/vehicle | 4.41 | 3.96
[TABLE] Other | m³/vehicle | 2.81 | 3.32

[PAGE 156]
Water discharge from corporate activities (per vehicle produced) In fiscal 2023, water discharge per vehicle produced was 4.06 m3, same level as 3.94 m3*1 in fiscal 2022. (FY) (m3/vehicle) 6 4 2 0 2021 4.00 2022 3.94*1 2023 4.06 2020 3.75 2019 3.24 (FY) Region Unit 2022 2023 Japan m3/vehicle 14.91 12.93 North America m3/vehicle 2.63 2.23 Europe m3/vehicle 2.07 1.89 Other m3/vehicle 0.80*1 1.03 Data for the Japan region includes the manufacture of powertrains and other components for overseas assembly. Since the denominator is vehicles produced in the region, this tends to result in higher values for Japan. *1 Due to an error in the calculation of last fiscal year’s figures, the figures for fiscal 2022 were revised. *2 Based on GRI 303, total water consumption is total water withdrawn minus total water discharged as calculated by Nissan. Water consumption in corporate activities The total amount of water consumed in global corporate activities in fiscal 2023 was 6,105 thousand m3*2, a decrease from 6,889 thousand m3*1 in fiscal 2022. (FY) Unit 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Total thousand m3 8,265 7,535 6,470 6,889*1 6,105 Japan thousand m3 2,422 2,323 1,546 1,570 1,188 North America thousand m3 2,022 1,537 1,481 1,625 1,629 Europe thousand m3 403 279 697 674 675 Other thousand m3 3,418 3,396 2,745 3,021*1 2,613 Water consumption in corporate activities (per vehicle produced) In fiscal 2023, water discharge per vehicle produced was 1.78 m3 , which was a decrease from 2.04 m3*1 in fiscal 2022. (FY) (m3/vehicle) 2021 2019 2020 4 2 0 1.90 2022 2.04*1 2023 1.78 2.07 1.74 (FY) Region Unit 2022 2023 Japan m3/vehicle 2.63 1.64 North America m3/vehicle 1.64 1.32 Europe m3/vehicle 2.34 2.08 Other m3/vehicle 2.01*1 2.28 Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Environmental Data Governance Social Contents Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data 155

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Governance | 155
[TABLE] Data
[TABLE] Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data
[TABLE] Unit | 2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
[TABLE] Total | thousand m³ | 8,265 | 7,535 | 6,470 | 6,889*1 | 6,105
[TABLE] Japan | thousand m³ | 2,422 | 2,323 | 1,546 | 1,570 | 1,188
[TABLE] North America | thousand m³ | 2,022 | 1,537 | 1,481 | 1,625 | 1,629
[TABLE] Europe | thousand m³ | 403 | 279 | 697 | 674 | 675
[TABLE] Other | thousand m³ | 3,418 | 3,396 | 2,745 | 3,021*1 | 2,613
[TABLE] Region | Unit | 2022 | 2023
[TABLE] Japan | m³/vehicle | 14.91 | 12.93
[TABLE] North America | m³/vehicle | 2.63 | 2.23
[TABLE] Europe | m³/vehicle | 2.07 | 1.89
[TABLE] Other | m³/vehicle | 0.80*1 | 1.03
[TABLE] Region | Unit | 2022 | 2023
[TABLE] Japan | m³/vehicle | 2.63 | 1.64
[TABLE] North America | m³/vehicle | 1.64 | 1.32
[TABLE] Europe | m³/vehicle | 2.34 | 2.08
[TABLE] Other | m³/vehicle | 2.01*1 | 2.28

[PAGE 157]
Air quality Emissions of NOx and SOx In fiscal 2023, NOx and SOx emissions from Nissan manufacturing facilities in Japan were 495 tons and 2 tons. (FY) Unit 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 NOx ton 380 364 373 340 495 SOx ton 14 10 7 2 2 Volatile organic compounds (VOCs) In fiscal 2023, VOC*1 emissions from manufacturing plants were 12,188 tons globally, an increase from fiscal 2022 owing to a higher number of vehicles manufactured at sites in Japan*2. We actively continue to promote activities to reduce VOCs, such as switching to materials including water- based paints. (FY) Unit 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Total ton 13,211 10,451 10,653 11,104 12,188 Japan ton 4,028 3,176 3,031 3,987 4,791 North America ton 3,960 3,097 3,112 3,156 3,766 Europe ton 858 839 519 877 1,061 Other ton 4,365 3,339 3,991 3,084 2,570 *1 VOC: Organic chemicals that readily evaporate and become gaseous at normal temperature and pressure conditions. *2 The transition values for 2019 have been revised due to the expanding scope of body and bumper painting for VOCs. *3 The table shows chemical substance emissions calculated based on the Japanese government PRTR guidelines. PRTR emissions show total volume excluding substances adherent to the product. VOCs per vehicle produced In fiscal 2023, VOCs were 0.03 kg. 2019 2020 0.04 0.03 0.02 0.01 0.00 (kg/m2) 0.028 0.026 2021 0.026 2022 0.030 2023 0.030 (FY) (FY) Unit 2023 Total kg/m2 0.030 Japan kg/m2 0.052 North America kg/m2 0.023 Europe kg/m2 0.031 Other kg/m2 0.023 Released substances designated by PRTR Law (Japan) In fiscal 2022, released substances designated by the the PRTR (Pollutant Release and Transfer Register) *3 Law in Japan were 2,924 tons, an increase from 2,183 tons in fiscal 2021. (FY) By region Unit 2019 2020 2021 2022 Japan site total ton 3,339 2,173 2,183 2,924 Oppama ton 1,022 697 881 959 Tochigi ton 467 394 323 567 Kyushu ton 1,391 1,042 942 1,369 Yokohama ton 21 9 4 8 Iwaki ton 62 6 4 4 NTC ton 351 3 3 3 Zama Operation Center ton 26 22 26 14 PRTR emissions per vehicle produced (Japan) In fiscal 2022, PRTR emissions per vehicle produced in Japan were 4.90 kg, the same level as fiscal 2021. 2018 (FY) 2019 4.41 2020 4.20 2022 4.90 2021 4.90 3.78 5.0 4.0 3.0 2.0 1.0 0.0 (kg/vehicle) Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Environmental Data Governance Social Contents Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data 156

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Governance | 156
[TABLE] Data
[TABLE] Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data
[TABLE] Unit | 2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
[TABLE] NOx | ton | 380 | 364 | 373 | 340 | 495
[TABLE] SOx | ton | 14 | 10 | 7 | 2 | 2
[TABLE] By region | Unit | 2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022
[TABLE] Japan site total | ton | 3,339 | 2,173 | 2,183 | 2,924
[TABLE] Oppama | ton | 1,022 | 697 | 881 | 959
[TABLE] Tochigi | ton | 467 | 394 | 323 | 567
[TABLE] Kyushu | ton | 1,391 | 1,042 | 942 | 1,369
[TABLE] Yokohama | ton | 21 | 9 | 4 | 8
[TABLE] Iwaki | ton | 62 | 6 | 4 | 4
[TABLE] NTC | ton | 351 | 3 | 3 | 3
[TABLE] Zama Operation Center | ton | 26 | 22 | 26 | 14
[TABLE] Unit | 2023
[TABLE] Total | kg/m2 | 0.030
[TABLE] Unit | 2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
[TABLE] Total | ton | 13,211 | 10,451 | 10,653 | 11,104 | 12,188
[TABLE] Japan | kg/m2 | 0.052
[TABLE] North America | kg/m2 | 0.023
[TABLE] Europe | kg/m2 | 0.031
[TABLE] Other | kg/m2 | 0.023
[TABLE] Japan | ton | 4,028 | 3,176 | 3,031 | 3,987 | 4,791
[TABLE] North
America | ton | 3,960 | 3,097 | 3,112 | 3,156 | 3,766
[TABLE] Europe | ton | 858 | 839 | 519 | 877 | 1,061
[TABLE] Other | ton | 4,365 | 3,339 | 3,991 | 3,084 | 2,570

[PAGE 158]
Strengthening our foundations to address environmental issues LCA of gasoline models We have been expanding the application of the LCA method to global sales model. Coverage on a unit basis has reached approximately 80% of models globally and approximately 90% in Europe. In the case of the Rogue (X-Trail) and Qashqai, CO2 equivalent emissions have been reduced compared to the previous models by improving powertrain efficiency and reducing vehicle weight.*1 Life cycle CO2 equivalent emissions Previous model Current model Previous model Current model 100 80 60 40 20 0 (%) 100 80 60 40 20 0 (%) ■ Production & logistics ■ Fuel & electricity production ■ Usage ■ Maintenance ■ ELV *1 Production in the U.S., 120,000 miles driven in the U.S. (basis for comparison). *2 Production in EU, 150,000 km driven in EU (basis for comparison). Qashqai *2 Rogue (X-Trail) *1 Current model: 1.5 liters, CVT Previous model: 2.5 liters, CVT Current model: 1.3 liters, 6MT Previous model: 2.0 liters, CVT *1 Click here for further detail regarding Nissan's LCA https://www.nissan-global.com/EN/SUSTAINABILITY/ENVIRONMENT/GREENPROGRAM/FOUNDATION/LCA/ LCA of e-POWER models Nissan introduced its new e-POWER powertrain in 2016, marking another significant milestone in the electrification strategy with lifecycle emission improvements. Compared to their gasoline-powered counterpart models, the Note e-POWER and Serena e-POWER have both achieved an approximately 20% reductions in CO2 equivalent emissions. Life cycle CO2 Equivalent Emissions 100 80 60 40 20 0 (%) Base model e-POWER Base model e-POWER Serena Note ■ Production & logistics ■ Fuel & electricity production ■ Usage ■ Maintenance ■ ELV Production in Japan, 100,000 km driven in Japan (basis for comparison). 100 80 60 40 20 0 (%) e-POWER : 1.2 liters Base model : 1.2 liters e-POWER : 1.4 liters Base model : 2.0 liters LCA of EV models The Nissan LEAF reduces its lifecycle CO2 equivalent emissions by approximately 30% compared to conventional vehicles of the same class in Japan. The Nissan Ariya and Nissan Sakura launched in 2022, further improve EV product appeal and reduce environmental impacts. Compared to Japanese gasoline-powered vehicles in the same class, the Nissan Ariya and Nissan Sakura offer longer cruising ranges while also reducing lifecycle CO2 emissions by approximately 20%. Life cycle CO2 equivalent emissions ■Production & logistics ■Fuel & electricity production ■Usage ■Maintenance ■ELV Production in Japan, 100,000km driven in Japan (basis for comparison). Nissan LEAF: 40 kWh Battery Same class model: Gasoline 1.8 L 100 80 60 40 20 0 (%) Nissan LEAF Nissan ARIYA: 66 kWh Battery Same class model: Gasoline 2.0 L 100 80 60 40 20 0 (%) Nissan Ariya Nissan Sakura: 20.6kWh Battery Same class model: Gasoline 0.66L 100 80 60 40 20 0 (%) Nissan Sakura Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Environmental Data Governance Social Contents Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data 157

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Governance | 157
[TABLE] Data
[TABLE] Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data
[TABLE] e-POWER : 1.2 liters
Base model : 1.2 liters
[TABLE] e-POWER : 1.4 liters
Base model : 2.0 liters
[TABLE] （
[TABLE] 100
[TABLE] 80
[TABLE] 60
[TABLE] Nissan LEAF | 40 | Nissan Ariya
[TABLE] 20
[TABLE] Current model:
1.5 liters, CVT
[TABLE] Previous model:
2.5 liters, CVT
[TABLE] Current model:
1.3 liters, 6MT
[TABLE] Previous model:
2.0 liters, CVT
[TABLE] Nissan Sakura

[PAGE 159]
Lifecycle improvements beyond climate change Nissan is expanding the scope of lifecycle assessment (LCA) to not only greenhouse gases but also a variety of chemicals. Our calculations show that the new Qashqai achieves reductions in emission 5-20% for all targeted chemical substances, and reduces environmental impacts throughout its life cycle compared with previous model. New Qashqai lifecycle assessment (LCA) Production in EU, 150,000 km driven in EU. Previous model New Qashqai 100% 80% 60% 40% 20% 0% CO2 CH4 N2O NOx SO2 PM*2 NMVOC*1 81% 82% 81% 89% 94% 87% 95% *1 NMVOC:Non-Methane Volatile Organic Compounds *2 PM:Particulate Matter *3 Due to a change in the calculation method, the values for fiscal 2022 was revised. *4 The boundary has been changed to align with the financial consolidation group.The figures for fiscal 2022 have been retroactively revised to reflect this change. (Previous boundary: Nissan Motor Co., Ltd., consolidated subsidiaries and some of its affiliates accounted for by the equity method. Revised boundary: Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. and consolidated subsidiaries) *5 Due to an error in the calculation of last fiscal year’s figures, the figures for fiscal 2022 were revised. *6 All environmental costs are based on the guidelines provided by Japan’s Ministry of the Environment, and calculated for activities in Japan only. Material balance Input (FY) Unit 2022 2023 Raw materials ton 3,987,890*3 4,045,791 Energy MWh 6,442,705*4 5,995,301 Renewable energy MWh 251,563*4 219,462 Water withdrawal thousand m3 20,208 20,034 Output (FY) Unit 2022 2023 Vehicles produced Global production volume k unit 3,381 3,430 CO2 emissions kt-CO2 1,772*4 1,727 Water discharge thousand m3 13,319*5 13,929 Emissions NOx ton 340 495 SOx ton 2 2 VOC ton 11,104*3 12,188 Waste For recycling ton 149,293 162,746 For final disposal ton 8,688 7,746 Environmental conservation cost*6 (FY) 2022 2023 Unit Investment Cost Investment Cost Total mil ¥ 6,955 134,697 15,557 165,353 Business area mil ¥ 392 1,829 1,908 2,207 Upstream/ downstream mil ¥ 0 436 0 406 Management mil ¥ 0 12,370 0 13,324 R&D mil ¥ 6,563 119,909 13,649 149,238 Social activities mil ¥ 0 124 0 48 Damage repairs mil ¥ 0 29 0 130 Economic impact (FY) Unit 2022 2023 Total mil ¥ 10,465 13,996 Cost reduction mil ¥ 478 3,293 Profit mil ¥ 9,987 10,703 Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Environmental Data Governance Social Contents Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data 158

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Governance | 158
[TABLE] Data
[TABLE] Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data
[TABLE] 2022 | 2023
[TABLE] Unit | Investment | Cost | Investment | Cost
[TABLE] Total | mil ¥ | 6,955 | 134,697 | 15,557 | 165,353
[TABLE] Business area | mil ¥ | 392 | 1,829 | 1,908 | 2,207
[TABLE] Upstream/
downstream | mil ¥ | 0 | 436 | 0 | 406
[TABLE] Management | mil ¥ | 0 | 12,370 | 0 | 13,324
[TABLE] R&D | mil ¥ | 6,563 | 119,909 | 13,649 | 149,238
[TABLE] Social activities | mil ¥ | 0 | 124 | 0 | 48
[TABLE] Damage repairs | mil ¥ | 0 | 29 | 0 | 130
[TABLE] Unit | 2022 | 2023
[TABLE] Raw materials | ton | 3,987,890*3 | 4,045,791
[TABLE] Energy | MWh | 6,442,705*4 | 5,995,301
[TABLE] Renewable energy | MWh | 251,563*4 | 219,462
[TABLE] Water withdrawal | thousand m³ | 20,208 | 20,034
[TABLE] Unit | 2022 | 2023
[TABLE] Vehicles produced
[TABLE] Global production
volume | k unit | 3,381 | 3,430
[TABLE] CO₂ emissions | kt-CO₂ | 1,772*4 | 1,727
[TABLE] Water discharge | thousand m³ | 13,319*5 | 13,929
[TABLE] Emissions
[TABLE] NOx | ton | 340 | 495
[TABLE] SOx | ton | 2 | 2
[TABLE] VOC | ton | 11,104*3 | 12,188
[TABLE] Waste
[TABLE] For recycling | ton | 149,293 | 162,746
[TABLE] For final disposal | ton | 8,688 | 7,746
[TABLE] Unit | 2022 | 2023
[TABLE] Total | mil ¥ | 10,465 | 13,996
[TABLE] Cost reduction | mil ¥ | 478 | 3,293
[TABLE] Profit | mil ¥ | 9,987 | 10,703

[PAGE 160]
Employee data *1 Employee turnover rate includes retirement. *2 Number of unionized employees includes full-time employees, Senior Partners (reemployment after retiring) and contract employees. Number of unionized employees includes those of Nissan Motor Kyushu. *3 Average annual salary for employees includes bonuses and overtime pay. *4 Ratio of the average pay of women employees to that of men employees, calculating the average pay by dividing the total amount paid, including salaries, allowances, and bonuses, by the number of employees. Although there is a gap in average pay per person due to differences in composition between men employees and women employees, such as the ratio of managers, there is no difference in treatment between men employees and women employees in the pay. *5 While the average for the calendar year (January to December) was stated before 2021, it is changed to the average for the fiscal year (April to March) from 2022. The figures exclude managers. *6 Ratio of men employees taking childcare leave: (Numerator) Number of men employees who take childcare leave at least 1 day in the year. (Denominator) Number of men employees whose spouses give birth in the year. Social data (FY) Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Data Governance Social Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Unit 2021 2022 2023 Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. Number of employees People 23,166 23,525 24,034 Men People 19,862 20,174 20,510 Women 3,304 3,351 3,524 Average age Age 41.9 41.7 41.2 Men Age 42.1 41.8 41.3 Women 40.7 40.9 40.7 Average length of service Years 17.0 16.4 15.0 Men Years 17.8 17.1 15.6 Women 12.0 12.3 11.2 Number of new hires People 986 1,527 1,765 Men People 860 1,316 1,465 Women 126 211 300 Employee turnover rate*1 % 5.3 6.2 6.2 Voluntary Resignation % 2.6 2.7 2.4 Disabled employment ratio % 2.5 2.5 2.5 Number of unionized employees*2 People 26,108 26,434 26,531 Average annual salary*3 Yen 8,110,304 8,509,353 8,771,496 Men and women employees average pay difference All employees % 81.1 81.9 82.5 Regular employees % 76.9 78.0 79.0 Non-Regular employees % 85.5 88.1 81.6 Unit 2021 2022 2023 Ratio of employees subject to personnel evaluation % 100 100 100 Days of paid holiday taken*5 Days 20.0 19.7 19.0 Taken paid holiday ratio*5 % 102 96 97 Average overtime *5 Hours/ month 24.1 25.6 25.4 Number of employees taking childcare leave People 430 373 412 Men People 122 246 302 Women 308 127 110 Ratio of men employees taking childcare leave*6 % 20.6 42.3 51.4 Ratio of employees those who return from childcare leave % 98.9 94.2 96.9 Men % 98.5 94.3 95.5 Women 99.0 94.1 99.3 Number of employees taking nursing care leave People 8 13 25 Men People 6 11 20 Women 2 2 5 Number of Women managers People 331 330 346 Ratio % 10.3 10.4 10.7 Of which, equivalent to GM People 92 92 99 Ratio % 8.5 8.6 9.0 Non-Japanese indirect employee ratio % 5.2 5.8 6.4 Non-Japanese manager ratio % 5.7 5.8 6.2 Unit 2021 2022 2023 Training sessions Annual number of participants People 395,448 519,905 514,187 Total hours of training Hours 328,783 392,294 358,597 Average hours per employee Hours 14.3 16.5 14.9 Participant satisfaction (out of 5) Score Above 4.2 Above 4.2 Above 4.2 Investment per employee Yen 67,000 75,000 76,000 Unit FY2021 FY2022 As of July 1st, 2024 Non-Japanese executive ratio % 46.7 46.7 40.0 Number of women corporate officers People 2 3 5 Ratio % 3.9 5.8 9.6 Number of women Board of Directors People 2 2 3 Ratio % 16.7 16.7 25.0 Of which, internal People 0 0 0 Ratio % 0 0 0 Of which, external People 2 2 3 Ratio % 28.6 28.6 37.5 Corporate officers and Board of Directors Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data 159

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Governance | 159
[TABLE] Data
[TABLE] Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data
[TABLE] Unit | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
[TABLE] Nissan Motor Co., Ltd.
[TABLE] Number of employees Men
Women | People | 23,166 | 23,525 | 24,034
[TABLE] People | 19,862 | 20,174 | 20,510
[TABLE] 3,304 | 3,351 | 3,524
[TABLE] Average age Men
Women | Age | 41.9 | 41.7 | 41.2
[TABLE] Age | 42.1 | 41.8 | 41.3
[TABLE] 40.7 | 40.9 | 40.7
[TABLE] Average length of
Men
service
Women | Years | 17.0 | 16.4 | 15.0
[TABLE] Years | 17.8 | 17.1 | 15.6
[TABLE] 12.0 | 12.3 | 11.2
[TABLE] Number of new hires Men
Women | People | 986 | 1,527 | 1,765
[TABLE] People | 860 | 1,316 | 1,465
[TABLE] 126 | 211 | 300
[TABLE] Employee turnover
rate*1 Voluntary
Resignation | ％ | 5.3 | 6.2 | 6.2
[TABLE] ％ | 2.6 | 2.7 | 2.4
[TABLE] Disabled employment
ratio | ％ | 2.5 | 2.5 | 2.5
[TABLE] Number of unionized
employees*2 | People | 26,108 | 26,434 | 26,531
[TABLE] Average annual salary*3 | Yen | 8,110,304 | 8,509,353 | 8,771,496
[TABLE] All employees
Men and women Regular
employees average pay employees
difference
Non-Regular
employees | ％ | 81.1 | 81.9 | 82.5
[TABLE] ％ | 76.9 | 78.0 | 79.0
[TABLE] ％ | 85.5 | 88.1 | 81.6
[TABLE] Unit | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
[TABLE] Ratio of employees
subject to personnel
evaluation | ％ | 100 | 100 | 100
[TABLE] Days of paid holiday
taken*5 | Days | 20.0 | 19.7 | 19.0
[TABLE] Taken paid holiday
ratio*5 | ％ | 102 | 96 | 97
[TABLE] Average overtime *5 | Hours/
month | 24.1 | 25.6 | 25.4
[TABLE] Number of employees
Men
taking childcare leave
Women | People | 430 | 373 | 412
[TABLE] People | 122 | 246 | 302
[TABLE] 308 | 127 | 110
[TABLE] Ratio of men
employees taking
childcare leave*6 | ％ | 20.6 | 42.3 | 51.4
[TABLE] Ratio of employees
those who return from Men
childcare leave
Women | ％ | 98.9 | 94.2 | 96.9
[TABLE] ％ | 98.5 | 94.3 | 95.5
[TABLE] 99.0 | 94.1 | 99.3
[TABLE] Number of employees
taking nursing care Men
leave
Women | People | 8 | 13 | 25
[TABLE] People | 6 | 11 | 20
[TABLE] 2 | 2 | 5
[TABLE] Number of Women
managers Ratio | People | 331 | 330 | 346
[TABLE] ％ | 10.3 | 10.4 | 10.7
[TABLE] Of which, equivalent to
GM Ratio | People | 92 | 92 | 99
[TABLE] ％ | 8.5 | 8.6 | 9.0
[TABLE] Non-Japanese indirect
employee ratio | ％ | 5.2 | 5.8 | 6.4
[TABLE] Non-Japanese
manager ratio | ％ | 5.7 | 5.8 | 6.2
[TABLE] Unit | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
[TABLE] Annual
number of
participants
Total hours of
training
Average
Training sessions hours per
employee
Participant
satisfaction
(out of 5)
Investment
per employee | People | 395,448 | 519,905 | 514,187
[TABLE] Hours | 328,783 | 392,294 | 358,597
[TABLE] Hours | 14.3 | 16.5 | 14.9
[TABLE] Score | Above 4.2 | Above 4.2 | Above 4.2
[TABLE] Yen | 67,000 | 75,000 | 76,000
[TABLE] Unit | FY2021 | FY2022 | As of July 1st,
2024
[TABLE] Non-Japanese
executive ratio | ％ | 46.7 | 46.7 | 40.0
[TABLE] Number of women
corporate officers Ratio | People | 2 | 3 | 5
[TABLE] ％ | 3.9 | 5.8 | 9.6
[TABLE] Number of women
Board of Directors Ratio | People | 2 | 2 | 3
[TABLE] ％ | 16.7 | 16.7 | 25.0
[TABLE] Of which, internal
Ratio | People | 0 | 0 | 0
[TABLE] ％ | 0 | 0 | 0
[TABLE] Of which, external
Ratio | People | 2 | 2 | 3
[TABLE] ％ | 28.6 | 28.6 | 37.5

[PAGE 161]
(FY) Unit 2021 2022 2023 Global Consolidated number of employees*1 People 134,111 (15,743) 131,719 (15,397) 133,580 (16,549) Japan People 60,145 60,423 60,468 North America People 36,969 37,745 40,262 Europe People 12,826 10,037 9,999 Asia People 18,367 17,649 16,958 Other overseas regions People 5,804 5,865 5,893 Number of new hires People - 8,067 6,969 Japan*2 People - 1,464 1,765 North America People - 4,995 3,989 Europe People - 638 550 Asia People - 204 360 Other overseas regions People - 766 415 Employee turnover rate*3 % - 5.3 4.0 Japan*2 % - 2.6 2.9 North America % - 6.9 3.4 Europe % - 7.3 4.5 Asia % - 3.9 10.2 Other overseas regions % - 5.6 8.0 Ratio of women managers % 14.9 15.5 15.9 Global employee survey *4 (engagement) Score 67 69 71 Response rate % 88 90 91 Serious accident count (GUR) 39 44 22 Occupational accident frequency rate (FR1) 0.98 0.91 0.85 *1 Numbers in brackets denote part-time employees not included in the consolidated *2 Total of Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. and Nissan Motor Kyushu Co., Ltd. *3 These figures are calculated for only indirect employees *4 A maximum score of 100 points, average score of 91 domestic and overseas companies that participated in the employee awareness survey. *5 JNCAP: Japan New Car Assessment Program. An automobile assessment program run by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism and the National Agency for Automotive Safety and Victims’ Aid (NASVA). *6 NCAP: U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration’s New Car Assessment Program *7 IIHS: U.S. Insurance Institute for Highway Safety Trade union Most of the company’s employees are affiliated with the Nissan Motor Workers’ Union, for which the governing body is the All Nissan and General Workers Unions, and the Japanese Trade Union Confederation (RENGO) through the Confederation of Japan Automobile Workers’ Unions. The labor management relations of the company are stable, and the number of union members was 26,531 including those of Nissan Motor Kyushu as of March 31, 2024. At most domestic Group companies, employees are affiliated with their respective trade unions on a company basis, and the governing body is the All Nissan and General Workers Unions. At foreign Group companies, employees’ rights to select their own trade unions are respected according to the relevant labor laws and labor environment in each country. The percentage of countries with unionized operations (only countries with consolidated vehicle assembly plant) is 70% (7/10 countries). Safety Major external safety ratings (Based on 2023 assessments) Regions External Assessments Models Rating Ratio Japan JNCAP*5Car Safety Performance 2023 Serena, X-Trail 5 ★ (Highest score) 2/2 U.S. NCAP*6 Nissan LEAF, Nissan LEAF Plus, Murano, Altima, Maxima, Sentra, Versa, Rogue, Nissan ARIYA FWD, Pathfinder AWD, INFINITI QX50, QX60 AWD 5 ★Overall Rating (2023 model year) 12/17 TITAN (Crew Cab), Frontier(Crew Cab), Kicks, Armada, INFINITI QX80 4 ★Overall Rating (2023 model year) 5/17 IIHS*7 Pathfinder 2024 Top Safety Pick+ 1/3 Nissan ARIYA, INFINITI QX60 2024 Top Safety Pick 2/3 China C-NCAP Nissan ARIYA 5 ★ 1/1 Taiwan TNCAP Kicks 5 ★ 1/1 Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Data Governance Social Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data 160

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Governance | 160
[TABLE] Data
[TABLE] Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data
[TABLE] Unit | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
[TABLE] Global
[TABLE] Japan
North
Consolidated number America
of employees*1
Europe
Asia
Other overseas
regions | People | 134,111
（15,743） | 131,719
（15,397） | 133,580
（16,549）
[TABLE] People | 60,145 | 60,423 | 60,468
[TABLE] People | 36,969 | 37,745 | 40,262
[TABLE] People | 12,826 | 10,037 | 9,999
[TABLE] People | 18,367 | 17,649 | 16,958
[TABLE] People | 5,804 | 5,865 | 5,893
[TABLE] Japan*2
North
America
Number of new hires
Europe
Asia
Other overseas
regions | People | - | 8,067 | 6,969
[TABLE] People | - | 1,464 | 1,765
[TABLE] People | - | 4,995 | 3,989
[TABLE] People | - | 638 | 550
[TABLE] People | - | 204 | 360
[TABLE] People | - | 766 | 415
[TABLE] Japan*2
North
Employee turnover America
rate*3
Europe
Asia
Other overseas
regions | ％ | - | 5.3 | 4.0
[TABLE] ％ | - | 2.6 | 2.9
[TABLE] ％ | - | 6.9 | 3.4
[TABLE] ％ | - | 7.3 | 4.5
[TABLE] ％ | - | 3.9 | 10.2
[TABLE] ％ | - | 5.6 | 8.0
[TABLE] Ratio of women
managers | ％ | 14.9 | 15.5 | 15.9
[TABLE] Global employee Score
survey *4 Response
(engagement) rate | 67 | 69 | 71
[TABLE] ％ | 88 | 90 | 91
[TABLE] Serious accident count (GUR) | 39 | 44 | 22
[TABLE] Occupational accident frequency
rate (FR1) | 0.98 | 0.91 | 0.85
[TABLE] Regions | External Assessments | Models | Rating | Ratio
[TABLE] Japan | JNCAP*5Car Safety
Performance 2023 | Serena, X-Trail | 5★ (Highest score) | 2/2
[TABLE] U.S. | NCAP*6 | Nissan LEAF, Nissan LEAF Plus, Murano, Altima, Maxima,
Sentra, Versa, Rogue, Nissan ARIYA FWD, Pathfinder AWD,
INFINITI QX50, QX60 AWD | 5★Overall Rating (2023 model year) | 12/17
[TABLE] TITAN (Crew Cab), Frontier(Crew Cab), Kicks, Armada,
INFINITI QX80 | 4★Overall Rating (2023 model year) | 5/17
[TABLE] IIHS*7 | Pathfinder | 2024 Top Safety Pick+ | 1/3
[TABLE] Nissan ARIYA, INFINITI QX60 | 2024 Top Safety Pick | 2/3
[TABLE] China | C-NCAP | Nissan ARIYA | 5★ | 1/1
[TABLE] Taiwan | TNCAP | Kicks | 5★ | 1/1

[PAGE 162]
Diversity, equity and inclusion *1 In the United States, Nissan has also received awards other than those listed above. Region Awarded company Awarded year (in calendar year) Title of the Award Sponsor Japan Nissan Motor Co., Ltd 2023 Gold Award in PRIDE Index (seventh consecutive year) Work with Pride 2022 LinkedIn Talent Awards 2022 Diversity Champion category finalist LinkedIn 2017 Level-three Eruboshi accreditation Kanagawa Labor Bureau, Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare (MHLW) 2017 Nadeshiko Brand (fifth consecutive year) Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) and Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE) 2015 Incentive prize, Empowerment Award Japan Productivity Center 2015 Platinum Kurumin Mark Kanagawa Labor Bureau, MHLW 2015 Prize for excellence, 15th Telework Promotion Awards Japan Telework Association 2015 Japan's Minister of State for Special Missions Prize, Advanced Corporation Awards for the Promotion of Women Gender Equality Bureau, Cabinet Office Americas Nissan Americas 2024 All-Time Top Corporation Women’s Business Enterprises National Council (WBENC) (U.S.) 2023 DEI Impact Award Runner-Up: Champion for Diverse Talent Award – Organization Center for Automotive Diversity, Inclusion & Advancement (CADIA) 2023 Regional Corporate OEM Of The Year (second consecutive year) Southern Region Minority Supplier Development Council (SRMSDC) Nissan North America, Inc. 2023 Great Place to Work United States Great Place to Work 2023 Corporate Sponsor of the Year 100 Black Men of Jackson Chapter 2023 Corporate Partner of the Year Youth About Business Nissan Canada Inc. 2023 Great Place to Work Canada (fifth consecutive year) Great Place to Work Canada Nissan Mexicana, S.A. De C. V., NR Finance Mexico 2023 Best Places to Work LGBTQ+ Mexico (Fourth consecutive year for NR Finance Mexico, third consecutive year for Nissan Mexicana, S.A. De C. V. ) Human Rights Campaign Equidad MX 2023 Top Company for Women (second consecutive year) Top Companies – Expansion all Nissan South America countries, Argentina, Chile, Brazil and Peru 2023 Great Place to Work Latin America (second consecutive year) Great Place to Work Nissan Foundation 2023 Iris Award United Way of Greater Nashville AMIEO Africa/Middle East/India/Europe /Oceania Nissan Motor (GB) Ltd. 2023 Valuable 500 (second consecutive year) Valuable 500 2023 Pride 365 Certified (third consecutive year) InterPride(UK) Renault Nissan Technology Business Centre India (RNTBCI) 2024 Top Employer 2023 Top Employers Institute 2024 DiveHERsity Hiring Award (Top20 most innovative practices - Divehersity hiring) HerKey 2023 Top 100 Best Companies for Women in India (sixth consecutive year) AVTAR Group & Seramount 2023 100 Best – Hall of Fame (sixth time) Best of Best Conference 2023 by Avtar and Seramont Nissan Italy 2023 Great Place to Work Great Place to Work Nissan Middle East FZE 2023 Great Place to Work Great Place to Work China Nissan China(NCIC) 2022 2022 Best employer Human Resources Association for Chinese & Foreign Enterprises 2023 2023 The Most Attractive Employer (Top 100)(second consecutive year) Shixiseng.com (Local job board for intern & campus recruiting) 2023 Best Digital Learning Program Innovation Award CEIBS Online 2022 1.Best CSR Strategy 2.Best CSR Brand (3rd time) 3.Public Recognition Award CSR China Education Award 2022 Best Class Digital Learning Application BOOAOO Award ASEAN Nissan Philippines, Inc. 2023 Employer Brand Award 2023 Employer Brand Institute of India 2023 Best Employer 2024 (Top 7 in 2024 Phils Best Employers) Philippine Daily Inquirer & Statista External recognition*1 Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Data Governance Social Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data 161

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Governance | 161
[TABLE] Data
[TABLE] Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data
[TABLE] Region | Awarded company | Awarded year (in calendar year) | Title of the Award | Sponsor
[TABLE] Japan | Nissan Motor Co., Ltd | 2023 | Gold Award in PRIDE Index (seventh consecutive year) | Work with Pride
[TABLE] 2022 | LinkedIn Talent Awards 2022 Diversity Champion category finalist | LinkedIn
[TABLE] 2017 | Level-three Eruboshi accreditation | Kanagawa Labor Bureau, Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare (MHLW)
[TABLE] 2017 | Nadeshiko Brand (fifth consecutive year) | Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) and Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE)
[TABLE] 2015 | Incentive prize, Empowerment Award | Japan Productivity Center
[TABLE] 2015 | Platinum Kurumin Mark | Kanagawa Labor Bureau, MHLW
[TABLE] 2015 | Prize for excellence, 15th Telework Promotion Awards | Japan Telework Association
[TABLE] 2015 | Japan's Minister of State for Special Missions Prize, Advanced Corporation Awards for the Promotion of Women | Gender Equality Bureau, Cabinet Office
[TABLE] Americas | Nissan Americas | 2024 | All-Time Top Corporation | Womenʼs Business Enterprises National Council (WBENC) (U.S.)
[TABLE] 2023 | DEI Impact Award Runner-Up: Champion for Diverse Talent Award – Organization | Center for Automotive Diversity, Inclusion & Advancement（ CADIA）
[TABLE] 2023 | Regional Corporate OEM Of The Year (second consecutive year) | Southern Region Minority Supplier Development Council（ SRMSDC）
[TABLE] Nissan North America, Inc. | 2023 | Great Place to Work United States | Great Place to Work
[TABLE] 2023 | Corporate Sponsor of the Year | 100 Black Men of Jackson Chapter
[TABLE] 2023 | Corporate Partner of the Year | Youth About Business
[TABLE] Nissan Canada Inc. | 2023 | Great Place to Work Canada（ fifth consecutive year） | Great Place to Work Canada
[TABLE] Nissan Mexicana, S.A. De
C. V., NR Finance Mexico | 2023 | Best Places to Work LGBTQ+ Mexico (Fourth consecutive year for NR Finance Mexico, third consecutive year for
Nissan Mexicana, S.A. De C. V. ) | Human Rights Campaign Equidad MX
[TABLE] 2023 | Top Company for Women (second consecutive year) | Top Companies – Expansion
[TABLE] all Nissan South America
countries, Argentina, Chile,
Brazil and Peru | 2023 | Great Place to Work Latin America (second consecutive year) | Great Place to Work
[TABLE] Nissan Foundation | 2023 | Iris Award | United Way of Greater Nashville
[TABLE] AMIEO
Africa/Middle
East/India/Europe
/Oceania | Nissan Motor (GB) Ltd. | 2023 | Valuable 500 (second consecutive year) | Valuable 500
[TABLE] 2023 | Pride 365 Certified (third consecutive year) | InterPride（UK）
[TABLE] Renault Nissan Technology Business
Centre India (RNTBCI) | 2024 | Top Employer 2023 | Top Employers Institute
[TABLE] 2024 | DiveHERsity Hiring Award (Top20 most innovative practices - Divehersity hiring) | HerKey
[TABLE] 2023 | Top 100 Best Companies for Women in India (sixth consecutive year) | AVTAR Group & Seramount
[TABLE] 2023 | 100 Best – Hall of Fame（ sixth time） | Best of Best Conference 2023 by Avtar and Seramont
[TABLE] Nissan Italy | 2023 | Great Place to Work | Great Place to Work
[TABLE] Nissan Middle East FZE | 2023 | Great Place to Work | Great Place to Work
[TABLE] China | Nissan China（NCIC） | 2022 | 2022 Best employer | Human Resources Association for Chinese & Foreign Enterprises
[TABLE] 2023 | 2023 The Most Attractive Employer（ Top 100）(second consecutive year) | Shixiseng.com（ Local job board for intern & campus recruiting）
[TABLE] 2023 | Best Digital Learning Program Innovation Award | CEIBS Online
[TABLE] 2022 | 1.Best CSR Strategy
2.Best CSR Brand（ 3rd time）
3.Public Recognition Award | CSR China Education Award
[TABLE] 2022 | Best Class Digital Learning Application | BOOAOO Award
[TABLE] ASEAN | Nissan Philippines, Inc. | 2023 | Employer Brand Award 2023 | Employer Brand Institute of India
[TABLE] 2023 | Best Employer 2024 (Top 7 in 2024 Phils Best Employers) | Philippine Daily Inquirer & Statista

[PAGE 163]
Product safety and quality Recalls in FY2023*1 Country/Region Number of recalls Recalled vehicles (1,000 units) Japan 13 1,164 North America 22 1,546 Europe 10 507 Other 25 1,578 Global 48 *1 4,795 *1 Each recall action is counted as one case, so the total number of recalls in each country and region is not equal to the global number of recalls. We respond to all safety-related investigation requests from authorities in each country. Contributing to local communities Social contribution achievements in FY2023 Cumulative number of employees participating in global social contribution activities: Approximately 46,000 Cumulative number of beneficiaries from global social contribution activities: Over 1.2 million Global social contributions: 2.46 billion yen Social contributions include: ・ Expenses for implementing philanthropic activities (excluding labor costs) ・ Monetary donations and NPO membership fees for philanthropic purposes ・ Cash equivalents of in-kind donations ・ Sponsorship fees for philanthropic initiatives Amount (¥ million) % of total Philanthropic activities 828 33.7 Monetary donations 1,166 47.5 In-kind donations (cash equivalent) 109 4.4 Sponsorships, etc. 354 14.4 Total 2,458 100 Breakdown of FY2023 global social contributions Nissan Motor Corporation Corporate direction Environmental Data Governance Social Contents Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data 162

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Governance | 162
[TABLE] Data
[TABLE] Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data
[TABLE] Country/Region | Number of recalls | Recalled vehicles (1,000 units)
[TABLE] Japan | 13 | 1,164
[TABLE] North America | 22 | 1,546
[TABLE] Europe | 10 | 507
[TABLE] Other | 25 | 1,578
[TABLE] Global | 48 *1 | 4,795
[TABLE] Amount (¥ million) | % of total
[TABLE] Philanthropic
activities | 828 | 33.7
[TABLE] Monetary donations | 1,166 | 47.5
[TABLE] In-kind donations
(cash equivalent) | 109 | 4.4
[TABLE] Sponsorships, etc. | 354 | 14.4
[TABLE] Total | 2,458 | 100

[PAGE 164]
Governance data Status of attendance at meetings of the Board of Directors and committees in FY 2023 (April 2023 through March 2024) Board of Directors Number of times Board of Directors meetings were convened 19 Average attendance ratio per meeting 98.0% Committee Nomination Committee Number of times Nomination Committee meetings were convened 11 Average attendance ratio per meeting 98.5% Compensation Committee Number of times Compensation Committee meetings were convened 15 Average attendance ratio per meeting 97.8% Audit Committee Number of times Audit Committee meetings were convened 12 Average attendance ratio per meeting 100% Overview of corporate governance (as of end of March 2024) Organization form Company with three statutory committees Chairperson of the Board of Directors Independent outside director Number of directors 10 Number of independent outside directors 6 Number of female directors 2 Chairperson of the Nomination Committee Independent outside director Number of directors 5 Number of independent outside directors 4 Number of female directors 1 Chairperson of the Compensation Committee Independent outside director Number of directors 4 Number of independent outside directors 4 Number of female directors 1 Chairperson of the Audit Committee Independent outside director Number of directors 5 Number of independent outside directors 4 Number of female directors 1 Nissan Motor Corporation Sustainability data book 2024 Corporate direction Environmental Data Governance Social Contents Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data 163

[TABLE] Contents | Corporate direction | Environmental | Social | Governance | 163
[TABLE] Data
[TABLE] Corporate overview Environmental data Social data Governance data
[TABLE] Organization form | Company with three statutory
committees
[TABLE] Chairperson of the Board of
Directors | Independent outside director
[TABLE] Number of directors | 10
[TABLE] Number of independent outside
directors | 6
[TABLE] Number of female directors | 2
[TABLE] Chairperson of the Nomination
Committee | Independent outside director
[TABLE] Number of directors | 5
[TABLE] Number of independent outside
directors | 4
[TABLE] Number of female directors | 1
[TABLE] Chairperson of the Compensation
Committee | Independent outside director
[TABLE] Number of directors | 4
[TABLE] Number of independent outside
directors | 4
[TABLE] Number of female directors | 1
[TABLE] Chairperson of the Audit Committee | Independent outside director
[TABLE] Number of directors | 5
[TABLE] Number of independent outside
directors | 4
[TABLE] Number of female directors | 1
[TABLE] Board
of
Directors | Number of times Board of Directors
meetings were convened | 19
[TABLE] Average attendance ratio per meeting | 98.0%
[TABLE] Committee | Nomination
Committee | Number of times Nomination
Committee meetings were
convened | 11
[TABLE] Average attendance ratio per
meeting | 98.5%
[TABLE] Compensation
Committee | Number of times Compensation
Committee meetings were
convened | 15
[TABLE] Average attendance ratio per
meeting | 97.8%
[TABLE] Audit Committee | Number of times Audit Committee
meetings were convened | 12
[TABLE] Average attendance ratio per
meeting | 100%