[PAGE 1]
1 FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F

[PAGE 4]
4 TABLE OF CONTENTS Board Report 9 Board of Directors 12 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 12 Letter from the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer 14 Introduction 18 Certain Defined Terms and Note on Presentation 18 Forward-Looking Statements 19 Creating Value for Our Shareholders 20 Risk Factors 21 Overview 47 Industry Overview 50 Overview of Our Business 53 Financial Overview 88 Liquidity and Capital Resources 101 2025 Outlook 114 Major Shareholders 114 Corporate Governance 116 Report of the Non-Executive Directors 156 Sustainability Statement 163 ESRS 2 – General disclosures 166 E1 – Climate change 209 E2 – Pollution 240 E5 – Resource use and circular economy 242 S1 – Own workforce 247 S2 – Workers in the value chain 269

[TABLE] Board Report 9
Board of Directors 12
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 12
Letter from the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer 14
Introduction 18
Certain Defined Terms and Note on Presentation 18
Forward-Looking Statements 19
Creating Value for Our Shareholders 20
Risk Factors 21
Overview 47
Industry Overview 50
Overview of Our Business 53
Financial Overview 88
Liquidity and Capital Resources 101
2025 Outlook 114
Major Shareholders 114
Corporate Governance 116
Report of the Non-Executive Directors 156
[TABLE] Sustainability Statement 163
ESRS 2 – General disclosures 166
E1 – Climate change 209
E2 – Pollution 240
E5 – Resource use and circular economy 242
S1 – Own workforce 247
S2 – Workers in the value chain 269

[PAGE 5]
5 TABLE OF CONTENTS S3 – Affected communities 272 S4 – Consumers and End-users 276 G1 – Business Conduct 283 Risk Management Process and Internal Control System 295 Remuneration of Directors 302 Controls and Procedures 324 Statement by the Board Of Directors 327 Financial Statements 329 Consolidated Financial Statements 331 Consolidated Income Statement 333 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 334 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 335 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 336 Consolidated Statement of Changes In Equity 338 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 340 Company Financial Statement 403 Income Statement/Statement of Comprehensive Income 405 Statement of Financial Position 406 Statement of Cash Flows 407 Statement of Changes In Equity 408 Notes to the Company Financial Statements 409 Other Information 437 Additional Information for Netherlands Corporate Governance 439 Additional Information 440 Notes 474

[TABLE] S3 – Affected communities 272
S4 – Consumers and End-users 276
G1 – Business Conduct 283
[TABLE] Risk Management Process and Internal Control System 295
Remuneration of Directors 302
Controls and Procedures 324
Statement by the Board Of Directors 327
Financial Statements 329
Consolidated Financial Statements 331
Consolidated Income Statement 333
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 334
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 335
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 336
Consolidated Statement of Changes In Equity 338
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 340
Company Financial Statement 403
Income Statement/Statement of Comprehensive Income 405
Statement of Financial Position 406
Statement of Cash Flows 407
Statement of Changes In Equity 408
Notes to the Company Financial Statements 409
Other Information 437
Additional Information for Netherlands Corporate Governance 439
Additional Information 440
Notes 474

[PAGE 11]
11 BOARD REPORT INDEX BOARD REPORT Board of Directors 12 Independent Registered 12 Public Accounting Firm Letter from the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer 14 Introduction 18 Certain Defined Terms 18 and Note on Presentation Forward-Looking Statements 19 Creating Value for 20 Our Shareholders Risk Factors 21 Overview 47 Industry Overview 50 Overview of Our Business 53 Financial Overview 88 Liquidity and 101 Capital Resources 2025 Outlook 114 Major Shareholders 114 Corporate Governance 116 Report of the 156 Non-Executive Directors Risk Management Process 295 and Internal Control System Remuneration of Directors 302 Controls and Procedures 324 Statement by the 327 Board Of Directors

[PAGE 12]
12 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F BOARD OF DIRECTORS [Executive Chairman] John Elkann [Chief Executive Officer] Benedetto Vigna [Vice Chairman] Piero Ferrari [Directors] Delphine Arnault Francesca Bellettini Eddy Cue Sergio Duca John Galantic Maria Patrizia Grieco Adam Keswick Mike Volpi INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM Deloitte Accountants B.V. (AFM Annual Report filing(*) Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. (Form 20-F filing)(*) (*) Refer to “Introduction—About this Report” for additional information relating to the AFM Annual Report filing and the Form 20-F filing

[PAGE 14]
14 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN AND THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER Our founder Enzo Ferrari was a vision- ary, a pioneer ahead of his time. To this day, everything we do here at Maranello is fuelled by his relentless will to progress. This legacy to audaciously redefine the limits of possi- ble, to innovate, to continually push forward across each of The Prancing Horse’s souls, has led to another remarkable year, marked by significant milestones in racing, sports cars and lifestyle. Ferrari’s achievements in 2024 created some unforgettable memories, and saw the continued growth of our Company. Our excellent financial results reflect our com- mitment to quality of revenues over volume, with all financial parameters increasing by double digits, and a slight rise in shipments compared to last year. These resulted in an industrial free cash flow above 1 billion Euro, and EBITDA margin of 38.3 percent and a net profit reaching 1.5 billion Euro. These figures are testament to our ded- ication to enshrining our brand’s exclusivity whilst further consolidating its position in the luxury world. Our founder’s pioneering legacy is embodied in the sports cars we unveiled in 2024, in accordance with the plan we set out on Capital Markets Day 2022. In May, our extraordinary line up was further strengthened by the 12Cilindri and 12Cilindri Spider, fitted with the latest, most advanced version of our iconic V12 engine. And then, in October, we revealed our F80 supercar. It raises the bar once again, mark- ing a new chapter in a proud lineage of leg- endary Ferraris such as 1984’s GTO, 1987’s F40, and 2016’s LaFerrari Aperta. The F80, the pinnacle of Maranello’s technological innovation to date, continues Enzo Ferrari’s drive to transfer advances and learnings derived from the track onto the road, using the same engine architecture that powers the 499P Hypercar. In his quest for excellence, Enzo demanded complete control of every component, and our new supercar fully reflects this. It also represents a major advance in our electrifica- tion capabilities – we can now claim that our battery assemblies, electric axles, inverters and electric engines are all “developed and made in Maranello”. These important strides forward in our electrification journey are possible thanks to the opening of our new e-building in Maranello, inaugurated on June 21 in the presence of the Italian President, Sergio Mattarella. Thanks to our people’s commit- ment, construction took just two years and was achieved with unprecedented levels of energy, process and materials efficiency. This state-of-the-art facility increases our production flexibility, and it is here that we will manufacture the next generation of Ferraris, including another exciting chapter in our history... the first Ferrari elettrica. We believe in offering our clients complete flex- ibility in terms of powertrain, and this land- mark sports car will be an important addi- tion to our internal combustion and hybrid models. There has of course been much interest and speculation about this model, and we can promise that it will be a true Ferrari, delivering all the distinctive driving excitement that characterizes a sports car from the Prancing Horse. Our founder’s will to progress was matched by a thirst for knowledge that enabled him to get the edge on his competi- tors and sparked new innovations. In April 2024 our understanding and expertise in electric power received a further boost with the opening of the E-Cells Lab in collaboration with University of Bologna and NXP. This new Dear Shareholder,

[PAGE 15]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 15 BOARD REPORT electrochemical research center, developed by Ferrari in knowledge of the materials and the chemical and physical properties of lith- ium cells to prepare for the future. Ferrari aims to lead by example in sus- tainable innovation, and 30 September saw a further milestone in our journey towards carbon neutrality by 2030 when we shut down the trigenerator at our Maranello fac- tory. Although this plant had been an exam- ple of high-efficiency technology, its closure will ensure a threefold reduction in methane gas consumption compared to 2021 as we rely increasingly on renewable sources of power. This progress is consistent with our strategy and sustainability targets, and we were in fact able to do it three months earlier than previously planned. Ferrari was born to compete on the track, and 2024 proved to be a memora- ble competitive season that honored the Prancing Horse’s racing soul. Our teams brought home memorable victories in both the FIA World Endurance Championship and Formula 1: we will never forget Sunday, September 1, a special day in which we won in both the WEC at Austin and the F1 GP at Monza – two continents, two different cat- egories, two Ferrari triumphs. In Formula 1 we were in contention for the Constructors’ title right to the very end. In Scuderia Ferrari’s 95th anniversary year, our five Grand Prix wins united us all as a commu- nity, as did our second consecutive win in the Le Mans 24 with the extraordinary 499P Hypercar. Our triumph in this legendary test of human and mechanical endurance was a moment of great joy, as was the brilliant performance of the 296 GT3 and of the 296 Challenge in its debut year. Enzo Ferrari was never satisfied with the status quo – and today we’re still looking for new ways to challenge our racing DNA. We are currently preparing to enter the world of sailing: the search for maximum perfor- mance at sea gives us the opportunity to develop new innovations in sustainability that will inspire our future sports cars. Our lifestyle soul is also evolving and progressing. It’s a vital part of what we do, because for many fans of our brand, this is their entry point into the Ferrari world. In 2024, the Museums of Maranello and Modena enjoyed record attendances with over 850,000 visitors, driven by the public’s inex- haustible passion for the Prancing Horse. Our collections have continued to enjoy strong acclaim during Milan Fashion Week and commercial traction, with the exclusive Miami capsule collection and other limited editions of the Maranello Clutch, meticu- lously crafted in our factory. In the luxury environment, delivering an outstanding experience is just as import- ant as an outstanding product. Much of our success in 2024 must be attributed to the way our teams have worked in harmony to continue to elevate our brand. This was best demonstrated in Miami last spring, when an unprecedented program of Racing, Sports Car and Lifestyle events were designed around the Miami Grand Prix to bring the Ferrari community together and capture the very essence of the Prancing Horse. At the heart of all of our achievements are our people: their passion, their sense of belonging, and their shared endeavor to cre- ate excellence. And it is for our people that we committed to and implemented a series of ini- tiatives in 2024. These include a broad-based share ownership plan, our Competitiveness Award, comprehensive training programs, and an enhanced corporate welfare system focused on employee wellbeing. Together, these initiatives reflect the value we place on our people, and acknowledge their bound- less ability to innovate. Our clients’ generosity complements our actions to give back to our community. Our founder knew that progress is enabled by knowledge, and Ferrari has a historic atten- tion to excellence in training and education. We maintain our priority on educational projects with innovation at their core – fur- ther strengthening our commitment for ini- tiatives with global ambitions in Maranello. As we execute our business plan, we remain steadfastly forward-looking. Our will to progress defines our legacy and our future. Whatever challenges present them- selves in 2025, we will continue to face them head on, in line with our commitment to inno- vation, exclusivity and excellence – always with four wheels on the ground. Thank you for your support in 2024. We are delighted to have you onboard for another exciting year ahead. February 20, 2025 John Elkann [Executive Chairman] Benedetto Vigna [Chief Executive Officer]

[PAGE 18]
18 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F INTRODUCTION ABOUT THIS REPORT This document, referred to hereafter as the “Annual Report and Form 20-F” or “Annual Report”, con- stitutes both the statutory annual report in accor- dance with Dutch legal requirements (“AFM Annual Report”) and the annual report on Form 20-F (“Form 20-F”), applicable to Foreign Private Issuers, pursu- ant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the United States (“U.S.”) Securities Exchange Act of 1934, of Ferrari N.V. for the year ended December 31, 2024, except as not- ed below. For the cross-references of the contents of this document to the Form 20-F requirements please refer to the “Form 20-F Cross Reference” section included elsewhere in this document. This Annual Report is filed with the Netherlands Authority for Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten, the “AFM”). The following sections have been removed for our Annual Report filing with the AFM: • Form 20-F cover page; • Corporate Governance — Differences between Dutch Corporate Governance Practices and NYSE Listing Standards; • Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in respect of Internal Control over Financial Reporting for the SEC filing; • Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in respect of the PCAOB audits of the financial statements for the SEC filing; • Exhibits; • Form 20-F Cross Reference; and • Signatures. This Annual Report and the exhibits hereto are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and unless otherwise stated, all references in this document to “Form 20-F” refer to the SEC fil- ing. The following sections have been removed for our Form 20-F filing with the SEC: • Letter from the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer; • 2025 Outlook; • Corporate Governance — Disclosures pursuant to Decree Article 10 EU-Directive on Takeovers; • Corporate Governance — Responsibilities in re- spect to the Annual Report; • Sustainability Statement; • Controls and procedures — Statement by the Board of Directors;Company Financial Statements; • Other Information — Additional Information for Netherlands Corporate Governance; and • Independent auditor’s report — Report on the audit of the financial statements included in the Annual Report in respect of the AFM filing. DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY The SEC maintains an internet site that contains re- ports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electroni- cally with the SEC, including the Company, at http:// www.sec.gov. The address of the SEC’s website is provided solely for information purposes and is not intended to be an active link. Reports and other in- formation concerning the business of Ferrari may also be inspected at the offices of the New York Stock Exchange, 11 Wall Street, New York, NY 10005, United States. We also make our periodic reports as well as other information filed with or furnished to the SEC available, free of charge, through our website at https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate as soon as reasonably practicable after those reports and other information are electronically filed with or fur- nished to the SEC. The information on our website or the websites of any other entity is not incorporated by reference in this document. This document is a PDF copy of the Annual Report of Ferrari N.V. at and for the year ended December 31, 2024 and is not presented in the ESEF- format as specified in the Regulatory Technical Standards on ESEF (Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815). The official Annual Report of Ferrari N.V. in ESEF single reporting package, as filed with the AFM, is available on Ferrari’s website. CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS AND NOTE ON PRESENTATION CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS In this report, unless otherwise specified, the terms “we”, “our”, “us”, the “Group”, the “Company” and “Ferrari” refer to Ferrari N.V., individually or togeth- er with its subsidiaries as the context may require. References to “Ferrari N.V.” refer to the registrant. NOTE ON PRESENTATION This Annual Report includes the consolidated finan- cial statements of Ferrari N.V. at December 31, 2024 and 2023, and for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 prepared in accordance with the IFRS® Accounting Standards (“IFRS Accounting Standards”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”), as well as IFRS Accounting Standards as adopted by the European Union (throughout this document references to IFRS Accounting Standards refer to both IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB and IFRS Accounting Standards as adopted by the European Union, un- less specified otherwise). There is no effect on these consolidated financial statements resulting from differences between IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB and IFRS Accounting Standards

[PAGE 19]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 19 BOARD REPORT as adopted by the European Union. The consolidated financial statements and the notes to the consolidat- ed financial statements are referred to collectively as the “Consolidated Financial Statements”. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The Group’s financial information is presented in Euro. In some instances, information is presented in U.S. Dollars. All references in this document to “Euro” and “€” refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended, and all references to “U.S. Dollars” and “$” refer to the currency of the United States of America (the “United States” or the “U.S.”). The language of this Annual Report is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. The financial data in the section “Financial Overview” is presented in millions of Euro, while the percent- ages presented are calculated using the underlying figures in thousands of Euro. Certain totals in the tables included in this docu- ment may not add due to rounding. Except as otherwise disclosed within this Annual Report, no significant change has occurred since the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Statements contained in this Annual Report, par- ticularly those regarding our possible or assumed future performance, competitive strengths, costs, dividends, reserves and growth as well as industry growth and other trends and projections, are “for- ward-looking statements” that contain risks and un- certainties. In some cases, words such as “may”, “will”, “expect”, “could”, “should”, “intend”, “estimate”, “antic- ipate”, “believe”, “remain”, “continue”, “on track”, “suc- cessful”, “grow”, “design”, “target”, “objective”, “goal”, “forecast”, “projection”, “outlook”, “prospects”, “plan”, “guidance” and similar expressions are used to identi- fy forward-looking statements. These forward-look- ing statements reflect the respective current views of Ferrari with respect to future events and involve significant risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicat- ed in the forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, without limitation: • our ability to preserve and enhance the value of the Ferrari brand; • our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; • the success of our racing activities; • our ability to keep up with advances in high per- formance car technology, to meet the challeng- es and costs of integrating advanced technol- ogies, including electric, more broadly into our car portfolio over time and to make appealing designs for our new models; • the impact of increasingly stringent fuel econ- omy, emissions and safety standards, including the cost of compliance, and any required chang- es to our products, as well as possible future bans of combustion engine cars in cities and the potential advent of self-driving technology; • increases in costs, disruptions of supply or shortages of components and raw materials; • our ability to successfully carry out our low volume and controlled growth strategy, while increasing our presence in growth market countries; • changes in general economic conditions (includ- ing changes in the markets in which we operate) and changes in demand for luxury goods, includ- ing high performance luxury cars, which is highly volatile; • macro events, pandemics and conflicts, includ- ing the ongoing conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East region, and the related issues poten- tially impacting sourcing and transportation, as well as trading policies and tariffs; • competition in the luxury performance automo- bile industry; • changes in client preferences and automotive trends; • our ability to preserve the value of our cars over time and our relationship with the automobile collector and enthusiast community; • disruptions at our manufacturing facilities in Maranello and Modena; • climate change and other environmental im- pacts, as well as an increased focus of regulators and stakeholders on environmental matters; • our ability to maintain the functional and effi- cient operation of our information technology systems and to defend from the risk of cyberat- tacks, including on our in-vehicle technology; • the ability of our current management team to operate and manage effectively and the reliance upon a number of key members of executive management and employees; • the performance of our dealer network on which we depend for sales and services; • product warranties, product recalls and liability claims; • the sponsorship and commercial revenues and expenses of our racing activities, as well as the popularity of motor sports more broadly; • the performance of our lifestyle activities; • our ability to protect our intellectual property rights and to avoid infringing on the intellectual property rights of others; • our continued compliance with customs regula- tions of various jurisdictions; • labor relations and collective bargaining agree- ments; • our ability to ensure that our employees, agents

[PAGE 20]
20 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F and representatives comply with applicable law and regulations; • changes in tax, tariff or fiscal policies and regula- tory, political and labor conditions in the jurisdic- tions in which we operate; • our ability to service and refinance our debt; • exchange rate fluctuations, interest rate changes, credit risk and other market risks; • our ability to provide or arrange for adequate ac- cess to financing for our clients and dealers, and associated risks; • the adequacy of our insurance coverage to pro- tect us against potential losses; • potential conflicts of interest due to director and officer overlaps with our largest shareholders; and • other factors discussed elsewhere in this docu- ment. We expressly disclaim and do not assume any liabil- ity in connection with any inaccuracies in any of the forward-looking statements in this document or in connection with any use by any third party of such forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements. We do not undertake an obligation to update or revise publicly any for- ward-looking statements. Additional factors which could cause actual results and developments to differ from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking state- ments are included in the section “Risk Factors” of this Annual Report. These factors may not be exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements included in this Annual Report. You should evaluate all forward-look- ing statements made in this report in the context of these risks and uncertainties. CREATING VALUE FOR OUR SHAREHOLDERS Ferrari is among the world’s leading luxury brands with unique, world-class capabilities, and a vision built on our historic foundations and strengths. We are fiercely protective of our brand, which is among the most iconic and recognizable in the world and is critical to our value proposition to all of our stakeholders. We strive to maintain and enhance the power of our brand and the passion we inspire in clients and the broader community of automotive enthusiasts by continuing our rigorous production and distribution model, which promotes excellence in innovation, design and uniqueness We also support our brand value by promoting a strong connection to our company and our brand among the community of Ferrari enthusiasts. We focus relentlessly on strengthening this connection by rewarding our most loyal clients through a range of initiatives, such as driving events and client activ- ities worldwide and, most importantly, by providing our most loyal and active clients with preferential access to our newest, most exclusive and highest value cars. As a result, in 2024, we sold approximately 81% of our new cars to existing Ferrari clients and 48% to clients being current owners of more than one Ferrari, which reinforces the demand for our cars and the image of luxury and exclusivity inher- ent in our brand. Our commitment to excellence and our pursuit of innovation, state-of-the-art performance and distinction in design and engineering in our luxury cars is inseparable from our commitment to integ- rity, transparency and responsibility in conducting our business. By fully integrating environmental and social considerations with economic objectives we are able to identify potential risks and capitalize on additional opportunities, resulting in a process of continuous improvement. Sustainability is a core element of our governance model and executive management plays a direct and active role in devel- oping and achieving our sustainability objectives under the direction of our Board of Directors. As a clear demonstration of this commitment, we have strengthened the integration of environmental top- ics in our strategic plan by presenting, in June 2022, a decarbonization strategy that will help us reach carbon neutrality by 2030. The foundation of a responsible company rests on being fully attentive to the nature and extent of this interconnection and our understanding of both the potential effects of our activities and how those effects can be mitigated through responsi- ble management. All of the above is strictly linked to our values: • INDIVIDUAL AND TEAM: Our talented individuals are our greatest resource. However, they can only pursue the extraordinary by working to- gether as a team. By fostering integrity, excel- lence and generosity, we give each of our people the possibility to express their own full potential - and to be part of something greater. • TRADITION AND INNOVATION: Tradition and in- novation drive each other. The ongoing quest for lasting firsts is what fuels the Ferrari legend. Our ability to combine revolutionary technological solutions with exceptional artisanal craftsman- ship is what enables us to create icons that stay timeless in a fast-changing world. • PASSION AND ACHIEVEMENT: Ferrari’s racing spirit lives on in emotions that transcend the road and the track, ultimately becoming an au- thentic attitude towards life. Nothing excites us more than setting ambitious targets and expec- tations - and then exceeding them, to push ev- ery boundary. It is how the power of passion be- comes the beauty of achievement. Ferrari audaciously redefines the limits of possible. To ensure tangible long-term value creation and a

[PAGE 21]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 21 BOARD REPORT continuing integration of our sustainability strategy, we place particular emphasis on: • a governance model based on transparency and integrity, fostering best practices; • a safe and environmentally conscious work- place including excellent working conditions and the utmost respect for human rights; • continuing professional development of our em- ployees; • mutually beneficial relationships with business partners and the communities in which we op- erate; and • mitigation of environmental impacts from our production processes and the luxury cars we produce, addressing direct and indirect GHG emissions, focusing on energy and materials, in addition to our electrification journey. RISK FACTORS We face a variety of risks and uncertainties in our business. Those described below are not the only risks and uncertainties that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe to be immaterial, may also become important factors that affect us. RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS, STRATEGY AND OPERATIONS WE MAY NOT SUCCEED IN PRESERVING AND ENHANCING THE VALUE OF THE FERRARI BRAND, WHICH WE DEPEND UPON TO DRIVE DEMAND AND REVENUES. Our financial performance is influenced by the per- ception and recognition of the Ferrari brand, which, in turn, depends on many factors such as the design, performance, quality and image of our cars, the suc- cess of our racing teams, the appeal of our dealer- ships and stores, the success of our promotional ac- tivities including public relations and marketing, as well as our general profile, including our brand’s im- age of exclusivity. The value of our brand and our abil- ity to achieve premium pricing for Ferrari-branded products may decline if we are unable to maintain the value and image of the Ferrari brand, including, in particular, its aura of exclusivity. Maintaining the val- ue of our brand will depend significantly on our abil- ity to continue to produce luxury performance cars of the highest quality. The market for luxury goods generally and for luxury automobiles in particular is intensely competitive, and we may not be successful in maintaining and strengthening the appeal of our brand. Client preferences, particularly among luxu- ry goods, can vary over time, sometimes rapidly. We are therefore exposed to changing perceptions of our brand image, particularly as we seek to attract new generations of clients and, to that end, we con- tinuously renovate and expand the range of our mod- els. For example, the expansion of hybrid engine and electric engine technology into our product portfolio may impact the overall driver experience compared to the combustion engine cars of our historical mod- els, and the long term response of our clients to these new technologies, particularly with respect to fully electric models, remains unknown. Any failure to pre- serve and enhance the value of our brand may mate- rially and adversely affect our ability to sell our cars, to maintain premium pricing, and to extend the value of our brand into other activities profitably or at all. More broadly, our lifestyle strategy will signifi- cantly increase the deployment of our brand in non-car products and experiences, including a large variety of Ferrari-branded accessories and apparel. If this strat- egy is not successful, our brand image may be diluted or tainted. We selectively license the Ferrari brand to third parties that produce and sell Ferrari-branded luxury goods and therefore we rely on our licensing partners to preserve and enhance the value of our brand. If our licensees or the manufacturers of these products do not maintain the standards of quality and exclusivity that we believe are consistent with the Ferrari brand, or if such licensees or manufacturers otherwise misuse the Ferrari brand, our reputation and the integrity and value of our brand may be dam- aged and our business, operating results and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. In addition, given the popularity, competitive- ness and demographic penetration of social media, Ferrari must maintain a presence on the principal established and emerging social media platforms. If we cannot cost effectively use these marketing tools, if we fail to promote our products and services efficiently and effectively or to properly comply with the applicable laws and regulations, or if our social media campaigns attract negative media attention or customer feedback, the value of our brand may be negatively impacted, as well as our results of operations. The popularity and reach of social media and other online platforms has also made it increas- ingly easier for individuals and groups to communi- cate and share opinions and views. Any negative or adverse publicity about us, whether or not truthful, could rapidly disseminate and harm customer and community perceptions as well as confidence in our brand and ultimately impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. IF WE ARE NOT ABLE TO ATTRACT AND RETAIN QUALIFIED PERSONNEL, WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO MAINTAIN OUR COMPETITIVE POSITION OR IMPLEMENT OUR BUSINESS STRATEGY. Our success depends, in part, on our continuing abil- ity to attract, recruit, develop and retain qualified tal- ent, as well as maintaining the right balance between internal resources and qualified suppliers to ensure flexibility in our business operations and the availabil- ity of the skills and expertise required. Failure to do so effectively would adversely affect our business.

[PAGE 22]
22 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F Competition to attract talented employees is intense, and there can be a limited availability of individuals with the requisite knowledge and relevant experi- ence. In addition, we may not succeed in instilling our corporate culture and values in our personnel and we may not be able to attract, assimilate, develop or retain qualified personnel in the future. Failure to do so could adversely affect our business, including our ability to execute our global business strategy. OUR BRAND IMAGE DEPENDS IN PART ON THE SUCCESS OF OUR RACING ACTIVITIES, PARTICULARLY OUR FORMULA 1 TEAM. The prestige, identity, and appeal of the Ferrari brand depends in part on the success of our rac- ing activities, which are a key component of our marketing strategy and may be perceived by our clients as a demonstration of the technological ca- pabilities of our cars, which also support the appeal of other Ferrari-branded luxury goods. In particu- lar, we are focused on improving the results of our Scuderia Ferrari racing team in the Formula 1 World Championship and restoring our historical position as the premier racing team in Formula 1, as our most recent Drivers’ Championship and Constructors’ Championship were in 2007 and 2008, respective- ly. If we are unable to attract and retain the neces- sary talent to succeed in international competitions or devote the capital necessary to fund successful racing activities, the value of the Ferrari brand and the appeal of our cars and other luxury goods may suffer. Even if we are able to attract such talent and adequately fund our racing activities, there is no as- surance that this will lead to competitive success for our racing teams. The success of our racing teams depends in par- ticular on our ability to attract and retain top drivers, racing team management and engineering talent. Our primary Formula 1 drivers, team managers and other key employees of Scuderia Ferrari are critical to the success of our Scuderia Ferrari racing team and if we were to lose their services, this could have a material adverse effect on our success and cor- respondingly the Ferrari brand. If we are unable to find adequate replacements or to attract, retain and incentivize drivers and team managers, other key employees or new qualified personnel, the success of our racing teams may suffer. In addition, the caps on spending imposed by the Formula 1 governing body may hinder our ability to restore our racing preeminence (See “Our revenues from Formula 1 activities may decline and our related expenses may grow”). Because the success of our racing teams forms a large part of our brand identity, a sustained period without racing success could detract from the Ferrari brand and, as a result, from potential clients’ enthusiasm for the Ferrari brand and their perception of our cars, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. IF WE ARE UNABLE TO KEEP UP WITH ADVANCES IN HIGH PERFORMANCE CAR TECHNOLOGY, OUR BRAND AND COMPETITIVE POSITION MAY SUFFER. Performance cars are characterized by lead- ing-edge technology that is constantly evolving. In particular, advances in racing technology often lead to improved technology in road cars. Although we invest heavily in research and development, we may be unable to maintain our leading position in high performance car technology and, as a result, our competitive position may suffer. As technologies change, we plan to upgrade or adapt our cars and introduce new models in order to continue to pro- vide cars with the latest technology. However, our cars may not compete effectively with our compet- itors’ cars if we are not able to develop, source and integrate the latest technology into our cars. For ex- ample, in the next few years we expect that luxury performance cars will increasingly transition to hy- brid and electric technology, albeit at a slower pace compared to mass market vehicles. See “The intro- duction of electric technology in our cars is costly and its long-term success is uncertain”. We are also investing in connectivity, which requires significant investments in research and development; we ex- pect that the future generation of cars will feature a higher degree of connectivity for purposes of info- tainment, safety and regulatory compliance. These in-car features may also in the near-to-medium term be driven by advances in artificial intelligence (or AI) which may need to be sourced externally and inte- grated into the car technology. Developing or acquiring and applying new auto- motive technologies is costly, and may become even more costly in the future as available technology advances and competition in the industry increases. If our research and development efforts do not lead to improvements in car performance relative to our competitors, or if we are required to spend more to achieve comparable results, the sales of our cars or our profitability may suffer. IF OUR CARS DO NOT PERFORM AS EXPECTED OUR ABILITY TO DEVELOP, MARKET AND SELL OUR CARS COULD BE HARMED. Our cars may contain defects in design and manu- facture that may cause them not to perform as ex- pected or that may require repair. There can be no assurance that we will be able to detect and fix any defects in the cars prior to their sale to consumers. Our cars may not perform in line with our clients’ evolving expectations or in a manner that equals or exceeds the performance characteristics of oth- er cars currently available. For example, our newer cars may not have the durability or longevity of cur- rent cars, and may not be as easy to repair as other cars currently on the market. Any product defects or any other failure of our performance cars to per- form as expected could harm our reputation and result in adverse publicity, lost revenue, delivery de-

[PAGE 23]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 23 BOARD REPORT lays, product recalls, product liability claims, harm to our brand and reputation, and significant warranty and other expenses, and could have a material ad- verse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. IF OUR CAR DESIGNS DO NOT APPEAL TO CLIENTS, OUR BRAND AND COMPETITIVE POSITION MAY SUFFER. Design and styling are an integral component of our models and our brand. Our cars have historically been characterized by distinctive designs combin- ing the aerodynamics of a sports car with powerful, elegant lines. We believe our clients purchase our cars for their appearance as well as their perfor- mance. However, we will need to renew over time the style of our cars to differentiate the new mod- els we produce from older models, and to reflect the broader evolution of aesthetics in our markets. Through the Ferrari Design Centre, our in-house de- sign team, we devote great efforts to the design of our cars. The design of our electric cars and, more generally, of our future models with increased con- nectivity features will depart from past designs in appearance and functionality, thereby requiring new skills and presenting new challenges. If the de- sign of our future models fails to meet the evolving tastes and preferences of our clients and prospec- tive clients, or the appreciation of the wider pub- lic, our brand may suffer and our sales may be ad- versely affected. THE INTRODUCTION OF ELECTRIC TECHNOLOGY IN OUR CARS IS COSTLY AND ITS LONG-TERM SUCCESS IS UNCERTAIN. We are gradually introducing electric technology in our cars and we currently plan to launch the first full electric Ferrari in the fourth quarter of 2025. In accordance with our strategy, we believe elec- tric technology, together with hybrid and other ad- vanced technologies, will be key to providing con- tinuing performance upgrades to our sports car customers, and will also help us capture the prefer- ences of the urban, affluent car purchasers whom we are increasingly targeting, while helping us meet increasingly stricter emissions requirements. The integration of electric technology more broadly into our car portfolio over time may pres- ent challenges and costs. Although we expect to continue pricing our cars appropriately to recoup the investments and expenditures we are making to integrate electric and other advanced technologies into our cars, we cannot be certain that these expen- ditures will be fully recovered or that they will be recovered with our desired margins. In addition, this transformation of our car technology may create risks and uncertainties with respect to the impact on driver experience and the potential obsolescence of core components which in turn may affect the residual value of our cars over time. Other manufac- turers of luxury sports cars may be more success- ful in implementing electric technology. In the long- term, although we believe that combustion engines will continue to be fundamental to the Ferrari driver experience for the foreseeable future, hybrid and pure electric cars may become the prevalent tech- nology for performance sports cars. See also “If we are unable to keep up with advances in high perfor- mance car technology, our brand and competitive position may suffer”. Because electric technology is a core compo- nent of our strategy, and in the medium term we plan to increase the portion of our shipments that feature vehicles with electric technology, if the introduction of electric cars proves too costly or is unsuccessful in the market, our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. NEW OR CHANGING LAWS, REGULATIONS OR POLICIES OF GOVERNMENTAL ORGANIZATIONS REGARDING, AMONG OTHER THINGS, INCREASED FUEL ECONOMY REQUIREMENTS, REDUCED GREENHOUSE GAS OR POLLUTANT EMISSIONS, VEHICLE SAFETY, OR CONNECTIVITY REQUIREMENTS MAY HAVE A SIGNIFICANT EFFECT ON OUR COSTS OF OPERATION AND/OR HOW WE DO BUSINESS. We are subject throughout the world to comprehen- sive and constantly evolving laws, regulations and policies. We expect the extent of the legal and regu- latory requirements affecting our business and our costs of compliance to continue to increase signifi- cantly in the future. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulatory requirements, in addition to the fines it may attract, may negatively impact our busi- ness, results of operations and financial condition as well as our reputation. In Europe and the United States, for example, sig- nificant governmental regulation is driven by envi- ronmental, fuel economy, vehicle safety, noise emis- sion and connectivity concerns. Evolving regulatory requirements could significantly affect our prod- uct development plans and may limit the number and types of cars we sell and where we sell them, which may affect our revenue and profitability. Governmental regulations may increase the costs we incur to design, develop and produce our cars and may affect our product portfolio. Regulation may also result in a change in the character or per- formance characteristics of our cars, which may render them less appealing to our clients. We antici- pate that the number and extent of these regulations, and their effect on our cost structure and product line-up, will increase significantly in the future. In the United States, there has been increas- ing focus on emissions and pollution regulations in recent years. New regulations are in the process of being developed, and many existing and potential regulatory initiatives are subject to review by federal or state agencies or the courts. However, the recent change in the administration introduces consider-

[PAGE 24]
24 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F able uncertainty on future changes. In April 2024, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) released its Multi Pollutant Emissions Standards for Model Years 2027 and Later Light Duty and Medium Light Vehicles final rule, introducing, among other requirements, stricter emission standards (e.g., particulate matter). While several special provisions for SVMs have been retained from the initial 2023 proposal, the GHG alternative standards have been completely eliminated from the adopted rules. In addition, we are subject to legislation relat- ing to the emission of other air pollutants such as, among others, the EU “Euro 6” standards and Real Driving Emissions (RDE) standards, the “Tier 3” Motor Vehicle Emission and Fuel Standards issued by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”), and the Zero Emission Vehicle regulation in California, which are subject to similar derogations for Small Volume Manufacturers (“SVMs”). We lost our status as an SVM for the United States National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (“NHTSA”) in 2019, because our global production exceeded 10,000 vehicles, but we have not lost our SVM status for EU CO2 regulations or for EPA GHG regulations in the United States. In 2022, 2023, and 2024 our global production exceeded 10,000 vehicles again and therefore we were no longer considered a SVM by the NHTSA for the model years 2022, 2023 and 2024. We purchased the fuel economy (“CAFE”) credits needed to fulfill our 2022 and 2023 deficits and we are currently evaluating the purchase of credits for 2024. We expect to continue to purchase credits in the coming years if required. We could lose our sta- tus as an SVM in the EU, the United States and other countries if we do not continue to meet all of the necessary eligibility criteria under applicable regu- lations as they evolve, not only in relation to volumes but also in relation to the conditions of operational independence. In order to meet these criteria we may need to modify our growth plans or other oper- ations. Furthermore, even if we continue to benefit from derogations as an SVM, we may have a sub- stantial impact on our financial results. As the state of California has been granted special authority under the Clean Air Act to set its own vehicle emission standards, the California Air Resources Board (“CARB”) enacted regulations under which manufacturers of vehicles for cer- tain model years that are in compliance with the EPA greenhouse gas emissions regulations are also deemed to be in compliance with California’s greenhouse gas emission regulations (the so-called “deemed to comply” provision). These regulations have evolved over time. In 2018, the CARB amended its existing regulations to clarify that the “deemed to comply” provision would not be available for certain model years if the EPA standards for those years were altered via an amendment of federal regula- tions and, in 2019, EPA announced a decision to with- draw California’s waiver of preemption under the Clean Air Act. In this decision, the EPA also affirmed the NHTSA’s authority to set nationally applicable regulatory standards under the preemption pro- visions of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (EPCA). On March 9, 2022, the EPA rescinded its with- drawal of the waiver for California’s light-duty vehi-

[PAGE 25]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 25 BOARD REPORT cle GHG and zero emission vehicle (ZEV) standards. California and Section 177 states may again enforce those standards. Subsequently, CARB clarified that the compliance with CARB’s GHG regulations is expected from model year 2021 for all manufactur- ers. Ferrari meets the requirements to be classified as an SVM based on the relevant regulations in the state of California. Therefore, in 2023, in agreement with CARB, Ferrari petitioned for SVM 2021-2025 alternative standards. In July 2024, we received offi- cial approval from CARB. It may be necessary also to increase the number of tests to be performed in order to follow the CARB specific procedures. In relation to the safety legislation framework, in 2024, NHTSA published a new regulation on Automatic Emergency Braking Systems, requir- ing vehicles to be equipped with systems that alert drivers of imminent collisions and automatically apply brakes if necessary. Additionally, NHTSA pub- lished an advanced notice of proposed rulemaking as a first regulatory step to introduce a new Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards (“FMVSS”) regula- tion providing requirements for pedestrian protec- tion. These regulatory updates will likely introduce US-specific requirements, compelling manufactur- ers to develop tailored design solutions. The costs of compliance associated with these and similar rulemaking may be substantial. Other governments around the world, such as those in Canada, South Korea, China and certain Middle Eastern countries, are also creating new pol- icies to address these issues which could be even more stringent than the U.S. or European require- ments. As in the United States and Europe, these government policies if applied to us could signifi- cantly affect our product development plans. Under these existing regulations, as well as new or stricter rules or policies, we could be subject to sizable civil penalties or have to restrict or modify product offerings drastically to remain in compliance. We may have to incur substantial capital expenditures and research and development expenditures to upgrade products and manufacturing facilities, which would have an impact on our cost of produc- tion and results of operations. In the future, the advent of self-driving technol- ogy may result in regulatory changes that we cannot predict but may include limitations or bans on human driving in specific areas. In 2020 the European Commission issued its new digital strategy policies and in 2022 its new digital strategy, which represent a priority in the European Commission’s regulatory agenda. Although no regulations have been issued in this regard, the European Commission has showed a determination to strengthen Europe’s digital sov- ereignty and role as a standard setter, with a clear focus on data, technology, and infrastructure. In June 2024, the European Union adopted the Artificial Intelligence Act (“AI Act”), setting harmo- nized rules for trustworthy AI development and use across the EU. This legislation could be particu- larly relevant to the automotive sector, influencing the development of self-driving technologies and advanced driver-assistance systems. . Similarly, driving bans on combustion engine vehicles could be imposed, particularly in metro-

[PAGE 26]
26 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F politan areas, as a result of progress in electric and hybrid technology. Several other regulations are also emerging to take into account the non-exhaust emissions such as brakes and tires particulate emis- sions and the environmental impact of the electric and hybrid vehicles components, with a particular focus on batteries and waste batteries. In July 2024, the European Union adopted the Ecodesign for Sustainable Products Regulation (“ESPR”) setting new standards for product sus- tainability, ensuring that products sold in the EU are designed with environmental considerations. While Ferrari already aims to design cars with durability, recyclability, and energy efficiency, this regulation will introduce additional requirements, including the implementation of enhanced transparency mea- sures (e.g., a digital product passport). In the evolving regulatory landscape, we antic- ipate new regulations restricting or banning the use of materials critical to our production. The EU is expanding its regulatory framework for chemicals as part of its zero-pollution goal under the European Green Deal. This includes new rules to enhance the circularity of the automotive sector and extend manufacturers’ responsibility for end-of-life vehi- cle management. Such regulatory shifts may sig- nificantly impact material choices in our business, necessitating substantial R&D efforts. We expect these changes to lead to significantly increased costs and potential adjustments to our supply chain. Furthermore, we are observing a general fragmen- tation of requirements both globally and within mar- kets (e.g., individual states in the United States), which could further complicate operational efficiency. To comply with current and future environmen- tal rules in all markets in which we sell our cars, we may have to incur substantial capital expendi- ture and research and development expenditure to upgrade products and manufacturing facilities, which would have an impact on our cost of produc- tion and results of operations. For a description of the regulations referred to in the paragraphs above please see “Overview of Our Business—Regulatory Matters”. WE DEPEND ON OUR SUPPLIERS, MANY OF WHICH ARE SINGLE SOURCE SUPPLIERS; AND IF THESE SUPPLIERS FAIL TO DELIVER NECESSARY RAW MATERIALS, COMPONENTS, PARTS, SYSTEMS, SERVICES OR INFRASTRUCTURE OF APPROPRIATE QUALITY IN A TIMELY MANNER, OUR OPERATIONS MAY BE DISRUPTED. Our business depends on a significant number of suppliers that provide the raw materials, compo- nents, parts, systems, services and infrastructure we require to manufacture cars and parts and to op- erate our business, and some of these suppliers may face financial difficulties as a result of the ongoing transformation and challenges in the global automo- tive industry. We use a variety of raw materials in our business, including aluminum, and precious metals such as palladium and rhodium. We source materi- als from a limited number of suppliers. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to maintain access to these raw materials, and in some cases this access may be affected by factors outside of our control and the control of our suppliers. In addition, prices for these raw materials fluctuate and while we seek to manage this exposure, we may not be successful in mitigating these risks. As with raw materials, we are also at risk of supply disruption and shortages in parts and components we purchase for use in our cars. We source a vari- ety of key components from third parties, including transmissions, brakes, driving-safety systems, navi- gation systems, mechanical, electrical and electronic parts, plastic components as well as castings and tires, which makes us dependent upon the suppliers of such components. In coming years, we will also require a greater number of components for hybrid and electric engines as we continue to deploy hybrid and electric technology in our cars, and we expect producers of these components will be called upon to increase the levels of supply as the shift to hybrid or electric technology gathers pace in the industry. While we obtain components from multiple sources whenever possible, similar to other small volume car manufacturers, most of the key components we use in our cars are purchased by us from single source suppliers. We generally do not qualify alternative sources for most of the single-sourced components we use in our cars and we do not maintain long- term agreements with a number of our suppliers. Furthermore, we have limited ability to monitor the financial stability of our suppliers. While we believe that we may be able to estab- lish alternate supply relationships and can obtain or engineer replacement components for our sin- gle-sourced components, we may be unable to do so in the short term, or at all, at prices or costs that we believe are reasonable. Qualifying alternate sup- pliers or developing our own replacements for cer- tain highly customized components of our cars may be time consuming, costly and may force us to make costly modifications to the designs of our cars. Moreover, as the lifecycle of several compo- nents becomes shorter in light of the technological shift affecting the industry, a number of the com- ponents we use in our production processes may become in the near term obsolete, which will require us to implement new procurement strategies. Those strategies may not be successful and we may not be able to source new components in a timely manner or at competitive prices, and our results of opera- tions may be adversely affected. In the past, we have replaced certain suppliers because they failed to provide components that met our quality control standards. The loss of any single or limited source supplier or the disruption in the supply of components from these suppliers could lead to delays in car deliveries to our clients, which could adversely affect our relationships with our clients and also materially and adversely affect our

[PAGE 28]
28 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F operating results and financial condition. The supply of raw materials, parts and components may also be disrupted or interrupted by natural disasters, or by unexpected fluctuations in market demand and supply, such as the global shortage of semiconduc- tors that impacted the automotive industry in par- ticular, lastly in 2021. If any major disasters occur, such as earthquakes, fires, floods, hurricanes, wars, terrorist attacks, pandemics or other events, our supply chain may be disrupted, which may stop or delay production and shipment of our cars. The ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the recognition by Russia of the independence of the self-proclaimed republics of Donetsk and Luhansk, in the Donbas region of Ukraine and the resulting geopolitical tensions have had a significant impact on the global economy in recent periods resulting in a sharp increase in energy prices and higher prices for certain raw materials and goods and services, which in turn contributed to higher inflation globally. The conflict continues and the timing of any resolu- tion is highly uncertain. Many governments around the world, including those of the United States, the European Union and Japan, have imposed sanctions on certain industry sectors and parties in Russia and the regions of Donetsk and Luhansk, as well as enhanced export controls on certain industries and products, including luxury goods, and the exclu- sion of certain Russian financial institutions from the SWIFT system. These and any additional sanc- tions and export controls, as well as any counter- responses by the governments of Russia or other jurisdictions, could adversely affect, directly or indi- rectly, our supply chain, with negative implications on the availability and prices of raw materials, and our customers, as well as the global financial mar- kets and financial services industry. See also “We are subject to risks related to epidemics, pandemics or other public health crises that may materially and adversely affect our business” for a discussion of widespread public health crises which may affect our supply chain directly or indirectly. Changes in our supply chain have in the past resulted and may in the future result in increased costs and delays in car production. We have also experienced cost increases from certain suppli- ers in order to meet our quality targets and devel- opment timelines and because of design changes that we have made, and we may experience similar cost increases in the future. We are negotiating with existing suppliers for cost reductions, seeking new and less expensive suppliers for certain parts, and attempting to redesign certain parts to make them less expensive to produce. If we are unsuccessful in our efforts to control and reduce supplier costs while maintaining a stable source of high-quality sup- plies, our operating results will suffer. Additionally, cost reduction efforts may disrupt our normal pro- duction processes, thereby harming the quality or volume of our production. Furthermore, if our suppliers fail to provide components in a timely manner or at the level of quality necessary to manufacture our cars, our cli- ents may face longer waiting periods which could result in negative publicity, harm our reputation and relationship with clients and have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. OUR LOW VOLUME STRATEGY MAY LIMIT POTENTIAL PROFITS, AND IF VOLUMES INCREASE OUR BRAND EXCLUSIVITY MAY BE ERODED. A key to the appeal of the Ferrari brand and our mar- keting strategy is the aura of exclusivity and the sense of luxury which our brand conveys. A central facet to this exclusivity is the limited number of models and cars we produce and our strategy of maintaining our car waiting lists to reach the optimal combina- tion of exclusivity and client service. Our low volume strategy is also an important factor in the prices that our clients are willing to pay for our cars. This focus on maintaining exclusivity limits our potential sales growth and profits compared to manufacturers less reliant on the exclusivity of their products. On the other hand, our current growth strategy contemplates a measured increase in shipments above current levels as we target a larger customer base and modes of use, we increase our focus on reaching a younger customer base and creating new Ferrari collectors, and our product portfo- lio evolves with a broader product range. We sold 13,752, 13,663 and 13,221 cars in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, compared to 7,255 cars in 2014, the year before our initial public offering, and sales are expected to continue to increase gradually in line with our low volume strategy. In pursuit of our strategy, we may be unable to maintain the exclusivity of the Ferrari brand. If we are unable to balance brand exclusivity with increased production, we may erode the desirabil- ity and ultimately the consumer demand or relative pricing for our cars. As a result, if we are unable to increase car production meaningfully or introduce new car models without eroding the image of exclu- sivity in our brand we may be unable to significantly increase our revenues. THE SMALL NUMBER OF CAR MODELS WE PRODUCE AND SELL MAY RESULT IN GREATER VOLATILITY IN OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS. We depend on the sales of a small number of car models to generate our revenues. Our current prod- uct portfolio consists of seven Range models, three Special Series models, one strictly limited edition Icona model and our latest Supercar. Despite our expanded offering, a limited number of models will continue to account for a large portion of our rev- enues at any given time in the foreseeable future, compared to other automakers. Therefore, a single unsuccessful new model would harm us more than it would other automakers. There can be no assur- ance that our cars will continue to be successful in

[PAGE 29]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 29 BOARD REPORT the market, or that we will be able to launch new mod- els on a timely basis compared to our competitors. It generally takes several years from the beginning of the development phase to the start of production for a new model and the car development process is capital intensive. As a result, we would likely be un- able to replace quickly the revenue lost from one of our main car models if it does not achieve market acceptance. Furthermore, our revenues and prof- its may also be affected by our Special Series and limited edition models (including the Icona limited editions and supercars) that we launch from time to time and which are typically priced higher than our range models. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in developing, producing and mar- keting additional new cars (including our Special Series and limited edition models) to sustain sales growth in the future. OUR CONTROLLED GROWTH STRATEGY EXPOSES US TO RISKS. Our growth strategy includes a controlled expansion of our sales and operations, including the launch- ing of new car models and expanding sales, as well as dealer operations and workshops, in targeted growth regions internationally. In particular, our growth strategy includes the opportunity for us to expand operations in regions and markets that we have identified as having relatively high growth po- tential. We may encounter difficulties in entering and establishing ourselves in these markets, including in establishing new successful dealership networks and facing more significant competition from com- petitors that are already present in those regions. Our growth depends on the continued suc- cess of our existing cars, as well as the successful introduction of new cars. Our ability to create new cars and to sustain existing car models is affected by whether we can successfully anticipate and respond to consumer preferences and car trends. The failure to develop successful new cars or delays in their launch that could result in others bringing new products and leading-edge technologies to the market first, could compromise our competi- tive position and hinder the growth of our business. As part of our growth strategy, we broadened the range of our models to capture additional customer demand for different types of vehicles and modes of utilization. Since the start of 2023 we launched 8 new models. In addition, we are gradually but rapidly expanding the use of hybrid and electric technol- ogy in our road cars as we broaden and expand our product portfolio. In 2024, hybrid-engine cars rep- resented 51.3 percent of our shipments, represent- ing the majority of our shipments for the first time. While we will seek to ensure that these changes remain fully consistent with the Ferrari car identity, we cannot be certain that they will prove profitable and commercially successful. Our controlled growth strategy may expose us to new business risks that we may not have the ex- pertise, capability or the systems to manage. This strategy will also place significant demands on us by requiring us to continuously evolve and improve our operational, financial and internal controls. Continued expansion also increases the challenges involved in maintaining high levels of quality, manage- ment and client satisfaction, recruiting, training and retaining sufficiently skilled management, technical and marketing personnel. If we are unable to man- age these risks or meet these demands, our growth prospects and our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. We continuously improve our international net- work footprint and skill set. We also plan to open additional retail stores in international markets for our lifestyle activities. We do not yet have signifi- cant experience directly operating in many of these markets, and in many of them we face established competitors. Many of these countries have different operational characteristics, including but not limited to employment and labor, transportation, logistics, real estate, environmental regulations and local reporting or legal requirements. Consumer demand and behavior, as well as tastes and purchasing trends may differ in these markets, and as a result, sales of our products may not be successful, or the margins on those sales may not be in line with those we currently anticipate. Furthermore, such markets will have upfront short- term investment costs that may not be accompa- nied by sufficient revenues to achieve typical or expected operational and financial performance and therefore may be dilutive to us in the short- term. In many of these countries, there is significant competition to attract and retain experienced and talented employees. Consequently, if our international expansion plans are unsuccessful, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materi- ally adversely affected. GLOBAL ECONOMIC CONDITIONS AND MACRO EVENTS, AS WELL AS TRADING POLICIES AND TARIFFS, MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT US. Our sales volumes and revenues may be affect- ed by overall general economic conditions with- in the various countries in which we operate. Deteriorating general economic conditions may affect disposable incomes and reduce consumer wealth impacting client demand, particularly for luxury goods, which may negatively impact our profitability and put downward pressure on our prices and volumes. Furthermore, during reces- sionary periods, social acceptability of luxury pur- chases may decrease and higher taxes may be more likely to be imposed on certain luxury goods including our cars, which may affect our sales. Adverse economic conditions may also affect the financial health and performance of our dealers in a manner that will affect sales of our cars or their ability to meet their commitments to us.

[PAGE 30]
30 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F The luxury performance car market is generally affected by global macroeconomic conditions and many factors affect the level of consumer spending in the luxury performance car industry, including the state of the economy as a whole, stock market per- formance, interest and exchange rates, inflation, po- litical uncertainty, the availability of consumer credit, tax rates, unemployment levels and other matters that influence consumer confidence. In general, al- though our sales have historically been compara- tively resilient in periods of economic turmoil, sales of luxury goods tend to decline during recessionary periods when the level of disposable income tends to be lower or when consumer confidence is low. In 2024, the global luxury industry experienced a nota- ble slow down which may continue in 2025. Inflation recorded in 2023 was more moderate than in 2022, and inflation levels in 2024 continued to decrease. If inflation remains elevated or increases in the fu- ture we could face further increases in the costs we incur for raw materials, utilities or services, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations if we are not able to pass on the in- creased costs to our customers or successfully im- plement other mitigating actions. Following the rise in inflation, several main central banks raised inter- est rates rapidly over the course of 2022 and part of 2023. While certain central banks now appear to fol- low a softer monetary stance, a higher cost of bor- rowing compared to recent historical periods may persist in the market. Such increases could impact our ability to obtain affordable financing or could make our cars less affordable to clients, which could cause consumers to delay the purchase of our cars or to purchase less expensive cars. We distribute our products internationally and we may be affected by downturns in general eco- nomic conditions or uncertainties regarding future economic prospects that may impact the countries in which we sell a significant portion of our prod- ucts. In particular, the majority of our current sales are in Europe and in the United States; if we are unable to expand in other growth markets, a down- turn in mature economies such as Europe and the United States may negatively affect our financial performance. In addition, uncertainties regarding future trade arrangements and industrial policies in various countries or regions create additional macroeconomic risk. In the United States, any pol- icy to discourage imports into the United States of vehicles produced elsewhere could adversely affect our operations and the U.S. administration has announced its intention to conduct systematic reviews of existing tariffs and other trade mea- sures and, in February 2025, has issued proclama- tions directing the U.S. Secretary of Commerce to broadly adjust tariffs on certain raw materials and imported goods, including cars. In 2024, the United States represented 25 percent of our shipments and 29 percent of our revenues from cars and spare parts. Following 2024 elections in the United States and Europe, and in view of upcoming global elec- tions, there is heightened uncertainty regarding the potential imposition of tariffs and other trade barri- ers or protectionist industrial policies; such uncer- tainty may, in turn, negatively impact global trade and macroeconomic conditions and increase costs for producers and consumers. Governments may turn to trade barriers to protect their domestic indus- tries against foreign imports, retaliate against pro- tective trade measures imposed by other countries, or manage economic conditions such as currency deflation. It is unknown whether and to what extent other new tariffs (or other new laws or regulations) will be adopted, or the effect that any such actions would have on us, our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as on our industry, or on the purchase ability of consumers globally. In general, the banking, economic and monetary crisis, as well as the escalating energy prices triggered by the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, as well as conflicts elsewhere in the world (including the conflict between Israel and Hamas, which has led to wider conflicts in the Middle East region and has the potential to escalate further), may reduce customers’ interest for, and financial ability to buy, luxury products. Although Mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan only represented 8 percent of our net revenues in 2024 and is expected to represent a limited proportion of our growth in the short term, slowing economic conditions in Mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan may adversely affect our revenues in that region. A significant decline in the global economy or in the specific economies of our markets, or in consumers’ confidence, could have a material adverse effect on our business. See also “Developments in growth markets may adversely affect our business”. Additionally, sanctions and export controls which could be introduced as a result of changes in governments (such as in the United States), geopo- litical tensions and conflicts could adversely affect, directly or indirectly, our supply chain and custom- ers, as well as the global financial markets and finan- cial services industry. See also “We depend on our suppliers, many of which are single source suppliers; and if these suppliers fail to deliver necessary raw materials, components, parts, systems, services or infrastructure of appropriate quality in a timely man- ner, our operations may be disrupted”. WE ARE SUBJECT TO RISKS RELATED TO EPIDEMICS, PANDEMICS OR OTHER PUBLIC HEALTH CRISES THAT MAY MATERIALLY AND ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS. Public health crises such as epidemics, pandemics or similar outbreaks could adversely impact our business. For instance, from 2020 to 2022, the global spread of COVID-19, including variants thereof, led to governments around the world mandating in- creasingly restrictive measures to contain the pan- demic and caused significant disruption to the global economy, including changes in consumer spending

[PAGE 31]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 31 BOARD REPORT and behavior, disruption to supply chains and finan- cial markets, as well as restrictions on business and individual activities. This led to a global economic slowdown and a severe recession in several of the markets in which we operate, which may reverber- ate after all restrictions are lifted. Our operations were also profoundly disrupted, with our produc- tion suspended at our two plants for several weeks in 2020, and our suppliers and dealers were similar- ly affected. Governmental restrictions were lifted and partly reintroduced reflecting developments in the pandemic. Future pandemics may have similar, or worse, impacts on our operations. Furthermore, pandemics or other widespread public health crises may lead to financial distress for our suppliers or dealers, as a result of which they may have to permanently discontinue or substan- tially reduce their operations. Any of the foregoing could limit customer demand or our capacity to meet customer demand and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Pandemics or other widespread public health crises may also exacerbate other risks disclosed in this section, including, but not limited to, our com- petitiveness, demand for our products, shifting consumer preferences, exchange rate fluctuations, customers’ and dealers’ access to affordable financ- ing, and credit market conditions affecting the avail- ability of capital and financial resources. WE FACE COMPETITION IN THE LUXURY PERFORMANCE CAR INDUSTRY. We face competition in all product categories and markets in which we operate. We compete with oth- er international luxury performance car manufac- turers which own and operate well-known brands of high-quality cars, some of which form part of larger automotive groups and may have greater financial resources and bargaining power with suppliers than we do, particularly in light of our policy to maintain low volumes in order to preserve and enhance the exclusivity of our cars. In addition, several other man- ufacturers have recently entered or are attempting to enter the upper end of the luxury performance car market, including with advanced electric tech- nology, thereby increasing competition. We believe that we compete primarily on the basis of our brand image, the performance and design of our cars, our reputation for quality and the driving experience for our customers. If we are unable to compete success- fully, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. OUR BUSINESS IS SUBJECT TO CHANGES IN CLIENT PREFERENCES AND TRENDS IN THE AUTOMOTIVE AND LUXURY INDUSTRIES. Our continued success depends in part on our abili- ty to originate and define products and trends in the automotive and luxury industries, as well as to antic- ipate and respond promptly to changing consum- er demands and automotive trends in the design, styling, technology, production, merchandising and pricing of our products. Our products must appeal to a client base whose preferences cannot be pre- dicted with certainty and are subject to rapid change. Evaluating and responding to client preferences has become even more complex in recent years, due to our expansion in new geographical markets. The in- troduction of hybrid and electric technology and the associated changes in customer preferences that may follow are also a challenge we will face in future periods. See also “If we are unable to keep up with advances in high performance car technology, our brand and competitive position may suffer” and “The introduction of electric technology in our cars is cost- ly and its long-term success is uncertain”. In addition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to pro- duce, distribute and market new products efficiently or that any product category that we may expand or introduce will achieve sales levels sufficient to gen- erate profits. Furthermore, this risk is particularly pronounced as we expand in accordance with our strategy into adjacent segments of the luxury indus- try, where we do not have a level of experience and market presence comparable to the one we have in the automotive industry. Any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, re- sults of operations and financial condition. DEMAND FOR LUXURY GOODS, INCLUDING LUXURY PERFORMANCE CARS, IS VOLATILE, WHICH MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR OPERATING RESULTS. Volatility of demand for luxury goods, in particular luxury performance cars, may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. The market in which we sell our cars is subject to volatility in demand. Demand for luxury automobiles depends to a large extent on general, economic, po- litical and social conditions in a given market as well as the introduction of new vehicles and technologies. Global economic growth slowed sharply in 2022, sta- bilized in 2023 and 2024, and the outlook for 2025 is uncertain. Global demand for luxury good decreased in 2024. As a luxury performance car manufacturer and low volume producer, we compete with larg- er automobile manufacturers many of which have greater financial resources in order to withstand changes in the market and disruptions in demand. Demand for our cars may also be affected by fac- tors directly impacting the cost of purchasing and operating automobiles, such as the availability and cost of financing, prices of raw materials and parts and components, fuel costs and governmental reg- ulations, including tariffs, import regulation and oth- er taxes, including taxes on luxury goods, resulting in limitations to the use of high performance sports cars or luxury goods more generally. Volatility in de- mand may lead to lower car unit sales, which may result in downward price pressure and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial

[PAGE 32]
32 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F condition. The impact of a luxury market downturn may be particularly pronounced for the most expen- sive among our car models, which generate a more than proportionate amount of our profits, therefore exacerbating the impact on our results. In addition, these effects may have a more pronounced impact on us given our low volume strategy and relatively smaller scale as compared to large global mass-mar- ket automobile manufacturers. THE DEMAND FOR OUR CARS AND THE VALUE OF OUR BRAND DEPEND IN PART ON THE VALUE OF OUR VEHICLES OVER TIME AND THE AUTOMOBILE COLLECTOR AND ENTHUSIAST COMMUNITY. An important factor in the connection of clients to the Ferrari brand is our strong relationship with the global community of automotive collectors and en- thusiasts, particularly collectors and enthusiasts of Ferrari automobiles. This is influenced by our close ties to the automotive collectors’ community and our support of related events such as car shows and driving events, including those held at our head- quarters in Maranello and through our dealers, as well as our Ferrari museums and our affiliations with regional Ferrari clubs. The support of this com- munity also depends upon the perception of our cars as collectibles, which we also support through our Ferrari Classiche services, and the profitable resale market for our automobiles which encourag- es interest over the long-term. The increase in the number of cars we produce relative to the number of automotive collectors and purchasers in the sec- ondary market may adversely affect the value of our cars as collectible items and their value in the sec- ondary market more broadly. Additionally, the shift to hybrid and electric engine models may impact the residual value of our cars if secondary purchases occur at higher discounts compared to our ICE mod- els historically. The recent trend of our customers to increase the personalization content of our new vehicles may also adversely affect their residual val- ue, because personalized content depreciates sub- stantially with change of ownership. Furthermore, our focus on continuously integrating advanced technologies into our cars may increase their risk of obsolescence, both of which could adversely impact the demand for our cars and our brand image. If there is a change in collector appetite or dam- age to the Ferrari brand, our ties to, and the support we receive from, this community may be diminished. Such a loss of enthusiasm for our cars from the automotive collectors’ community could adversely impact our sales and profitability and harm the per- ception of the Ferrari brand. WE DEPEND ON OUR MANUFACTURING FACILITIES IN MARANELLO AND MODENA. We assemble all of the cars that we sell and manu- facture, and all of the engines we use in our cars, at our production facility in Maranello, Italy, where we also have our corporate headquarters. We manu- facture all of our car chassis in a nearby facility in Modena, Italy. Our Maranello or Modena plants could become unavailable either permanently or tempo- rarily for a number of reasons, including contamina- tion, power shortage or labor unrest. Alternatively, changes in law and regulation, including export, tax and employment laws and regulations, or econom- ic conditions, including wage inflation, could make it uneconomic for us to continue manufacturing our cars in Italy. In the event that we were unable to continue production at either of these facilities or it became uneconomic for us to continue to do so, we would need to seek alternative manufacturing ar- rangements which would take time and reduce our ability to produce sufficient cars to meet demand. Moving manufacturing to other locations may also affect the perception of our brand and car quality among our clients. Such a transfer would materially reduce our revenues and could require significant investment, which as a result could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of opera- tions and financial condition. Maranello and Modena are located in the Emilia- Romagna region of Italy which has the potential for seismic activity. For instance, in 2012 a major earth- quake struck the region, causing production at our facilities to be temporarily suspended for one day. If major disasters such as earthquakes, fires, floods, hurricanes, wars, terrorist attacks, pandemics or other events occur, our headquarters and produc- tion facilities may be seriously damaged, or we may stop or delay production and shipment of our cars. Such damage from disasters or unpredictable events could have a material adverse impact on our busi- ness, results from operations and financial condition. WE ARE SUBJECT TO RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CLIMATE CHANGE AND OTHER ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACTS, AS WELL AS AN INCREASED FOCUS OF REGULATORS AND STAKEHOLDERS ON ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS. Global climate change is resulting, and is expected to continue to result, in natural disasters and extreme weather, such as drought, wildfires, storms, sea-lev- el rise, flooding, heat waves and cold waves, occur- ring more frequently or with greater intensity. Such extreme events are driving changes in market dy- namics, stakeholder expectations, local, national and international climate change policies and regulations. We are subject to climate-related risks where we conduct our business. Physical impacts of climate change, including natural disasters and adverse weather, could result in disruptions to us, our sup- pliers, vendors, customers and logistics hubs. These risks may also exacerbate other risks disclosed in this “Risk Factors” section, including but not limited to, our competitiveness, demand for our products, shift- ing consumer preferences, availability and price of raw materials, and concentration of our production activities in Maranello and Modena.

[PAGE 33]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 33 BOARD REPORT The global automotive industry in particular is cur- rently experiencing significant developments due to an increased focus on climate change and evolv- ing regulatory requirements relating to fuel effi- ciency, electrification and greenhouse gas emis- sions, among others. These evolving requirements and technological changes have caused us, and are expected to continue to cause us, to adapt and change certain aspects of our operations, our fu- ture plans and strategies and the allocation of our resources. Failure to effectively manage these as- pects may result in increased costs, reputational risks, limits in our ability to manufacture or market certain of our products, or otherwise negatively im- pact our business, results of operations, profitabili- ty and competitive position. We have implemented many initiatives con- nected to our manufacturing and operating pro- cesses, including our facilities, covering Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. Scope 3 Cradle to Gate emissions (indirect upstream GHG emissions) con- sist mainly of raw materials, manufacturing equip- ment for road cars and inbound logistics thus the leverage to reduce emissions are mainly managed by our supply chain. If the measures we have put in place are less successful than expected, or if we are unable to assist our current and future business partners in reducing their carbon footprint or to identify and select lower carbon intensive suppliers, we could be unable to meet the expectations of dif- ferent stakeholders in terms of reductions of our carbon footprint with the potential for adverse rep- utational impacts. Additionally, our stakeholders, including our cus- tomers, employees, suppliers and investors, are increasingly focused on environment, social and governance (“ESG”) matters. From time to time, in alignment with our sustainability strategy, we estab- lish and publicly announce goals and ambitions to improve our environmental performance and we have been taking deliberate actions aimed at achiev- ing carbon neutrality by 2030. There can be no assur- ance that our stakeholders will agree with our sus- tainability strategy or will be satisfied with our actions in relation to these matters. Additionally, if we fail (or are perceived to fail) to execute our sustainability strategy or achieve our environmental goals, if our sustainability strategy or environmental goals do not meet the expectations and standards of our stake- holders, or if we improperly report our progress in the execution of our sustainability strategy or the achievement of our environmental goals, our reputa- tion could be negatively impacted, causing our cus- tomers, employees, suppliers and investors to lose confidence in us and our brand, which could nega- tively impact our business, access to capital or have an adverse effect on our revenues and profitability. A DISRUPTION IN OUR INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY, INCLUDING AS A RESULT OF CYBERCRIMES, COULD COMPROMISE CONFIDENTIAL, PROPRIETARY AND SENSITIVE INFORMATION. We depend on our information technology and data processing systems to operate our business, and a significant malfunction or disruption in the oper- ation of our systems, human error, interruption to power supply, or a security breach that compromis- es the confidential and sensitive information stored in those systems, could disrupt our business and ad- versely impact our ability to compete. A leak of pro- prietary technical information relating to our cars and our production processes, for example, could cause significant competitive harm. Our ability to keep our business operating effectively depends on the functional and efficient operation by us and our third party service providers of our information, data processing and telecommunications systems, including our car design, manufacturing, inventory tracking and billing and payment systems. We rely on these systems to enable a number of business processes and help us make a variety of day-to-day business decisions as well as to track transactions, billings, payments and inventory. Such systems are susceptible to malfunctions and interruptions due to equipment damage, power outages, and a range of other hardware, software and network problems. Those systems are also susceptible to cybercrime, or threats of intentional disruption, which are in- creasing in terms of sophistication and frequency, especially considering that such cyber incidents may remain undetected for long periods of time. For example, in March 2023 we were the subject of a ransomware attack. Ferrari decided not to pay the ransomware, and rejection of the ransom request led to the leak of a significant amount of customers’ personal identifiable information and we were pro- vided evidence of such leak with respect to several hundred customers. We notified our customers of the potential data exposure and the nature of the in- cident and we have worked with third party experts to further reinforce our systems. Future breaches may adversely affect our operations and reputation. Additionally, a significant portion of our office personnel moved to a “remote work” model in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and part-time remote work arrangements are currently in place for our personnel. Remote work relies heavily on the use of remote networking and online conferencing services, which expose us to additional cybersecu- rity risks. For any of these reasons, we may experi- ence system malfunctions or interruptions. Although our systems are diversified, including multiple server locations, several layers of cyber- security countermeasures and controls, a range of software applications for different regions and functions, and we periodically assess and imple- ment actions to reduce risks to our systems and disruptions to our information technology systems and business continuity, a significant or large scale

[PAGE 34]
34 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F malfunction or interruption of our systems could adversely affect our ability to manage and keep our operations running efficiently, and damage our rep- utation if we are unable to track transactions and deliver products to our dealers and clients. A mal- function that results in a wider or sustained disrup- tion to our business could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition to supporting our operations, we use our systems to collect and store confidential and sensitive data, including information about our business, our clients and our employees. As our technology continues to evolve, we antic- ipate that we will collect and store even more data in the future, and that our systems will increasingly use remote communication features that are sensitive to both willful and unintentional security breaches. Much of our value is derived from our confidential busi- ness information, including car design, proprietary technology and trade secrets, and to the extent the confidentiality of such information is compromised, we may lose our competitive advantage and our car sales may suffer. We also collect, retain and use cer- tain personal information, including data we gather from clients for product development and market- ing purposes, and data we obtain from employees. Therefore, we are subject to a variety of ever-chang- ing data protection and privacy laws on a global basis, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation. We expect that future generations of cars will feature an increasing degree of connectivity for purposes of infotainment, safety and regulatory compliance, and the increased demand for a “con- nected car” has led to increased digitization of car systems, the wide application of software, and the creation of new, fully digital mobility services. This technology is capable of transmitting and storing an increasing amount of personal information belong- ing to our customers. These new features may increase the cyber security risk of our cars. Any unauthorized access to in-vehicle information tech- nology systems may compromise the car security or the privacy of our customers’ information and expose us to claims as well as reputational damage. In addition, third parties with which we contract could also be subject to external cyber-attacks. Should the third party be connected to our system, the cyber attacker could potentially penetrate our information technology systems. Although we pri- oritize cybersecurity on all of our cars and when processing personal data, any significant compro- mise in the integrity of our data security could have a material adverse effect on our business. Cybersecurity is the object of increasing regu- latory updates and we will be required to keep our internal systems updated to comply with the new rules that may come into force. For instance, pursu- ant to the UN-ECE regulations, we will be required to maintain over time, and to periodically renew, the Cyber Security Management System (“CSMS”) to register and sell our cars, as well as to demonstrate that we are able to deal with, and aware of, potential cyber risks, both for our cars and for our enterprise. Failure to maintain the Cyber Security Management

[PAGE 35]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 35 BOARD REPORT System Certification could result, for the countries where the regulations are applicable, in impossibility to homologate and sell new vehicles. OUR SUCCESS DEPENDS LARGELY ON THE ABILITY OF OUR CURRENT MANAGEMENT TEAM TO OPERATE AND MANAGE EFFECTIVELY. Our success depends on the ability of our senior executives and other members of management to effectively manage our business as a whole and in- dividual areas of the business. Most of our senior executives and employees, including many highly skilled engineers, technicians and artisans, are re- quired to work from our offices and production fa- cilities in and around Maranello, Italy. If we were to lose the services of any of these senior executives or key employees, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and finan- cial condition. We have developed incentive plans aimed at retaining and incentivizing our senior exec- utives and employees, as well as management suc- cession plans that we believe are appropriate in the circumstances, although it is difficult to predict with any certainty that we will replace these individuals with persons of equivalent experience and capabil- ities. If we are unable to find adequate replacements or to attract, retain and incentivize senior execu- tives, other key employees or new qualified person- nel, our business, results of operations and financial condition may suffer. WE RELY ON OUR DEALER NETWORK TO PROVIDE SALES AND SERVICES. We do not own our Ferrari dealers and virtually all of our sales are made through our network of deal- erships located throughout the world. If our dealers are unable to provide sales or service quality that our clients expect or do not otherwise adequately project the Ferrari image and its aura of luxury and exclusivity, the Ferrari brand may be negatively af- fected. We depend on the quality of our dealership network and our business, operating results and fi- nancial condition could be adversely affected if our dealers suffer financial difficulties or otherwise are unable to perform to our expectations. Furthermore, we may experience disagreements or disputes in the course of our relationship with our dealers or upon termination which may lead to financial costs, disruptions and reputational harm. Our growth strategy also depends on our ability to attract quality new dealers to sell our products in new areas. We may face competition from other lux- ury performance car manufacturers in attracting quality new dealers, based on, among other things, dealer margin, incentives and the performance of other dealers in the region. If we are unable to at- tract new dealers in targeted growth areas, our prospects could be materially adversely affected. . Furthermore, the evolution of leading-edge technology (such as electric technology, connec- tivity, software, etc.) will require significant and continuous investments (such as new tools, skills, knowledge and training) by our dealership network to manage our new car models, including their new features and technology. If our dealers are not able to evolve and adapt their business operations to new technology requirements, our business, operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected, including our clients’ expectations to receive the highest qualified service. WE ARE EXPOSED TO RISKS IN CONNECTION WITH PRODUCT WARRANTIES AS WELL AS THE PROVISION OF SERVICES. A number of our contractual and legal requirements oblige us to provide extensive warranties to our cli- ents, dealers and national distributors. There is a risk that, relative to the guarantees and warranties grant- ed, the calculated product prices and the provisions for our guarantee and warranty risks have been set or will in the future be set too low. For example, we have recently been offering on a voluntary basis war- ranties on the batteries for our hybrid cars. There is also a risk that we will be required to extend the guar- antee or warranty originally granted in certain mar- kets for legal reasons, or provide services as a cour- tesy or for reasons of reputation where we are not legally obliged to do so, and for which we will gener- ally not be able to recover from suppliers or insurers. CAR RECALLS MAY BE COSTLY AND MAY HARM OUR REPUTATION. We have in the past and we may from time to time in the future be required to recall our products to address performance, compliance or safety-re- lated issues. We may incur costs for these recalls, including replacement parts and labor to remove and replace the defective parts. In addition, regula- tory oversight of recalls, particularly in the vehicle safety, has increased recently. Any product recalls can harm our reputation with clients, particularly if consumers call into question the safety, reliability or performance of our cars. Any such recalls could harm our reputation and result in adverse publicity, lost revenue, delivery delays, product liability claims and other expenses, and could have a material ad- verse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. WE MAY BECOME SUBJECT TO PRODUCT LIABILITY CLAIMS, WHICH COULD HARM OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION AND LIQUIDITY IF WE ARE NOT ABLE TO SUCCESSFULLY DEFEND OR INSURE AGAINST SUCH CLAIMS. We may become subject to product liability claims, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. The automobile industry experiences significant product liability claims and we have inherent risk of exposure to claims in

[PAGE 36]
36 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F the event our cars do not perform as expected or malfunction resulting in personal injury or death. A successful product liability claim against us could require us to pay a substantial monetary award. Moreover, a product liability claim could generate substantial negative publicity about our cars and business, adversely affecting our reputation and in- hibiting or preventing commercialization of future cars, which could have a material adverse effect on our brand, business, operating results and financial condition. While we seek to insure against product liability risks, insurance may be insufficient to pro- tect against any monetary claims we may face and will not mitigate any reputational harm. Any lawsuit seeking significant monetary damages may have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business and financial condition. We may not be able to se- cure additional product liability insurance coverage on commercially acceptable terms or at reasonable costs when needed, particularly if we face liability for our products and are forced to make a claim un- der such a policy. OUR REVENUES FROM FORMULA 1 ACTIVITIES MAY DECLINE AND OUR RELATED EXPENSES MAY GROW. Revenues from our Formula 1 activities depend prin- cipally on the income from our sponsorship agree- ments and on our share of Formula 1 revenues from broadcasting and other sources. See “Overview of Our Business—Racing—Formula 1”. If we are unable to renew our existing sponsorship agreements or if we enter into new or renewed sponsorship agree- ments with less favorable terms, our revenues would decline. In addition, our share of profits related to Formula 1 activities may decline if either our team’s performance worsens compared to other compet- ing teams, or if the overall Formula 1 business suffers, including potentially as a result of increasing popular- ity of other racing events. Furthermore, in order to compete effectively on track we have been investing significant resources in research and development and to competitively compensate the best available drivers and other racing team members. These ex- penses also vary based on changes in Formula 1 regulations that require modification to our racing engines and cars. These expenses are expected to continue, and may grow further, including as a result of any changes in Formula 1 regulations, which would negatively affect our results of operations. Compliance with the FIA Formula One regu- lations, which are periodically amended by the Formula One Commission and then approved by the FIA World Motorsport Council, requires significant changes to our racing cars, processes and opera- tions. If we are unable to effectively adapt our cars to comply with changes in FIA Formula One regula- tions, our performance in races may suffer. These changes may result in adverse effects on our reve- nues and results of operations. Starting from 2021, new FIA Formula One finan- cial regulations have been introduced. These pro- vide for a cap on spending for all chassis costs and expenses (excluding, among others, the activities to enable the supply of the current power units, marketing costs, drivers’ salaries and the top three personnel at each team) and a similar cap was intro- duced also for the development of the power units that will be used in the 2026 season and is applicable for spending that started in 2023. The budget cap for the 2024 Formula 1 season was €148 million in relation to the development and manufacturing of the racing car chassis and €98.5 million relating to the power units that will be used in the 2026 sea- son. The aforementioned budget caps on spending are defined for each season based on several fac- tors, including the number of races and inflation. The budget cap for the 2025 season is currently in the process of being defined but is expected to be higher than in 2024. The cap on expenses affects the amount of resources that we are allowed to allo- cate to Formula 1 activities, with potential adverse effects on our team’s performance if we are not able to optimize such resources. Because Formula 1 is key to our brand marketing, the FIA spending cap may also adversely affect our ability to support our brand through renewed racing success. WE RELY ON OUR LICENSING AND FRANCHISING PARTNERS TO PRESERVE THE VALUE OF OUR LICENSES AND THE FAILURE TO MAINTAIN SUCH PARTNERS COULD HARM OUR BUSINESS. We currently have multi-year agreements with li- censing partners for various Ferrari-branded prod- ucts in the sports, lifestyle and luxury retail seg- ments. We also have multi-year agreements with franchising partners for our Ferrari stores and theme park. In the future, we may enter into addition- al licensing or franchising arrangements. Many of the risks associated with our own products, includ- ing risks relating to the image of the Ferrari brand and its aura of exclusivity, as well as to the demand for luxury goods, also apply to our licensed products and franchised stores. In addition, there are prob- lems that our licensing or franchising partners may experience, including risks associated with each li- censing partner’s ability to obtain capital, manage its labor relations, maintain relationships with its sup- pliers, manage its credit and bankruptcy risks, and maintain client relationships. While we maintain sig- nificant control over the products produced for us by our licensing partners and the franchisees run- ning our Ferrari stores and theme parks, any of the foregoing risks, or the inability of any of our licensing or franchising partners to execute on the expected design and quality of the licensed products, Ferrari stores and theme park, or otherwise exercise oper- ational and financial control over its business, may result in loss of revenue and competitive harm to our operations in the product categories where we have entered into such licensing or franchising ar- rangements. While we select our licensing and fran- chising partners with care, any negative publicity

[PAGE 37]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 37 BOARD REPORT surrounding such partners could have a negative effect on licensed products, the Ferrari stores and theme parks or the Ferrari brand. Further, while we believe that we could replace our existing licens- ing or franchising partners if required, our inability to do so for any period of time could materially ad- versely affect our revenues and harm our business. . In connection with our new lifestyle strategy, we continue to streamline our existing arrangements with licensing partners. This may adversely affect our results from brand activities, particularly in the short to medium term while our broader lifestyle strategy is carried out. WE DEPEND ON THE STRENGTH OF OUR TRADEMARKS AND OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. Given the importance of our brand’s recognition on our financial performance and strategy, we believe that our trademarks and other intellectual property rights are fundamental to our success and market position. Therefore, our business depends on our ability to protect and promote our trademarks and other intellectual property rights. Accordingly, we devote substantial efforts to the establishment and protection of our trademarks and other intellectual property rights such as registered designs and pat- ents on a worldwide basis. We believe that our trade- marks and other intellectual property rights are adequately supported by applications for registra- tions, existing registrations and other legal protec- tions in our principal markets. However, we cannot exclude the possibility that our intellectual property rights may be challenged by others, or that we may be unable to register our trademarks or otherwise adequately protect them in some jurisdictions, espe- cially in those foreign countries that do not respect and protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the United States, Japan and European countries. If a third party were to register our trade- marks, or similar trademarks, in a country where we have not successfully registered such trademarks, it could create a barrier to our commencing trade under those marks in that country. WE MAY FAIL TO ADEQUATELY PROTECT OUR INTELLECTUAL AND INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY RIGHTS AGAINST INFRINGEMENT OR MISAPPROPRIATION BY THIRD PARTIES. Our success and competitive positioning depend on, among other factors, our registered intellec- tual property rights, as well as other industrial or intellectual property rights, including confiden- tial know-how, trade secrets, database rights and copyrights. To protect our intellectual property, we rely on intellectual property laws, agreements for the protection of trade secrets, confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements, and other contractu- al means. Such measures, however, may be inad- equate and our intellectual property rights may be infringed or challenged by third parties, and our confidential know-how or trade secrets could be misappropriated or disclosed to the public without our consent. Consultants, vendors and current and former employees, for example, could violate their confidentiality obligations and restrictions on the use of Ferrari’s intellectual property. Ferrari may not be able to prevent such infringements, misap- propriations or disclosures, with potential adverse effects on our brand, reputation and business. In particular, our components may be subject to product piracy, where our components are coun- terfeited, which may result in reputational risk for Ferrari. The risks described above arise particu- larly in our Brand activities (see “Overview of Our Business—Lifestyle”). If we fail to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, this may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, as other manu- facturers may be able to manufacture similar prod- ucts at lower cost, with adverse effects on our com- petitive position. In addition, counterfeited products, or products illegally branded as “Ferrari”, may dam- age our brand. In addition, we may incur high costs in reacting to infringements or misappropriations of our intellectual property rights. THIRD PARTIES MAY CLAIM THAT WE INFRINGE THEIR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. We believe that we hold all the rights required for our business operations (including intellectual property rights and third-party licenses). However, we are exposed to potential claims from third par- ties alleging that we infringe their intellectual prop- erty rights, since many competitors and suppliers also submit patent applications for their inventions and secure patent protection or other intellectual property rights. If we are unsuccessful in defend- ing against any such claim, we may be required to pay damages or comply with injunctions which may disrupt our operations. We may also as a re- sult be forced to enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms or to redesign products to comply with third parties’ intellectual property rights. WE FACE RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH OUR INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS, INCLUDING UNFAVORABLE REGULATORY, POLITICAL, TAX AND LABOR CONDITIONS AND ESTABLISHING OURSELVES IN NEW MARKETS, ALL OF WHICH COULD HARM OUR BUSINESS. We currently have international operations and subsidiaries in various countries and jurisdictions in Europe, North America and Asia that are subject to the legal, political, regulatory, tax and social re- quirements and economic conditions in these juris- dictions. Additionally, as part of our growth strategy, we will continue to expand our sales, maintenance, and repair services internationally. However, such

[PAGE 38]
38 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F expansion requires us to make significant expendi- tures, including the establishment of local operat- ing entities, hiring of local employees and establish- ing facilities in advance of generating any revenue. Moreover, the global reach of our operations also exposes us to risks associated with changes in tar- iffs or other protective trade measures. For more information regarding the risks to our business and operations posed by such measures, see “Global economic conditions and macro events, as well as trading policies and tariffs, may adversely affect us” and “We are subject to risks associated with exchange rate fluctuations, interest rate changes, credit risk and other market risks.” Consequently, due to our global presence, we are subject to a num- ber of risks associated with international business activities that may increase our costs, impact our ability to sell our cars and require significant man- agement attention. These risks include: • conforming our cars to various international regulatory and safety requirements where our cars are sold, or homologated; • difficulty in establishing, staffing and managing foreign operations; • difficulties attracting clients in new jurisdictions; • foreign government tariffs and taxes, regula- tions and permit requirements, including foreign taxes that we may not be able to offset against taxes imposed upon us in Italy; • fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, including risks related to any interest rate swap or other hedging activities we undertake; • our ability to enforce our contractual and intel- lectual property rights, especially in those for- eign countries that do not respect and protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the United States, Japan and European coun- tries, which increases the risk of unauthorized, and uncompensated, use of our technology; • European Union and foreign government trade restrictions, customs regulations, tariffs and price or exchange controls; • foreign labor laws, regulations and restrictions; • preferences of foreign nations for domestically produced cars; • changes in diplomatic and trade relationships; • political instability, natural disasters, pandemics or other widespread public health crises, war or events of terrorism; and • the strength of international economies. If we fail to successfully address these risks, many of which we cannot control, our business, operat- ing results and financial condition could be materi- ally harmed. DEVELOPMENTS IN GROWTH MARKETS MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS. We operate in a number of growth markets, both di- rectly and through our dealers, and our exposure to those markets may increase as we may pursue ex- panded sales in those regions. We believe we have potential for further success in these markets, in particular in Asia, recognizing the increasing per- sonal wealth of consumers. While demand in these markets has increased in recent years due to sus- tained economic growth and growth in personal income and wealth, we are unable to foresee the extent to which economic growth will be sustained. For example, rising geopolitical and social tensions, pandemics or similar public health crises, or slow- downs in the rate of growth in these markets could limit the opportunity for us to increase unit sales and revenues in those regions in the near term. Furthermore, in certain markets in which we or our dealers operate, required government approv- als may limit our ability to act quickly in making deci- sions on our operations in those markets. Other government actions may also impact the market for luxury goods in these markets, such as tax changes or the active discouragement of luxury purchases. Consumer spending habits in these markets may also change due to other factors that are outside of our control. For instance, in recent years the President of the People’s Republic of China has repeatedly signaled the government’s intention to regulate the spending patterns of individuals and families with ultra-high incomes. Resulting regulatory action or similar state- ments by governmental authorities may affect the social acceptability of spending on luxury goods. Maintaining or strengthening our position in these growth markets is a component of our global growth strategy. However, initiatives from sev- eral global luxury automotive manufacturers have increased competitive pressures for luxury cars in several growth markets. As these markets continue to grow, we anticipate that additional competitors, both international and domestic, will seek to enter these markets and that existing market participants will try to aggressively protect or increase their market share. Increased competition may result in pricing pressures, reduced margins and our inabil- ity to gain or hold market share, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. See also “Global economic conditions and macro events, as well as trading poli- cies and tariffs, may adversely affect us”. LABOR LAWS AND COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREEMENTS WITH OUR LABOR UNIONS COULD IMPACT OUR ABILITY TO OPERATE EFFICIENTLY. The majority of our employees are represented by trade unions, are covered by collective bargaining agreements and/or are protected by applicable la- bor relations regulations that may restrict our abil- ity to modify operations and reduce costs quickly

[PAGE 39]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 39 BOARD REPORT in response to changes in market conditions. These regulations and the provisions in our collective bar- gaining agreements may impede our ability to or- ganize our business successfully to compete more efficiently and effectively, which could have a mate- rial adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. IMPROPER CONDUCT OF EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVES COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR REPUTATION AND OUR BUSINESS, OPERATING RESULTS, AND FINANCIAL CONDITION. Our compliance controls, policies, and procedures may not in every instance protect us from acts com- mitted by our employees, agents, contractors, or collaborators that would violate the laws or regula- tions of the jurisdictions in which we operate, includ- ing employment, foreign corrupt practices, environ- mental, competition, and other laws and regulations. Such improper actions could subject us to civil or criminal investigations, and monetary and injunctive penalties. In particular, our business activities may be subject to anti-corruption laws, regulations or rules of other countries in which we operate. If we fail to comply with any of these regulations, it could adversely impact our operating results and our fi- nancial condition. In addition, actual or alleged viola- tions could damage our reputation and our ability to conduct business. Furthermore, detecting, investi- gating, and resolving any actual or alleged violation is expensive and can consume significant time and attention of our executive management. CHANGES IN TAX, TARIFF OR FISCAL POLICIES COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT DEMAND FOR OUR PRODUCTS. Imposition of any additional taxes and levies designed to limit the use of automobiles could adversely affect the demand for our vehicles and our results of op- erations. Changes in corporate and other taxation policies, including those relating to the Patent Box tax regime in Italy, as well as changes in export and oth- er incentives given by various governments, or im- port or tariff policies, could also adversely affect our results of operations. See also “We currently benefit or seek to benefit from certain special tax regimes, which may not be available in the future” and “Global economic conditions and macro events, as well as trading policies and tariffs, may adversely affect us”. The impact of any such tariffs on our operations and results is uncertain and could be significant, and we can provide no assurance that any strategies we implement to mitigate the impact of such tariffs or other trade actions will be successful. While we are managing our product development and produc- tion operations on a global basis to reduce costs and lead times, unique national or regional standards can result in additional costs for product development, testing and manufacturing. Governments often require the implementation of new requirements during the middle of a product cycle, which can be substantially more expensive than accommodating these requirements during the design phase of a new product. The imposition of any additional taxes and levies or change in government policy designed to limit the use of high performance sports cars or automobiles more generally, or any decisions by poli- cymakers to implement taxes on luxury automobiles, could also adversely affect the demand for our cars. The occurrence of the above may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. IF WE WERE TO LOSE OUR AUTHORIZED ECONOMIC OPERATOR CERTIFICATE, WE MAY BE REQUIRED TO MODIFY OUR CURRENT BUSINESS PRACTICES AND TO INCUR INCREASED COSTS, AS WELL AS EXPERIENCE SHIPMENT DELAYS. Because we ship and sell our cars in numerous coun- tries, the customs regulations of various jurisdic- tions are important to our business and operations. To expedite customs procedure, we obtained the European Union’s Authorized Economic Operator (“AEO”) certificate. The AEO certificate is granted to operators that meet certain requirements regard- ing supply chain security and the safety and com- pliance with law of the operator’s customs controls and procedures. Operators are audited periodically for continued compliance with the requirements. The AEO certificate allows us to benefit from special expedited customs treatment, which significantly facilitates the shipment of our cars in the various markets where we operate. If we were to lose the AEO status, including for failure to meet one of the certification’s requirements, we would be required to change our business practices and to adopt stan- dard customs procedures for the shipment of our cars. This could result in increased costs and ship- ment delays, which, in turn, could negatively affect our results of operations. OUR DEBT COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR OPERATIONS AND WE MAY FACE DIFFICULTIES IN SERVICING OR REFINANCING OUR DEBT. As of December 31, 2024, our debt was €3,352 million (which includes our financial services). See “Financial Overview—Non-GAAP Financial Measures—Net Debt and Net Industrial Debt” for additional information. Our current and long-term debt, of which 48 per- cent and 58 percent bore floating rates of interest at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, requires us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow to service interest and principal payments and, if interest rates rise, this amount may increase. In addition, our exist- ing debt may limit our ability to raise further capital or incur additional indebtedness to execute our growth strategy or otherwise may place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to competitors that have less debt. To the extent we become more leveraged, the risks described above would increase. We may also

[PAGE 41]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 41 BOARD REPORT have difficulty refinancing our existing debt or in- curring new debt on terms that we would consider to be commercially reasonable, if at all. WE ARE SUBJECT TO RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH EXCHANGE RATE FLUCTUATIONS, INTEREST RATE CHANGES, CREDIT RISK AND OTHER MARKET RISKS. We operate in numerous markets worldwide and are exposed to market risks stemming from fluc- tuations in currency and interest rates. In particu- lar, changes in exchange rates between the Euro and the main foreign currencies in which we oper- ate affect our revenues and results of operations. The exposure to currency risk is mainly linked to the differences in geographic distribution of our sourcing and manufacturing activities from those in our commercial activities, as a result of which our cash flows from sales are denominated in cur- rencies different from those connected to pur- chases or production activities. For example, we incur a large portion of our capital and operating expenses in Euro while we receive the majority of our revenues in currencies other than Euro. In ad- dition, foreign exchange movements might also negatively affect the relative purchasing power of our clients which could also have an adverse effect on our results of operations. In 2024, the U.S. Dollar appreciated against the Euro (going from 1.1050 U.S. Dollars for 1 Euro at December 31, 2023 to 1.0389 at December 31, 2024), the Pound Sterling appreciated while the Japanese Yen remained sub- stantially stable against the Euro over the course of the year. If the U.S. Dollar or some other currencies were to depreciate against the Euro, we expect that it would adversely impact our revenues and results of operations. Additionally, tariffs implemented by the United States could impact the strength of the U.S. Dollar and be a further contributing factor in foreign currency exchange rates fluctuations. The extent of adverse impacts from exchange rate fluctuations could increase if the portion of our business in countries outside of Eurozone increas- es. See “Financial Overview—Trends, Uncertainties and Opportunities”. We seek to manage risks associated with fluctu- ations in currency through financial hedging instru- ments. Although we seek to manage our foreign cur- rency risk in order to minimize any negative effects caused by rate fluctuations, including through hedg- ing activities, there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so successfully, and our business, results of operations and financial condition could nevertheless be adversely affected by fluctuations in market rates, particularly if these conditions per- sist. Moreover, the valuation of hedging instruments is influenced by the market dynamics of several financial factors, such as exchange rates, inter- est rates and implied volatility, that can negatively impact our cost of hedging and the valuation of our outstanding hedging transactions at fair value. Additionally, changes in interest rates impact the interest costs we incur on our debt. See also “Our debt could adversely affect our operations and we may face difficulties in servicing or refinancing our debt” and “Car sales depend in part on the availability of affordable financing”. Our financial services activities are also sub- ject to the risk of insolvency of dealers and retail clients, as well as unfavorable economic conditions in markets where these activities are carried out. Despite our efforts to mitigate such risks through the credit approval policies applied to dealers and retail clients, there can be no assurances that we will be able to successfully mitigate such risks, par- ticularly with respect to a general change in eco- nomic conditions. CAR SALES DEPEND IN PART ON THE AVAILABILITY OF AFFORDABLE FINANCING. In certain regions, financing for new car sales has been available at relatively low interest rates for several years due to, among other things, expan- sive government monetary policies. To the extent that interest rates may rise generally based on governmental monetary policies or actions of cen- tral banks, market rates for new car financing are expected to rise as well, which may make our cars less affordable to clients or cause consumers to purchase less expensive cars, adversely affecting our results of operations and financial condition. Economies around the world have recently experi- enced significant inflationary pressures, with infla- tion measures in the United States, Europe and the United Kingdom reaching levels not recorded for several decades. In response, monetary authori- ties have taken anti-inflationary measures including rapid increases in interest rates which are gradu- ally transferring to market credit rates, although central bank rates have recently decreased in the United States and elsewhere. If consumer interest rates increase substantially or if financial service providers tighten lending standards or restrict their lending to certain classes of credit, our clients may choose not to, or may not be able to, obtain financing to purchase our cars. WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO PROVIDE ADEQUATE ACCESS TO FINANCING FOR OUR DEALERS AND CLIENTS, AND OUR FINANCIAL SERVICES OPERATIONS MAY BE DISRUPTED. Our dealers enter into wholesale financing arrange- ments to purchase cars from us to hold in invento- ry or to use in showrooms and facilitate retail sales, and retail clients use a variety of finance and lease programs to acquire cars. In most markets, we rely either on controlled or associated finance companies or on commer- cial relationships with third parties, including third party financial institutions, to provide financing to our dealers and retail clients. Finance companies

[PAGE 42]
42 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F are subject to various risks that could negatively affect their ability to provide financing services at competitive rates, including: • the performance of loans and leases in their portfolio, which could be materially affected by delinquencies or defaults; • higher than expected car return rates and the re- sidual value performance of cars they lease; and • fluctuations in interest rates and currency exchange rates. Furthermore, to help fund our retail and wholesale fi- nancing business, our financial services companies in the United States also access forms of funding available from the banking system in each market, including sales or securitization of receivables either in negotiated sales or through asset-backed financ- ing programs. At December 31, 2024, an amount of $1,394 million was outstanding under revolv- ing securitizations carried out by Ferrari Financial Services Inc. See “Financial Overview—Non-GAAP Financial Measures—Net Debt and Net Industrial Debt” for additional information. Should we lose the ability to access the securitization market at advan- tageous terms or at all, the funding of our controlled or associated finance companies would become more difficult and expensive and our financial con- dition may therefore be adversely affected. Any financial services provider, including our controlled finance companies, will face other demands on its capital, as well as liquidity issues relating to other investments or to developments in the credit markets. Furthermore, they may be subject to regulatory changes that may increase their costs, which may impair their ability to pro- vide competitive financing products to our deal- ers and retail clients. To the extent that a financial services provider is unable or unwilling to provide sufficient financing at competitive rates to our dealers and retail clients, such dealers and retail clients may not have sufficient access to financing to purchase or lease our cars. As a result, our car sales and market share may suffer, which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our dealer and retail customer financing in Europe are mainly provided through Ferrari Financial Services GmbH (“FFS GmbH”), our part- nership with CA Auto Bank S.p.A. (“CA Auto Bank”), which is a fully owned subsidiary of Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance S.A. (“CACF”) and was formerly FCA Bank S.p.A. (“FCA Bank”) and a joint venture between CACF and FCA Italy S.p.A. (a subsidi- ary of Stellantis N.V. (hereinafter also “Stellantis” and together with its subsidiaries, the “Stellantis Group”)). If we fail to maintain our partnership with CA Auto Bank, we may not be able to find a suitable alternative partner with similar resources and experience and continue to offer financing services to support the sales of Ferrari cars in key European markets, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Following the change of control that lead to the creation of CA Auto Bank through CACF’s acquisition in April 2023 of the 50 percent ownership interest in the former FCA Bank previously owned by the Stellantis Group, in November 2024 Ferrari and CA Auto Bank, announced the renewal of their financial partner- ship to jointly manage FFS GmbH. OUR INSURANCE COVERAGE MAY NOT BE ADEQUATE TO PROTECT US AGAINST ALL POTENTIAL LOSSES TO WHICH WE MAY BE SUBJECT, WHICH COULD HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR BUSINESS. We maintain insurance coverage that we believe is adequate to cover normal risks associated with the operation of our business. However, there can be no assurance that any claim under our insurance pol- icies will be honored fully or timely, our insurance coverage will be sufficient in any respect or our insurance premiums will not increase substantial- ly. Accordingly, to the extent that we suffer loss or damage that is not covered by insurance or which exceeds our insurance coverage, or have to pay higher insurance premiums, our financial condition may be affected. RISKS RELATED TO OUR COMMON SHARES THE MARKET PRICE AND TRADING VOLUME OF OUR COMMON SHARES MAY BE VOLATILE, WHICH COULD RESULT IN RAPID AND SUBSTANTIAL LOSSES FOR OUR SHAREHOLDERS. The market price of our common shares may be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctu- ations. In addition, the trading volume of our com- mon shares may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur. If the market price of our common shares declines significantly, a sharehold- er may be unable to sell their common shares at or above their purchase price, if at all. The market price of our common shares may fluctuate or decline significantly in the future. Some of the factors that could negatively affect the price of our common shares, or result in fluctuations in the price or trad- ing volume of our common shares, include: • variations in our operating results, or failure to meet the market’s earnings expectations; • publication of research reports about us, the au- tomotive industry or the luxury industry, or the failure of securities analysts to cover our com- mon shares; • departures of any members of our management team or additions or departures of other key personnel; • adverse market reaction to any indebtedness we may incur or securities we may issue in the future; • actions by shareholders; • changes in market valuations of similar companies;

[PAGE 43]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 43 BOARD REPORT • changes or proposed changes in laws or regula- tions, or differing interpretations thereof, affect- ing our business, or enforcement of these laws and regulations, or announcements relating to these matters; • adverse publicity about the automotive industry or the luxury industry generally, or particularly scandals relating to those industries, specifically; • litigation and governmental investigations; and • general market and economic conditions. THE LOYALTY VOTING PROGRAM MAY AFFECT THE LIQUIDITY OF OUR COMMON SHARES AND REDUCE OUR COMMON SHARE PRICE. The implementation of our loyalty voting program could reduce the trading liquidity and adversely affect the trading prices of our common shares. The loyalty voting program is intended to reward our shareholders for maintaining long-term share ownership by granting initial shareholders and persons holding our common shares continuous- ly for at least three years the option to elect to re- ceive special voting shares. Special voting shares cannot be traded and, if common shares partici- pating in the loyalty voting program are sold they must be deregistered from the loyalty register and any corresponding special voting shares trans- ferred to us for no consideration (om niet). This loyalty voting program is designed to encourage a stable shareholder base and, conversely, it may de- ter trading by shareholders that may be interest- ed in participating in our loyalty voting program. Therefore, the loyalty voting program may reduce liquidity in our common shares and adversely af- fect their trading price. THE INTERESTS OF OUR LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS MAY DIFFER FROM THE INTERESTS OF OTHER SHAREHOLDERS. Exor N.V. (“Exor”) is our largest shareholder, hold- ing approximately 24.84 percent of our outstand- ing common shares and approximately 36.69 per- cent of our voting power (as of February 6, 2025). Therefore, Exor has a significant influence over matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including matters such as adoption of the annual financial statements, declarations of annual divi- dends, the election and removal of the members of our board of directors (the “Board of Directors”), capital increases and amendments to our articles of association. In addition, as of February 6, 2025, Trust Piero Ferrari, a Jersey trust established by Piero Ferrari, the Vice Chairman of Ferrari, holds approx- imately 10.56 percent of our outstanding common shares. Piero Ferrari holds the usufruct over such shares including the right to exercise the voting rights of such shares, corresponding to approxi- mately 15.60 percent of voting interest in us (as of February 6, 2025). The percentages of ownership and voting power above are calculated based on the number of outstanding shares net of treasury shares. As a result, Piero Ferrari also has influence in matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders. Exor and Piero Ferrari informed us that they have entered into a shareholder agreement, recent- ly amended to reflect adherence by Trust Piero Ferrari, pursuant to which they have undertaken to consult for the purpose of forming, where possi- ble, a common view on the items on the agenda of shareholders meetings. See “Major Shareholders— Shareholders’ Agreement”. The interests of Exor and Piero Ferrari may in certain cases differ from those of other shareholders. In addition, the sale of substantial amounts of our common shares in the public market by Trust Piero Ferrari or by Exor or the perception that such a sale could occur could adversely affect the prevailing market price of the common shares. WE MAY HAVE POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST WITH STELLANTIS AND EXOR AND ITS RELATED COMPANIES. Questions relating to conflicts of interest may arise between us and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V., our former largest shareholder, renamed Stellantis N.V., in a number of areas relating to com- mon shareholdings and management, as well as our past and ongoing relationships. There are cer- tain overlaps among the directors and officers of us and Stellantis. For example, Mr. John Elkann, our Executive Chairman, is the Chairman and an exec- utive director of Stellantis and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Exor. Certain of our other di- rectors and officers may also be directors or offi- cers of Stellantis or Exor, our and Stellantis’s larg- est shareholder. These individuals owe duties both to us and to the other companies that they serve as officers and/or directors, which may create conflicts as, for example, these individuals review opportunities that may be appropriate or suitable for both us and such other companies, or we pur- sue business transactions in which both we and such other companies have an interest. Exor holds approximately 24.84 percent of our outstanding common shares and approximately 36.69 percent of the voting power in us (as of February 6, 2025), while it holds approximately 14.90 percent of the outstanding common shares in Stellantis (based on Exor’s latest public filings available). The per- centages of ownership and voting power above are calculated based on the number of outstand- ing shares net of treasury shares. Exor also owns a controlling interest in CNH Industrial N.V. and Iveco Group N.V., which were part of the former Fiat Group before being spun-off several years ago. These ownership interests could create ac- tual, perceived or potential conflicts of interest when these parties or our common directors and officers are faced with decisions that could have different implications for us and Stellantis or Exor, as applicable.

[PAGE 44]
44 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F OUR LOYALTY VOTING PROGRAM MAY MAKE IT MORE DIFFICULT FOR SHAREHOLDERS TO ACQUIRE A CONTROLLING INTEREST IN FERRARI, CHANGE OUR MANAGEMENT OR STRATEGY OR OTHERWISE EXERCISE INFLUENCE OVER US, WHICH MAY AFFECT THE MARKET PRICE OF OUR COMMON SHARES. The provisions of our articles of association which establish the loyalty voting program may make it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or attempt to acquire, control of our company, even if a change of control were considered favorably by shareholders holding a majority of our common shares. As a result of the loyalty voting program, a relatively large proportion of the voting power of Ferrari could be concentrated in a relatively small number of shareholders who would have sig- nificant influence over us. As of February 6, 2025, Exor had approximately 24.84 percent of our out- standing common shares and a voting interest in Ferrari of approximately 36.69 percent. As of February 6, 2025, Trust Piero Ferrari, a Jersey trust established by Piero Ferrari held voting rights re- lating to approximately 10.56 percent of our out- standing common shares. Piero Ferrari holds the usufruct over such shares including the right to ex- ercise the voting rights of such shares, correspond- ing to, as a result of the loyalty voting mechanism, approximately 15.60 percent of the voting power in our shares.The percentages of ownership and voting power above are calculated based on the num- ber of outstanding shares net of treasury shares. In addition, Exor and Piero Ferrari informed us that they have entered into a shareholder agreement, re- cently amended to reflect adherence by Trust Piero Ferrari, summarized under “Major Shareholders— Shareholders’ Agreement”. As a result, Exor and Piero Ferrari may exercise significant influence on matters involving our shareholders. Exor and Piero Ferrari and other shareholders participating in the loyalty voting program may have the power effectively to prevent or delay change of control or other transactions that may otherwise benefit our shareholders. The loyalty voting program may also prevent or discourage shareholder initiatives aimed at changing Ferrari’s management or strate- gy or otherwise exerting influence over Ferrari. See “Corporate Governance—Loyalty Voting Program”. WE ARE A DUTCH PUBLIC COMPANY WITH LIMITED LIABILITY, AND OUR SHAREHOLDERS MAY HAVE RIGHTS DIFFERENT TO THOSE OF SHAREHOLDERS OF COMPANIES ORGANIZED IN THE UNITED STATES. The rights of our shareholders may be different from the rights of shareholders governed by the laws of U.S. jurisdictions. We are a Dutch public company with limited liability (naamloze vennootschap). Our corpo- rate affairs are governed by our articles of associa- tion and by the laws governing companies incorporat- ed in the Netherlands. The rights of our shareholders and the responsibilities of members of our Board of Directors may be different from the rights of share- holders and the responsibilities of members of board of directors in companies governed by the laws of other jurisdictions including the United States. In the performance of its duties, our Board of Directors is required by Dutch law to consider our interests and the interests of our shareholders, our employees and other stakeholders, in all cases with due observation of the principles of reasonableness and fairness. It is possible that some of these parties will have interests that are different from, or in addition to, your inter- ests as a shareholder. WE EXPECT TO MAINTAIN OUR STATUS AS A “FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER” UNDER THE RULES AND REGULATIONS OF THE SEC AND, THUS, ARE EXEMPT FROM A NUMBER OF RULES UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AND ARE PERMITTED TO FILE LESS INFORMATION WITH THE SEC THAN A COMPANY INCORPORATED IN THE UNITED STATES. As a “foreign private issuer”, we are exempt from rules under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) that impose certain disclosure and procedural requirements for proxy solicitations under Section 14 of the Exchange Act. In addition, our officers, Directors and principal share- holders are exempt from the reporting and “short- swing” profit recovery provisions of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules under the Exchange Act with respect to their purchases and sales of our common shares. Moreover, we are not required to file periodic reports and financial statements with the SEC as frequently or as promptly as U.S. com- panies whose securities are registered under the Exchange Act, nor are we required to comply with Regulation FD, which restricts the selective disclo- sure of material information. Accordingly, there may be less publicly available information concerning us than there is for U.S. public companies. OUR ABILITY TO PAY DIVIDENDS ON OUR COMMON SHARES MAY BE LIMITED AND THE LEVEL OF FUTURE DIVIDENDS IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE. Our payment of dividends on our common shares in the future will be subject to business conditions, financial conditions, earnings, cash balances, com- mitments, strategic plans and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant at the time it recommends approval of the dividend. Our dividend policy is subject to change in the future based on changes in statutory requirements, market trends, strategic developments, capital requirements and a number of other factors. In addition, under our arti- cles of association and Dutch law, dividends may be declared on our common shares only if the amount of equity exceeds the paid up and called up capital plus the reserves that have to be maintained pur- suant to Dutch law or the articles of association. Further, even if we are permitted under our articles

[PAGE 45]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 45 BOARD REPORT of association and Dutch law to pay cash dividends on our common shares, we may not have suffi- cient cash to pay dividends in cash on our common shares. We are a holding company and our opera- tions are conducted through our subsidiaries. As a result, our ability to pay dividends primarily depends on the ability of our subsidiaries, particularly Ferrari S.p.A., to generate earnings and to provide us with the necessary financial resources. OUR MAINTENANCE OF TWO EXCHANGE LISTINGS MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT LIQUIDITY IN THE MARKET FOR OUR COMMON SHARES AND COULD RESULT IN PRICING DIFFERENTIALS OF OUR COMMON SHARES BETWEEN THE TWO EXCHANGES. Our shares are listed on both the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) and the Euronext Milan. The dual listing of our common shares may split trading be- tween the NYSE and the Euronext Milan, adversely affect the liquidity of the shares and the develop- ment of an active trading market for our common shares in one or both markets and may result in price differentials between the exchanges. Differences in the trading schedules, as well as volatility in the ex- change rate of the two trading currencies, among other factors, may result in different trading prices for our common shares on the two exchanges. IT MAY BE DIFFICULT TO ENFORCE U.S. JUDGMENTS AGAINST US. We are organized under the laws of the Netherlands, and a substantial portion of our assets are outside of the United States. Most of our Directors and senior management and our independent regis- tered public accounting firm are resident outside the United States, and all or a substantial portion of their respective assets may be located outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for U.S. investors to effect service of process within the United States upon these persons. It may also be difficult for U.S. investors to enforce within the United States judgments against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state thereof. In ad- dition, there is uncertainty as to whether the courts outside the United States would recognize or en- force judgments of U.S. courts obtained against us or our Directors and officers predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state thereof. Therefore, it may be difficult to enforce U.S. judgments against us, our Directors and officers and our independent registered public accounting firm. RISKS RELATED TO TAXATION CHANGES TO TAXATION OR THE INTERPRETATION OR APPLICATION OF TAX LAWS COULD HAVE AN ADVERSE IMPACT ON OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION. Our business is subject to various taxes in different jurisdictions (mainly Italy), which include, among oth- ers, the Italian corporate income tax (“IRES”), region- al trade tax (“IRAP”), value added tax (“VAT”), excise duty, registration tax and other indirect taxes. We are exposed to the risk that our overall tax burden may increase in the future. Changes in tax laws or regulations or in the posi- tion of the relevant Italian and non-Italian authorities regarding the application, administration or inter- pretation of these laws or regulations, particularly if applied retrospectively, could have negative effects on our current business model and have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. In order to reduce future potential disputes with tax authorities, in June 2023 we entered into an advance pricing agreement (APA) with the tax authorities for transfer pricing on intercompany transactions between Ferrari S.p.A. and its foreign subsidiaries. The APA covers the next 5 fiscal years and may be renewed for an additional period with the consent of both parties. We were admitted to the Cooperative Compliance Regime in Italy by the Italian Revenue Agency, which provides for constant and preventive discussions between the taxpayer and the Italian tax authorities on the most significant transactions. This admission is effective as of 2022 (the year in which the appli- cation was filed), and was preceded by the adoption and validation by Italian tax authorities of an inter- nal tax risk control system, referred to as the Tax Control Framework (TCF). In addition, tax laws are complex and subject to subjective valuations and interpretive decisions, and we will periodically be subject to tax audits aimed at assessing our compliance with direct and indirect taxes. The tax authorities may not agree with our interpretations of, or the positions we have taken or intend to take on, tax laws applicable to our ordinary activities and extraordinary transactions. In case of challenges by the tax authorities to our interpreta- tions, we could face long tax proceedings that could result in the payment of penalties and have a mate- rial adverse effect on our operating results, busi- ness and financial condition. THERE MAY BE POTENTIAL “PASSIVE FOREIGN INVESTMENT COMPANY” TAX CONSIDERATIONS FOR U.S. HOLDERS. Shares of our stock would be stock of a “passive for- eign investment company”, or a PFIC, for U.S. federal income tax purposes with respect to a U.S. holder if for any taxable year in which such U.S. holder held

[PAGE 46]
46 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F shares of our stock, after the application of applica- ble “look-through rules” (i) 75 percent or more of our gross income for the taxable year consists of “pas- sive income” (including dividends, interest, gains from the sale or exchange of investment property and rents and royalties other than rents and royal- ties which are received from unrelated parties in connection with the active conduct of a trade or busi- ness, as defined in applicable Treasury Regulations), or (ii) at least 50 percent of our assets for the taxable year (averaged over the year and determined based upon value) produce or are held for the production of “passive income”. U.S. persons who own shares of a PFIC are subject to a disadvantageous U.S. fed- eral income tax regime with respect to the income derived by the PFIC, the dividends they receive from the PFIC, and the gain, if any, they derive from the sale or other disposition of their shares in the PFIC. While we believe that shares of our stock are not stock of a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax pur- poses, this conclusion is based on a factual determi- nation made annually and thus is subject to change. Moreover, our common shares may become stock of a PFIC in future taxable years if there were to be changes in our assets, income or operations. THE CONSEQUENCES OF THE LOYALTY VOTING PROGRAM ARE UNCERTAIN. No statutory, judicial or administrative authority di- rectly discusses how the receipt, ownership, or dis- position of special voting shares should be treated for Italian or U.S. tax purposes and as a result, the tax consequences in those jurisdictions are uncertain. The fair market value of the special voting shares, which may be relevant to the tax consequences, is a factual determination and is not governed by any guidance that directly addresses such a situation. Because, among other things, our special voting shares are not transferable (other than, in very lim- ited circumstances, together with the associated common shares) and a shareholder will receive amounts in respect of the special voting shares only if we are liquidated, we believe and intend to take the position that the fair market value of each special voting share is minimal. However, the relevant tax authorities could assert that the value of the special voting shares as determined by us is incorrect. The tax treatment of the loyalty voting program is unclear and shareholders are urged to consult their tax advisors in respect of the consequences of acquir- ing, owning and disposing of special voting shares. WE CURRENTLY BENEFIT OR SEEK TO BENEFIT FROM CERTAIN SPECIAL TAX REGIMES, WHICH MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE IN THE FUTURE. Italian Law no. 190/2014, as subsequently amended and supplemented, introduced an optional Patent Box regime in the Italian tax system. The Patent Box regime is a tax exemption related to, inter alia, the use of intellectual property assets. Business income derived from the use of each qualified intangible as- set is partially exempted from taxation for both IRES and IRAP purposes. We are currently applying the Patent Box tax regime (Law No. 190/2014) for the pe- riod from 2020 to 2024, with the latter being the final year in which this regime is permitted. Law Decree No. 146 as amended by the 2022 Italian budget law, replaced the former Patent Box regime (which al- lowed taxpayers to exempt from corporate income tax (IRES) and regional income tax (IRAP) up to 50% of their income derived from the direct or indirect exploitation of intangibles) by introducing a new Patent Box regime with a 110% “super tax deduction” for research and development expenses related to eligible intangible assets registered starting from 2021. The decree provides for a specific transitional procedure between the two regimes. The amount of the related tax benefits (if any) that the Group may receive from the Patent Box or other tax regimes re- mains subject to uncertainty. In addition, we benefit from the measures intro- duced in Italy by art. 110 of Law Decree no. 104/2020, converted into Law no.126/2020, which reopened the voluntary step up of tangible and intangible assets, with the application of a three-percent sub- stitutive tax rate. Furthermore, we currently calculate taxes due in Italy based, among other things, on certain tax breaks recognized by Italian tax regulations for R&D expenses and for the investments on manu- facturing equipment. These measures continue to mitigate the tax burden in Italy. Significant changes in regulations or interpretation might adversely affect the avail- ability of such exemptions and result in higher tax charges. See also “Changes to taxation or the inter- pretation or application of tax laws could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition”.

[PAGE 47]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 47 BOARD REPORT OVERVIEW Ferrari is among the world’s leading luxury brands, focused on the design, engineering, production and sale of the world’s most recognizable luxury per- formance sports cars. Our brand symbolizes exclu- sivity, innovation, state-of-the-art sporting perfor- mance and Italian design and engineering heritage. Our name and history and the image enjoyed by our cars are closely associated with our Formula 1 racing team, Scuderia Ferrari, the most successful racing team in the history of Formula 1. From the in- augural year of Formula 1 in 1950 through the pres- ent, Scuderia Ferrari has won 248 Grand Prix races, 16 Constructors’ World titles and 15 Drivers’ World titles. We are the only team which has taken part in all the editions of the Championship, racing in more than 1,000 Formula 1 Grand Prix races. We design, engineer and produce our cars in Maranello, Italy, and sell them in over 60 markets worldwide through a network of 180 authorized deal- ers operating 200 points of sale as of the end of 2024. We believe that our cars are the epitome of design, performance and driving thrills. In 2024, we launched three new models: 12Cilindri, 12Cilindri Spider, F80. Our current product portfolio (including cars presented in 2024, for which shipments will com- mence in future years) consists of: • seven Range, models of which: (i) one V8 internal combustion engine (“ICE”) model: Roma Spider, (ii) three V12 ICE models: Purosangue, 12Cilindri and 12Cilindri Spider, (iii) two V6 hybrid models: 296 GTB and 296 GTS, and (iv) one V8 hybrid model: SF90 Spider; • three Special Series models: 812 Competizione A, SF90 XX Stradale and SF90 XX Spider; • one limited edition Icona model: Daytona SP3; and • one Supercar model: F80 (unveiled in October 2024). During the course of the year, we phased out the fol- lowing models: Portofino M, SF90 Stradale, 812 GTS, 812 Competizione, Roma. We also produce track cars and limited edition One-Off cars from time to time, as well as other strictly limited-series cars that may be for track or non-track use. The following table presents the Group’s car shipments, net revenues, Operating profit (EBIT), net profit and net profit before income tax expense, financial (income)/expenses, net and amortization and depreciation (EBITDA) for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022. For additional information regarding EBITDA, including a reconciliation of EBITDA to net profit, as well as other non-GAAP financial measures we present, see “Financial Overview—Non-GAAP Financial Measures”. (Number of cars and € million) For the years ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 Car shipments(1) 13,752 13,663 13,221 Net revenues 6,677 5,970 5,095 Operating profit (EBIT) 1,888 1,617 1,227 Net profit 1,526 1,257 939 EBITDA 2,555 2,279 1,773 (1) Excluding strictly limited racing cars (such as the XX Programme and the 499P Modificata), one-off and pre-owned cars. Whilst broadening our product portfolio to target a larger customer base, we continue to pursue a low volume production strategy in order to maintain a rep- utation for exclusivity and scarcity among purchasers of our cars and we carefully manage our production volumes and delivery waiting lists to promote this rep- utation. We divide our regional markets into (i) Europe, Middle East and Africa (“EMEA”), (ii) Americas, (iii) Mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan, and (iv) Rest of Asia-Pacific (“APAC”), which represented respectively 45.1 percent, 29.1 percent, 8.4 percent and 17.4 per- cent of units shipped in 2024. The geographic alloca- tion of our shipments and their mix by product reflects our deliberate allocation strategy over the lifecycle of the individual models and is generally impacted by the phase-in/phase-out pace of the models, as well as the length of waiting lists and other market-specific fac- tors and conditions, including our commercial strate- gy and the potential for future growth. We focus our marketing and promotion efforts on the investments we make in our racing activities and in particular, our participation in the FIA Formula 1 World Championship with Scuderia Ferrari and the FIA World Endurance Championship with the Ferrari Endurance Team, the former being the pinnacle of motorsport and one of the most watched annual

[TABLE] 13,752
[TABLE] 6,677
[TABLE] 1,888
[TABLE] 1,526
[TABLE] 2,555

[PAGE 48]
48 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F sports series in the world, with a cumulative TV audi- ence of approximately 1.3 billion, 65 million average race weekend viewership, 20 million average digital and F1 TV viewership and 94 million social media followers (Source: 2024 Liberty Investor Meeting). Although our most recent Formula 1 world title was in 2008, we continuously enhance our focus on Formula 1 activities with the goal of improving racing results and restoring our historical position as the premier racing team in Formula 1. We believe that these activities support the strength and awareness of our brand among motor enthusiasts, clients and the general public. Beyond Formula 1, we engage in several other competitive motorsport events and in 2023 and 2024 we recorded victories in some of the world’s prominent endurance races, including the 24 Hours of Le Mans in 2023 (100th edition) and 2024. Ferrari’s presence in the broader luxury land- scape is key to ensure brand relevance across pres- ent and future generations and to amplify the cul- tural relevance of our brand. As one of the world’s primary luxury brands, we operate in carefully selected luxury and lifestyle categories - personal luxury goods, collectibles and experiences, the role of which is to fuel long-term growth by broadening our customer base and expanding our unique value proposition beyond our core business, while pre- serving the brand’s DNA, its heritage and values. See below “Overview of Our Business—Lifestyle”. As part of our lifestyle activities, we launched our own Ferrari fashion collection with dedicated fashion shows in June 2021 and we have continued with successive showcases culminating in the latest displays in February 2024 and September 2024. We also license the Ferrari brand to a limited number of producers and retailers of luxury and lifestyle sec- tors, including theme parks that, we believe, enhance the brand experience of our loyal clients and Ferrari enthusiasts. The world of Ferrari can also be experi- enced in our Ferrari Museum in Maranello and in the Enzo Ferrari Museum in Modena. Our international network of Ferrari Stores con- sisted of 15 Ferrari-owned directly operated stores and 2 franchised stores as of December 31, 2024, where visitors can find our fashion collection, as well as on our website. We will continue focusing our efforts on pro- tecting and enhancing the value of our brand to pre- serve our strong financial profile and fuel long term growth in existing and emerging markets, while expanding the Ferrari brand to carefully selected lifestyle categories. HISTORY OF THE COMPANY Ferrari N.V. was incorporated as a public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap) un- der the laws of the Netherlands on September 4, 2015 with an indefinite duration. Our official seat (statutaire zetel) is in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, and our corporate address and principal place of business are located at Via Abetone Inferiore n. 4, I-41053 Maranello (MO), Italy. Ferrari is registered with the Dutch Trade Register of the Chamber of Commerce under number 64060977. Its telephone number is +39-0536-949111. The name and ad- dress of the Company’s agent in the United States is: Ferrari North America, Inc., 250 Sylvan Avenue, Englewood Cliffs, NJ 07632. Its telephone number is +1 (201) 816 2600. Our company is named after our founder Enzo Ferrari. An Alfa Romeo driver since 1924, Enzo Ferrari founded his own racing team, Scuderia Ferrari, in Modena in 1929 initially to race Alfa Romeo cars. In 1939 he set up his own company, initially called Auto Avio Costruzioni. In late 1943, Enzo Ferrari moved his headquarters from Modena to Maranello, which remains our headquarters to this day. In 1947, we produced our first racing car, the 125 S. The 125 S’s powerful 12 cylinder engine would go on to become synonymous with the Ferrari brand. In 1948, the first road car, the Ferrari 166 Inter, was produced. Styling quickly became an integral part of the Ferrari brand. In 1950, we began our participation in the Formula 1 World Championship, racing in the world’s second Grand Prix in Monaco, which makes Scuderia Ferrari the longest running Formula 1 team. We won our first Constructor World Title in 1952. Our success on the world’s tracks and roads extends beyond Formula 1, including victories in some of the most important car races such as the 24 Hours of Le Mans, the world’s oldest endurance automobile race, and the 24 Hours of Daytona. The Fiat group acquired a 50 percent stake in Ferrari S.p.A. in 1969 and increased its stake to 90 percent in 1988 following the death of Enzo Ferrari, with the remaining 10 percent held by Enzo Ferrari’s son, Piero Ferrari. Ferrari became an independent, publicly traded company following its separation from FCA (follow- ing the merger with Peugeot S.A. in January 2021, Stellantis), which was completed on January 3, 2016 (the “Separation”) and occurred through a series of transactions including (i) an intragroup restruc- turing which resulted in the Company’s acquisition of the assets and business of Ferrari North Europe Limited and the transfer by FCA of its 90 percent shareholding in Ferrari S.p.A. to the Company, (ii) the transfer of Piero Ferrari’s 10 percent shareholding in Ferrari S.p.A. to the Company, (iii) the initial public offering of common shares of the Company on the New York Stock Exchange in October 2015 under the ticker symbol RACE, and (iv) the distribution, following the initial public offering, of FCA’s remain- ing interest in the Company to FCA’s shareholders. On January 4, 2016, the Company also completed the listing of its common shares on the Mercato Telematico Azionario (“MTA”, subsequently renamed Euronext Milan), under the ticker symbol RACE.

[PAGE 49]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 49 BOARD REPORT

[PAGE 50]
50 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F INDUSTRY OVERVIEW Within the luxury goods market, we currently de- fine our target market for luxury performance cars powered by engines producing more than 500 hp and selling at a retail price in excess of Euro 180,000 (Italian market price including VAT has been used as reference) (the “Luxury Performance Car Industry”). Historically, the growth patterns in the Luxury Performance Car Industry have followed those in the broader luxury market relatively closely. The Luxury Performance Car Industry is generally affected by global macroeconomic conditions and, although we and certain other manufacturers have proven rela- tively resilient, general downturns can have a dispro- portionate impact on sales of luxury goods in light of the discretionary nature of consumer spending in this market. Furthermore, because of the emotional nature of the purchasing decision, economic confi- dence and factors such as expectations regarding future income streams as well as the social accept- ability of luxury goods may impact sales. Following the sharp recession of 2008-2009, the Luxury Performance Car Industry has been resil- ient to further economic downturns and stagnation in the broader economy, driven by an increase in new product launches. A sustained period of wealth creation in several Asian countries and, to a lesser extent, in the Americas, has led to an expanding population of potential consumers of luxury goods. Developing consumer preferences in the Asian markets, where the newly affluent are increasingly embracing western brands of luxury products, have also led to higher demand for cars in our seg- ment, which are primarily produced by established European manufacturers. In turn, the changing demographic of customers and potential customers is driving an evolution towards luxury performance cars also suited to an urban and more frequent use. Additionally, the growing appetite of younger afflu- ent purchasers for luxury performance cars has led to new entrants to the industry, which in turn has resulted in higher sales overall in the market. After recovering and surpassing pre-pan- demic volumes in 2022, the Luxury Performance Car Industry continued to grow in 2023 with a slight slowdown in 2024. Ferrari shipments surpassed the 2019 pre-pandemic levels in 2021 (a year earlier than the Luxury Performance Car Industry), benefiting from actions implemented by the group to mitigate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and to main- tain production capacity, and our shipments have continued to grow each year in line with our plans. In 2023, Ferrari commenced deliveries of the Purosangue, the first four-door, four wheel-drive and four-seater Ferrari, which continued through- out 2024 and is continuing in 2025. Given this broad- ening of Ferrari’s car production, the reference Luxury Performance Car Industry in which Ferrari competes has been enlarged to include also high-rid- ing four-door luxury performance cars offering more than 500 hp and priced in excess of Euro 180,000 (Italian market price including VAT as refer- ence). This new reference market has been defined as the “Enlarged Luxury Performance Car Industry”. After recovering and surpassing pre-pandemic vol- umes in 2022, the Enlarged Luxury Performance Car Industry continued to grow in 2023 and 2024. More than in other segments of the broader lux- ury market, in the Enlarged Luxury Performance Car Industry, a significant portion of demand is driven by new product launches. The market share of individual producers fluctuates over time reflect- ing the timing of product launches. New launches tend to drive sales volumes even in difficult market environments because the novelty, exclusivity and excitement of a new product is capable of creating and capturing its own demand from clients. The Enlarged Luxury Performance Car Industry also experienced an increased demand for personaliza- tion and digital connectivity, with several industry players introducing customized solutions to serve local markets. In line with the characteristics of the market as noted above, one of the key elements driving the positive performance of the Enlarged Luxury Performance Car Industry in 2022, 2023 and 2024 was the renewed product offering by several com- petitors, despite several adverse global events like supply chain issues, rising inflation, the ongoing con- flicts between Russia-Ukraine and Israel-Hamas and the slow-down in the Mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan region. Most of the producers in the Enlarged Luxury Performance Car Industry managed to nav- igate through these difficulties by adjusting their supply chain policies and by revising their pricing strategies, as well as through the aforementioned renewal of their product offerings. Growing environmental concerns are leading to the implementation of increasingly stringent emissions regulations and an increase in demand for both hybrid and electric vehicles. Cost and lim- ited charging infrastructure are currently limit- ing factors in the demand for electric vehicles, but advancements in battery technology in coming years are expected to boost sales of hybrid and elec- tric high-performance luxury vehicles, although at a slower pace compared to mass market vehicles. The ability to combine driving experience with hybrid and electric technology will be key for the commer- cial success of high-performance luxury vehicles.

[PAGE 51]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 51 BOARD REPORT As shown in the chart below, our volumes have historically proven less volatile than our competitors’. We believe this is due to our strategy of maintaining low volumes compared to demand, as well as to the higher number of models in our product portfolio and our more frequent product launches compared to our competitors. Ferrari, Luxury Performance Car Industry & Enlarged Luxury Perfor- mance Car Industry data are updated to December 31, 2024. Data is based on units regitered (in Brazil, Japan, Taiwan, United Kingdom, Canada, New Zealand, Germany, France, Switzerland, Italy, Po- land, Hungary, Czech Republic, Spain, Sweden, Netherlands, Belgium and Austria) or sold (in USA, South Korea, Mainland China, Russia, Australia, Sin- gapore and Indonesia). Source: USA-US Maker Data Club; Brazil-JATO; Cana- da-JATO; Austria-OSZ; Belgium-FEBIAC; France-SIV; Germany-KBA; UK-SM- MT; Italy-MIT; Netherlands-VWE; Po- land-CEPiK; Hungary-Ministry of the Interior; Czech Republic-Cars Import- ers Association; Spain-TRAFICO; Swe- den-BranschData; Switzerland-AS- TRA; Mainland China-China Automobile Industry Association-DataClub & insurance data provided by Jato; Russia-AEBRUS; Taiwan-Ministry of Transportation and Communications; Australia-VFACTS-S; Japan-JAIA; Indo- nesia-GAIKINDO; New Zealand-VFACTS; Singapore-LTA, MTA (Land Transport Authority, Motor Trader Associations); South Korea-KAIDA. We identify the Luxury Performance Car Industry to include all two-door luxu- ry sports cars with power above 500 hp, and retail price above Euro 180,000 (Ital- ian market price including VAT as refer- ence) sold by Aston Martin, Audi, Bentley, BMW, Ferrari, Ford, Honda/Acura, Lam- borghini, Maserati, McLaren, Mercedes Benz, Porsche and Rolls-Royce. With the Purosangue, Ferrari entered a new segment of four-door and four- wheel drive high performance vehicles. As a result, in addition to the Luxury Performance Car Industry historical- ly considered, we also identified the Enlarged Luxury Performance Car Industry: a broader market segment which also includes high-riding four door luxury performance cars offering more than 500 hp and priced in excess of Euro 180,000 (Italian market price including VAT as reference), mostly sold by the same aforementioned competi- tors with the addition of Land Rover. Ferrari data based on internal informa- tion for the 25 Top Countries (excluding Middle East countries) for Ferrari an- nual registrations and sales (which ac- counted for approximately 90% of the total Ferrari shipments in 2024). VOLUMES FERRARI UNITS 13,000 12,000+ 86,000+ 43,000+ 0 Dec 31, 2004 Dec 31, 2004 Dec 31, 2024 Dec 31, 2024 Ferrari Luxury Performance Car Industry Enlarged Luxury Performance Car Industry ENLARGED & LUXURY CAR INDUSTRY UNITS 100,000 0

[PAGE 52]
52 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F In 2024, we had a market share of 23% in the Luxury Performance Car Industry, which is our historic reference market. In 2024, we had a market share of 14% in the Enlarged Luxury Performance Car Industry, in which also high riding four-door luxury performance cars are included. Ferrari, Luxury Performance Car Industry & Enlarged Luxury Perfor- mance Car Industry data are updated to December 31, 2024. Data is based on units registered (in Brazil, Japan, Taiwan, United Kingdom, Canada, New Zealand, Germany, France, Switzer- land, Italy, Poland, Hungary, Czech Re- public, Spain, Sweden, Netherlands, Belgium and Austria) or sold (in USA, South Korea, Mainland China, Russia, Australia, Singapore and Indonesia). Source: USA-US Maker Data Club; Bra- zil-JATO; Canada-JATO; Austria-OSZ; Belgium-FEBIAC; France-SIV; Germa- ny-KBA; UK-SMMT; Italy-MIT; Neth- erlands-VWE; Poland-CEPiK; Hun- gary- Ministry of the Interior; Czech Republic-Cars Importers Association; Spain-TRAFICO; Sweden-BranschDa- ta; Switzerland-ASTRA; Mainland Chi- na-China Automobile Industry Asso- ciation-DataClub & insurance data provided by Jato; Russia-AEBRUS; Tai- wan-Ministry of Transportation and Communications; Australia-VFACTS-S; Japan-JAIA; Indonesia-GAIKINDO; New Zealand-VFACTS; Singapore-LTA, MTA (Land Transport Authority, Motor Trad- er Associations); South Korea-KAIDA We identify the Luxury Performance Car Industry to include all two-door lux- ury sports cars with power above 500 hp, and retail price above Euro 180,000 (Italian market price including VAT as reference) sold by Aston Martin, Audi, Bentley, BMW, Ferrari, Ford, Honda/ Acura, Lamborghini, Maserati, McLar- en, Mercedes Benz, Porsche and Rolls- Royce. Ferrari is market leader in sev- eral countries, including Italy, France, Japan, Mainland China, Singapore and South Korea among others. In 2024, Ferrari’s volumes in the largest 25 markets increased compared to 2023, primarily driven by the contribution from our enlarged product range. The charts below set forth our market shares in 2024 based on volumes in our largest 25 markets by geographical area. LUXURY PERFORMANCE CAR INDUSTRY MARKET SHARE MARKET MARKET SHARE 0 Top 25 Market EMEA Americas Mainland China & Taiwan Rest of APAC 100% 23% 20% 21% 37% 34% ENLARGED LUXURY PERFORMANCE CAR INDUSTRY MARKET SHARE MARKET MARKET SHARE 0 Top 25 Market EMEA Americas Mainland China & Taiwan Rest of APAC 100% 14% 14% 11% 19% 19%

[PAGE 53]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 53 BOARD REPORT With the Purosangue, Ferrari entered in a new segment of four-door and four-wheel drive high performance vehicles. As a result, in addition to the Luxury Performance Car Industry his- torically considered, we also identified the Enlarged Luxury Performance Car Industry: a broader market segment which also includes high-riding four- door luxury performance cars offering more than 500 hp and priced in excess of Euro 180,000 (Italian market price including VAT as reference), mostly sold by the same aforementioned compet- itors with the addition of Land Rover. With respect to the Enlarged perime- ter, Ferrari maintains its leadership in It- aly, Singapore and Japan among others. Ferrari data based on internal informa- tion for the 25 Top Countries (excluding Middle East countries) for Ferrari an- nual registrations and sales (which ac- counted for approximately 90% of the total Ferrari shipments in 2024). SPORTS CAR LINE UP RANGE MODELS SPECIAL SERIES ICONA SUPERCAR While we monitor our market share as an indica- tor of our brand appeal, we do not regard market share as particularly relevant as compared to oth- er segments of the automotive industry. We are not focused on market share as a key performance metric. Instead, we deliberately manage our sup- ply relative to demand, to defend and promote our brand exclusivity and premium pricing. COMPETITION Competition in the Enlarged Luxury Performance Car Industry is concentrated in a limited number of producers, including both large automotive compa- nies that own luxury brands as well as small produc- ers exclusively focused on luxury cars, like us. Our main competitors are Lamborghini, McLaren, Aston Martin, Rolls-Royce and Bentley, as well as Porsche, Mercedes, Audi, BMW and Land Rover in certain segments of the market, and may vary based on the technical characteristics and target customer seg- ment for each model. Competition in the Enlarged Luxury Performance Car Industry is primarily driven by the strength of the brand and the appeal of the products in terms of performance, driving thrills, styling and innovation as well as by the manufacturers’ ability to regularly renew their product offerings to continue to stimu- late customer demand. Competition among similarly positioned luxury performance cars is also driven by price and total cost of ownership. Resilience of the car value after a period of ownership is an important competitive dimension among similarly positioned luxury cars, because higher resilience decreases the total cost of ownership and promotes repeat purchases: we believe this is a strong competitive advantage of Ferrari cars. OVERVIEW OF OUR BUSINESS SPORTS CAR LINE-UP In 2024, we launched three new models: 12Cilindri, 12Cilindri Spider, F80. Our current product portfolio (including cars pre- sented in 2024, for which shipments will commence in future years) consists of: • seven Range, models of which: (i) one V8 internal combustion engine (“ICE”) model: Roma Spider, (ii) three V12 ICE models: Purosangue, 12Cilindri and 12Cilindri Spider, (iii) two V6 hybrid models: 296 GTB and 296 GTS, and (iv) one V8 hybrid model: SF90 Spider; • three Special Series models: 812 Competizione A, SF90 XX Stradale and SF90 XX Spider; • one limited edition Icona model: Daytona SP3; • one Supercar model: F80 (unveiled in October 2024). During the course of the year, we phased out the fol- lowing models: Portofino M, SF90 Stradale, 812 GTS, 812 Competizione, Roma.

[PAGE 54]
54 ROAD CARDS RANGE MODELS 296 GTB V6 Hybrid SPECIAL SERIES ICONA SF90 Stradale V8 Hybrid Roma V8 Portofino M V8 812 GTS V12 Purosangue V12 Roma Spider V8 296 GTS V6 Hybrid 812 Competizione/A V12 Daytona SP3 V12 F80 HYbrid SUPERCAR SF90 XX/ Sp. V8 Hybrid SF90 Spider V8 Hybrid 12 Cilindri V12 12 Cilindri Spider V12 ONE OFF KC23 KC23 V8 SP-8 SP-8 V8 FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F BOARD REPORT

[PAGE 55]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 55 BOARD REPORT We also produce track cars and limited edition One-Off cars from time to time, as well as other strictly limited-series cars that may be for track or non-track use. Our diversified product offering may include dif- ferent architectures (such as front-engine and mid- rear engine), engine sizes (V6, V8 and V12), technolo- gies (natural aspirated, turbo-charged, hybrid), body styles (such as coupes, spiders, targa and 4-doors) and seats (2 seaters, 2+ seaters, 4 seaters). We target end clients seeking high performance cars with distinctive design, state-of-the-art technol- ogy and outstanding driving dynamics to maximize driving emotions. Our broad product portfolio is designed to fulfill the strategy of “different Ferrari for different Ferraristi, different Ferrari for different moments”, which means being able to offer a highly differentiated product line-up that can meet the vary- ing needs of current and new customer segments (in terms of sportiness, comfort, on-board space and design, amongst others) and that can allow our existing clients to use a Ferrari in various moments of their lives. We believe that our clients can be divided into two main categories: on the one hand, the “Sports Car Driver”, a client looking for an elegant and understated design, who likes driving cars in a variety of locations and conditions, alone or with pas- sengers, and who uses Ferrari for longer journeys; on the other hand, the “Pilot”, a client looking for a high performing and extreme sports car, who intends to drive cars on track and on challenging roads, and who is looking for an exciting driving experience. We are also actively engaged in after sales activities driven, among other things, by the objective of preserving and extending the market value of the cars we sell. We believe our cars’ performance in terms of value after a period of ownership significantly exceeds that of any other brand in the luxury car segment, particularly for models whose volumes are strictly limited (e.g. Special Series, Icona, Supercars). High residual value is important to the primary market because clients, when purchasing our cars, take into account the expected resale value in assessing the overall cost of ownership. Furthermore, a higher residual value potentially lowers the cost for the owner to switch to a new model thereby supporting client loyalty and promoting repeat purchase. The following chart shows the percentage of our unit shipments(1) by pillar(2) for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022: (1) Excluding strictly limited racing cars (such as the XX Programme and the 499P Modificata), one-off and pre-owned cars. (2) There were no shipments of Supercars during the period from 2022 to 2024. PERCENTAGE OF UNIT SHIPMENTS BY PILLAR SHARE 100% 0% Range Special Series Icona 93% 6% 1% 2022 2023 96% 3% <1% 2024 93% 5% 2% TARGET AND CLIENTS SPORTSCAR DRIVER PILOT

[PAGE 56]
56 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F The following chart shows the percentage of our unit shipments(1) by geographic market for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022: (1) Excluding strictly limited racing cars (such as the XX Programme and the 499P Modificata), one-off and pre-owned cars. See also “Financial Overview—Trends, Uncertainties and Opportunities— Shipments”. The following chart shows the percentage of our unit shipments(1) by engine type for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022: (1) Excluding strictly limited racing cars (such as the XX Programme and the 499P Modificata), one-off and pre-owned cars. PERCENTAGE OF UNIT SHIPMENTS BY PILLAR SHARE 100% 0% Range Special Series Icona 93% 6% 1% 2022 2023 96% 3% <1% 2024 93% 5% 2% PERCENTAGE OF UNIT SHIPMENTS BY ENGINE TYPE Hybrid ICE SHARE 100% 0% 2022 2023 2024 56% 44% 78% 22% 49% 51%

[PAGE 57]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 57 BOARD REPORT RANGE Our Range line comprises products designed for both our Pilot and our Sports Car Driver clients. Range models designed for Pilot clients are characterized by compact bodies, a design guided by performance and aerodynamics, that often ben- efit from technologies initially developed for our Formula 1 single-seaters or other racing activities. They favor performance over comfort, seeking to provide the driver with an immediate response and superior handling, leveraging state-of-the-art vehi- cle dynamics, components and controls. Following the phasing out of the SF90 Stradale and of the 812 GTS, we currently offer the following models: the SF90 Spider, one of our first series production cars featuring PHEV technology that combines a V8 engine (780 hp) with three electric motors allowing the car to reach 1,000 hp; the 296 GTB and the 296 GTS, which also feature PHEV technology and are powered by the first 6-cylinder engine installed on a Ferrari road car producing 830 hp of total power output delivered by the new 120° V6 engine (663 hp), coupled with an electric motor capable of delivering a further 122 kW (167 hp) – an unprecedented per- formance for a V6 car. Range models designed for Sports Car Driver clients, which also exhibit the performance expected of a Ferrari, are characterized by more refined interiors with a higher focus on comfort and on-board life quality. Following the phasing out of the Portofino M and the Roma, we currently offer four such models: one model equipped with our V8 engine; the Roma Spider (620 hp), and three models equipped with our V12 naturally aspirated engine, the Purosangue (725 hp), launched in September 2022, and the 12Cilindri (830 hp) and the 12Cilindri Spider (830 hp), both launched in May 2024. SPECIAL SERIES From time to time, we also design, engineer and pro- duce Special Series cars which can be limited in time or volume and are usually based on some of our Range models but introduce novel product concepts. These cars are characterized by significant modifica- tions designed to enhance performance and driving thrills. Our Special Series cars are particularly target- ed to collectors and, from a commercial and product development standpoint, they facilitate the transi- tion from existing to new Range models. In 2021, we launched the 812 Competizione, shipments of which started in 2022, and the 812 Competizione A, for which shipments started in 2023. The 812 Competizione and the 812 Competizione A, respectively a coupe and a targa, both feature 830 hp V12 engines. The 812 Competizione was phased out throughout the course of 2024. In 2023, we launched the SF90 XX Stradale and SF90 XX Spider, the new pinnacle of performance and technological content, and the first XX street legal cars. The coupè reaches 0-100 km/h in 2.3 seconds and 0-200 km/h in 6.5 seconds, and set the Fiorano lap time record for street legal cars with 1 minute and 17.3 seconds. Shipments of both models started in 2024. ICONA In September 2018, we introduced a new pillar of our product portfolio: the Icona, a unique concept that takes inspiration from the iconic concepts of our his- tory and reinterprets them in a modern way, pairing timeless design with state-of-the-art materials and technology. The first example of this strictly limited edition product line-up is the Ferrari Monza SP1/SP2, which is inspired by the classic collectible barchetta cars (like the 750 Monza and 860 Monza for exam- ple), and currently out of production. In 2021, the Daytona SP3 was unveiled. This limited edition tar- ga takes inspiration from legendary Ferrari sports prototypes of the 1960s (historically equipped with a naturally aspirated V12 engine, mid-rear-mounted in typical racing car style). The Daytona SP3 follows the same approach and its power unit delivers 840 hp – along with 697 Nm of torque and maximum revs of 9500 RPM – making it the most powerful naturally aspirated road engine ever built by Ferrari. SUPERCARS In line with our tradition of Supercars starting with the GTO (288 GTO) in 1984, and including the F40 in 1987, the F50 in 1995, the Enzo in 2002, the LaFerrari in 2013, and the LaFerrari Aperta in 2016, we contin- ue to produce limited edition Supercars - our latest is the F80, launched in October 2024. These are the highest expression of Ferrari road car performance at the time and are often the forerunners of techno- logical innovations for future Range models, with in- novative features and futuristic design. TRACK CARS We also develop special track racing cars that are based on our range and special series models. These cars are not registered for use on the road and may only be used on track in competitive and non-compet- itive race events, including for our XX Programme, Ferrari Challenge, F1 Clienti and Sport Prototipi. ONE-OFFS In order to meet the varying needs of our most loy- al and discerning clients, we also produce a very limited number of One-Off models. While based on the chassis and equipped with engines of one of the current models for homologation and registration purposes, these cars reflect the exact exterior and interior design specifications requested by the cli- ents, and are produced as a single, unique car. Some of the most iconic models emerged from our One- Off program include the SP12 EC (inspired by the 512 BB and created in 2011), the F12 TRS (a radical two-seat roadster created on the platform of the

[PAGE 58]
58 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F F12 Berlinetta in 2014), the Ferrari SP38 (a superla- tive mid-rear V8 turbo taking inspiration from the legendary Ferrari F40), the 458MM Speciale (the last mid rear model with a V8 naturally aspirated engine in 2016), the Ferrari P80/C, a real track car taking inspiration from past Ferrari Sport Prototipo mod- els, and the Ferrari Omologata, based on the 812 Superfast V12 platform. The last models include the BR20, a very elegant V12 based on the GTC4 Lusso and produced in 2021, and the SP48 Unica, based on the F8 Tributo, and SP51, based on the 812 Superfast but with an open-air configuration, both launched in 2022. In 2023, we produced the KC23, a non-homolo- gated car based on the 488 GT3 and featuring a fu- turistic design, as well as the SP-8, which is based on the F8 Tributo and features a particular targa design and visible carbon fiber in the front part of the car. In addition to the aforementioned cars, from time to time we present other strictly limited-series cars that may be for track or non-track use. The following chart shows our product offering’s strategic pillars in terms of their appeal to Ferraristi and collectors respectively. PRODUCT OFFERING STRATEGIC PILLARS Future Ferraristi Ferraristi Collectors Range Special Series Icona Supercar

[TABLE] Special Series
[TABLE] Icona
[TABLE] Supercar

[PAGE 59]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 59 BOARD REPORT PERSONALIZATION OFFER Each Ferrari represents a masterpiece of engineer- ing and design, enhanced by a multitude of person- alization options available through our exclusive product portfolio. Among the primary elements, which are continually expanding, are the range of body-color paints, exclusive livery designs that add a refined touch and better define the car’s charac- ter, an increasing selection of leather and Alcantara colors for the interiors, carbon fiber components in various color variations, titanium exhaust systems, parking cameras, dual-mode suspension, and state- of-the-art high-fidelity audio systems. Through the “Special Equipment & Atelier” pro- gram, our specialists guide the client in creating a highly personalized car with a continuously growing and enriching array of options, ensuring a unique experience. These options include special paints created specifically at the client’s request, custom liveries, and exterior accents designed to define the car’s character in line with the owner’s lifestyle and driving preferences, colored and transitional car- bon fiber elements in dual glossy/matte finishes for both the exterior and interior, personalized stitching and embroidery details, and luggage sets designed to perfectly match the car’s interior. In 2024, we launched a new project where Atelier specialists not only consult clients in our Personalization Centers but also during dealership visits and other marketing platforms (for exam- ple Universo Ferrari). The aim of this initiative is to strengthen relationships with our clients by get- ting closer to them, while also training the network and enhancing the experience of both Ferrari deal- ers and clients. During the 2024 F1 Grand Prix in Miami, we presented two stunning 296 GTS Assetto Fiorano models, adorned with special liveries in the his- toric Azzurro Dino and Azzurro LaPlata colors. We also launched the new 12Cilindri, an elegant Gran Turismo that pays homage to the tradition of natu- rally aspirated V12 engines, offering several design suggestions on how to personalize the car. Moreover, with the launch of the new Ferrari F80, we expanded our portfolio by introducing a hybrid supercar that redefines the concept of per- formance, customizable through the “Tailor Made” program with exposed carbon fiber, available in 26 different color finishes. The “Tailor Made” program elevates person- alization to a higher level, with the assistance of a dedicated Ferrari designer who guides the client in selecting exclusive materials such as cashmere, denim, and innovative fibers for their car. The three collections - Scuderia, Classica, and Inedita - con- tinue to represent the brand’s essence, celebrating sporting history, traditional style, and experimental innovation, respectively. Finally, the “One-Off” program offers the pinna- cle of exclusivity, allowing clients to design a unique car personalized down to the smallest detail. See “One Offs” above for additional details. PERSONALIZATION OFFER @Maranello @New York @Shanghai TM Center Maranello @Maranello @New York @Shanghai Atelier Dealership with Special Equipment Dealership Tailor made Special Equipment “Carrozzeria Scaglietti” Personalization Program One-Off

[TABLE] Maranello
[TABLE] TM Center
@Maranello
@New York
@Shanghai
[TABLE] Atelier
@Maranello
@New York
@Shanghai
Dealership with
Special Equipment
Dealership

[PAGE 60]
60 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F DESIGN Design is a fundamental and distinctive aspect of our products and our brand. The design of a Ferrari is a structural part of our innovation process, and everything we do to develop the lines of our cars is functional to increase their performance and driv- ing thrills. Our designers, modelers and engineers work together to create car bodies that incorpo- rate the most innovative aerodynamic solutions in the sleek and powerful lines typical of our cars. The interiors of our cars seek to balance functionality, aesthetics and comfort. Cockpits are designed to maximize the driving experience, tending towards more sporty or more comfortable depending on the model. The interiors of our vehicles boast ele- gant and sophisticated trims and details that en- hance the ergonomic layout of all main controls, many of which are clustered on the steering wheel. A guiding principle of our design is that each new model represents a clear departure from prior models and introduces new and distinctive aesthet- ic elements, delivering constant innovation within the furrow of tradition. For the design of our cars we have relied histor- ically on Italian coachbuilders such as Carrozzeria Touring, Vignale, Scaglietti and Pininfarina. These partnerships helped Ferrari in defining its design language at the forefront of design advance. Throughout the years this area of excellence has been recognized repeatedly by a long series of awards being bestowed upon Ferrari cars. In 2010 we established the Ferrari Design Centre, our in-house design department, with the objective of improving control over the entire design process and ensuring long-term continu- ity of the Ferrari style. The mission of the Ferrari Design Centre is to define and evolve the stylistic direction of the marque, imprinting all new prod- ucts with a modern stamp, according to a futur- istic, uncompromised vision. The name and logo “Ferrari Design” denotes all concepts and works of the Ferrari Design Centre (see “—Intellectual Property”). The Ferrari Design Centre handles all aspects of automotive styling for the Ferrari road cars product range, encompassing the styling of all bodywork, external components and interior trim, applied to series production models for the Range, Special Series, Supercars, Icona, One-Offs, con- cept cars and some track-only models. The Ferrari Design Centre also includes a Color & Trim unit which manages the choice of materials and finishes for both exterior and interior trim and, in addition, is responsible for the Tailor Made program in con- junction with the Product Marketing department. The Ferrari Design Centre is also often involved in the styling and conceptual definition of Ferrari branded products produced by our licensees (see “—Lifestyle”). In 2019, we created the Advanced Design team, a laboratory that aims at defining the brand’s design vision, developing new concepts and formal languages through so far unexplored methods and tools, and trying to achieve simplifi- cation and formal purity while staying true to the Ferrari DNA which has characterized its history. The Ferrari Design Centre is organized as an integrated automotive design studio, employing a total workforce of approximately 60 employees (including designers, 3D surfacing operators, physi- cal modelers and graphic artists), as well as contrac- tors. It operates a modeling studio fully equipped with 5-axis milling machines with the capacity to develop various full-scale models (interior and exte- rior) in parallel. In September 2018, we opened a new building for the Ferrari Design Centre, which is our first facility fully dedicated to our in-house design department. The new building hosts two Ateliers and the Tailor Made department to engage clients with Ferrari’s rich personalization services. During its 15 year history, the Ferrari Design Centre has designed the majority of our cars, including our entire current line-up, and has received many pres- tigious design awards for their design. The following is a list of the awards won in the last 2 years: • Ferrari 296 GTB: Performance Car of the Year - Car&Driver USA (2024); • Ferrari Vision GT: iF Design Award (2024); • Ferrari Roma Spider: iF Design Award (2024); Red Dot Best of The Best (2024); • Ferrari KC23: iF Design Award(2024); Red Dot Design Award (2024); • Ferrari SF90 XX Stradale/Spider: iF Design Award (2024); Red Dot Design Award (2024); • Ferrari Purosangue: Compasso d’Oro ADI (2024); • Centro Stile Ferrari and Flavio Manzoni: Awards 2024-Salone Auto Torino; Italian Design Week Awards (2024); • Ferrari 12Cilindri: Luxury Car of the Year - The Motor Awards (2024); Design Prix- Automobile Awards (2024); • Ferrari Purosangue: Car Design Award (2023); Red Dot Best of The Best Award (2023); iF Design Award (2023); EyesOn Design Award - Best Production Vehicle (2023); AUTONIS Award- Auto Motor und Sport (2023); • Ferrari Vision Gran Turismo: Red Dot Best of The Best Award (2023); • Ferrari 296 GTS: Red Dot Design Award (2023); • Ferrari Daytona SP3: iF Design Award (2023); • Ferrari Roma Spider: AUTONIS Award - Auto Motor und Sport (2023); Sunday Times - Dream Car Award (2023); • Ferrari Design Centre: Car Design Award 2023 – Ferrari brand design language (2023). The multi-year collaboration with the creative col- lective LoveFrom, which started in September 2021, continues today and the partnership brings togeth- er Ferrari’s legendary performance and excellence and LoveFrom’s experience and creativity that has defined extraordinary world changing products.

[PAGE 61]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 61 BOARD REPORT PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT AND TECHNOLOGICAL INNOVATION Our development efforts take into account the three pillars of competitive advantage of Ferrari cars: design, performance and driving thrills. Design – sight is the first sense to enjoy a Ferrari and the design of a Ferrari is a structural part of our in- novation process. We develop the design of our cars to increase their performance and driving thrills. Performance – features such as power, aerody- namics, weight, driveline and mechatronics all con- tribute to determine the lap time on track. We strive to ensure that every Ferrari is the best performing car in its segment. Driving thrills – a key differentiator of Ferrari cars. There are five main elements to driving thrills: longitudinal acceleration, lateral acceleration, brak- ing, gear change and sound. INNOVATION PRINCIPLES Our goal with innovation is to enhance the perfor- mance and driving thrills of our cars. The unique Ferrari way of developing a car involves the follow- ing main elements: • leveraging on Formula 1 and racing-specific know-how; • prioritizing innovations in core hardware and software, including through open innovation; • tailoring existing solutions available on the mar- ket; and • developing distinctive and iconic components. In addition to these internally driven factors, regula- tion is key in determining the direction of innovation. Furthermore, being prepared for change is part of our DNA, and climate change is a further stimu- lus for us to innovate. In the near future, we expect Ferrari’s innovation program to be focused not only on electric transition but also on innovative materi- als, alternative fuels, lubricants and coolants, as well as on aerodynamics. In this regard, we have placed significant focus on introducing new materials, such as recycled alumi- num, for which CO2 emissions could be reduced by up to 90%, and we are working with partners on the use of alternative fuels, such as hydrogen, E-Fuels, coolants and lubricants which would allow us to reduce emissions while continuing to use internal combustion engines that preserve our heritage. Our goal is to find technological solutions that will allow us to be compliant with applicable regula- tions, without penalizing the performance and driv- ing thrills of our cars. KEY FEATURES OF OUR OFFER Three Powertrains with Distinctive Driving Emotions Ferrari engines are characterized by prime perfor- mance in a key parameter for cars’ engines: specific power (power for displacement and power for mass/ weight). We intend to broaden the powertrain offer- ing to include full electric, hydrogen and other tech- nologies as well as the internal combustion engine (ICE) which continues to represent Ferrari’s heritage. Ferrari targets a well-diversified product port- folio, composed of ICE, hybrid engines and full elec- tric engines, each one delivering distinctive driving emotions. • ICE – Ferrari will continue to pursue the internal combustion engine evolution and will develop solutions in energy efficiency and alternative fu- els to build on an essential part of the Company’s heritage, including with the support of partners where appropriate. • Hybrid – our cars have shown that hybrid (HEV and PHEV) is the right technology for increasing pure performance, and we have taken advan- tage of the technology transfer from the rac- PILLARS OF COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE Design Performance Driving thrills

[PAGE 62]
62 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F ing world. Ferrari firmly believes that the hybrid powertrain can further increase performance, as evidenced by the four hybrid cars currently in our product portfolio. • Electric – leveraging strong commonalities with the internal combustion engine, including tech- nology transfer from the racing world, precision mechanics, fluid-dynamics and performance software, electric technology will also provide unique elements, driving emotions and the thrills of a true Ferrari. The worlds of electric and combustion engines have many similarities, including: • the racing world - Formula 1 and other racing competitions were and will be the starting point for the development and test of new contents to use on our range cars. For instance, the archi- tecture of our electric engine is racing derived; but the challenge has been to industrialize that engine, in order to move from unitary produc- tion to that of thousands of units. A challenge that we have met thanks to the precision mechanics know-how already existing in Maranello; • the fluid dynamics - cooling systems are key to, among other things, the performance and dura- bility of electric engines. We use our know-how on combustion engine cooling systems to devel- op the best and most efficient solutions for our future electric engines; and • the performance software - the performance software, as we apply everything we have learned over the years in the combustion world to the new challenges of the electrification era. Ferrari Dynamic and Sensors Sensors and the relevant know-how built over de- cades contribute to the driving thrills and perfor- mance, as well as reliability and car safety. Our first sensor, a position sensor, was adopted in 1980 on the Ferrari 308GTBi. Now, a Ferrari car can have hundreds of sensors, including accelerome- ters, gyroscopes, microphones, and others, which improve vehicle dynamics as well as performance and driving thrills. In the near future, our cars will be equipped with new sensors that will allow us to further improve the existing features and enable new functions, and that will play a fundamental role on battery manage- ment, increasing the life of the battery as well as the safety of our cars. Longer term, new sensors tech- nology will allow for new applications and a step-up in performance. By combining sensors and software, it will be pos- sible to further improve the performance and driving thrills of our cars. For example, comparing a Ferrari with a 6D sensor and one without it, we have reduced our braking distance by approximately 10% thanks to the information collected through accelerometers, gyroscopes, and the deep control vehicle software know-how. Another example is the FAST (“Ferrari Active Suspension Technology”), a technology first introduced on the Purosangue that enables our cars to apply the best suspension for every driving condi- tion by keeping the vehicle body at the best elevation for riding. FAST controls body roll in corners as well as the tire contact patch over high-frequency bumps. Architecture The other principal technical area we are focusing on is architecture. Our architecture covers all princi- pal technical specifications of future Ferrari models. We expect that innovation requirements will arise principally from: the evolution of engine families; the level of hybridization and electrification; modes of traction; the number of seats up to a real four-seat- er; and the body style, which will vary much more significantly than in the past. We expect that our core architectures will be the rear-mid-engine architecture and the front-mid-en- gine architecture, each comprising several variants. FERRARI ARCHITECTURE: MAXIMUM PERFORMANCE AND FLEXIBILITY ENGINE DRIVELINE ICE HYBRID V6 V6 FULL ELECTRIC V8 V12 V8 TECHNOLOGY AS A MEAN TO PROVIDE A WIDER OFFERING 2 WD 4 WD

[PAGE 63]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 63 BOARD REPORT Autonomous driving and connectivity While we do not intend to develop self-driving cars, we will adopt certain features of autonomous driv- ing technology in response to regulatory develop- ments and customer preferences, especially in the Range segment. For example, in 2018 we launched initial functionalities for Advanced Driving Assistant Systems (ADAS) such as predictive braking and au- tomatic cruise control on current models, and fur- ther innovations will be introduced in future models. Ferrari is carefully monitoring the evolution of autonomous driving technologies, including sen- sors, new chips, artificial intelligence and connec- tivity, and we will select and customize those inno- vations compatible with the Ferrari experience and the highest security standards. These technologies combined with the hybridization and the incom- ing cybersecurity requirements will also have an important impact on the electronic architecture of our cars and we are presently developing our future electrical and electronic architecture to take into account these requirements. “MAKE OR BUY” APPROACH Ferrari will continue to develop and produce its core components in-house with a strong focus on innova- tion, while co-developing and tailoring best-in-class existing solutions with selected partners. Strategic partnerships in non-core hardware and software areas will provide access to state-of-the-art technol- ogies, helping to maintain a disciplined approach to- wards investment whilst enhancing design, perfor- mance and driving thrills. MANUFACTURING Our production facilities are located in Maranello and in Modena, Italy (see “—Properties”). Our produc- tion processes include supply chain management and production of cars in our Range models and Special Series, as well as assembly of prototypes and avanseries. Notwithstanding the low volumes of cars pro- duced, our production process requires a great variety of inputs (over 70,000 product identifier codes sourced from approximately 500 total sup- pliers) entailing complex supply chain manage- ment to ensure continuity of production. Our stock of supplies is warehoused in or near Maranello, and its management is outsourced to a third party logistics company. Production of our cars starts with the alumi- num bodyworks at our plant in Modena (Carrozzeria Scaglietti) and the remainder of the manufacturing process takes place at our plant in Maranello, includ- ing aluminum alloy casting in our foundry, engine construction, mechanical machining, painting, car assembly and bench testing. All parts and compo- nents not produced in house at Ferrari are sourced from our panel of suppliers (see “—Procurement”). In recent years we have made significant invest- ments in our manufacturing facilities. Equipment may require substantial investment with the introduction of new models or to maintain state-of-the-art tech- nology, particularly in the case of shell tools for the foundry, tools for machining, feature tools for body welding and special mounting equipment for the as- sembly. Since 2021 we have been acquiring additional resources and production equipment, mainly in rela- tion to Battery Electric Vehicles (“BEVs”), to success- fully manage the new technological advancements and related challenges resulting from the transition to electrification. Our BEVs and related components are produced in our e-building, a strategic asset that was inaugurated in June 2024. For additional informa- tion relating to our e-building see “—Properties”) As at December 31, 2024, our production pro- cesses employed 1,797 engineers, technicians and other personnel (184 white collar employees and 1,613 blue collar, of which 443 were agency pro- duction workers). Our flexible production structure and organization allow us to adjust and increase our production capacity to accommodate our expected production requirements. This is primarily due to the low volume of cars we produce per year and to our highly skilled and flexible employee base that can be deployed across various production areas, as well as to our new e-building, which is based on the concept of flexibility. In addition, we can adjust our make-or-buy strategies to address fluctuations in the level of demand on our internal production resources. We constantly work to increase the uti- lization rate and reduce the internal scrap rate and we closely monitor an index of our production effi- ciency. We are also ambitious to continually improve the reliability of our cars, reducing defects, and opti- mize finishing. Unlike most low volume car producers, we oper- ate our own foundry and machining department producing several of the main components of our engines, such as engine blocks, cylinder heads and crankshafts. We believe this accelerates product development and results in components that meet our specifications more closely. Engine Production Our engines are produced according to a verti- cal structure, from the casting of aluminum in our foundry up to the final assembly and testing of the engine. Several of the main components of our en- gines, such as blocks and cylinder heads are pro- duced at our foundry in Maranello. For this purpose, we use a special aluminum alloy that includes seven percent silicon and a trace of iron, which improves mechanical integrity, as well as our own shell and sand casting molds. Once all components are ready, engines are assembled on different lines for our V12 engines, our V8 and V6 engines. The assembly pro- cess is a combination of automatic and manual op- erations. At the start of the assembly process, each engine is identified with a barcode and operations

[PAGE 64]
64 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F are recorded electronically. Every engine goes to the test benches to ensure it delivers the expected performance: approximately 90 to 95 percent of en- gines are cold tested and approximately 5 to 10 per- cent of engines are also hot tested and measured for power and torque. Body Assembly In parallel with the assembly of our engines, we pre- pare our body-shells at our body shop Carrozzeria Scaglietti in Modena. At Carrozzeria Scaglietti we have two different production lines dedicated to the assembly of our aluminum bodies (V6-V8 and V12), as well as a dedicated line for special series with carbon fiber body (Daytona SP3 and F80). The main components of the body-shells are not pro- duced internally, but are sourced from manufac- turers of chassis, bodies and carbon fiber parts. Through a mix of high-precision robots as well as highly skilled craftsmanship, we carefully assem- ble and check the geometric alignment of the var- ious parts with mechanical gauges as well as 3D measuring machines. Then, we carry out aesthet- ic controls on the surface of the aluminum panels, to eliminate any imperfections by either filing or panel beating. Our highly qualified specialists man- age specific phases of body-shell manufacturing, such as the completely manual execution of the “aesthetic welding”, a unique joint weld between flank and roof of certain models (the Roma and 812 Competizione families), giving the impression that the body is one single piece. Painting When transferred to our paint shop, the bodies are mounted on a loading bay, immersed in the catapho- resis tanks and subsequently transferred to a fix- ing gas fired oven at 180°C. After the cataphoresis, the sealing phase of the body is largely automated. Primers are then applied and fixed at 190°C until the completely grey body-shell is ready for painting. All body-shells are cleaned with automatic pressure blowers (to avoid the electrostatic effect) and care- fully brushed with emu feathers (because of their natural electrostatic properties) to clean off any dirt particles or impurities before painting. The painting process is automated for larger surfaces, while it is done by hand for some other localized areas. In 2019, we replaced the robot which performs the applica- tion of the base coat. The whole car is painted at the same time to ensure color harmony. The bodies are finally polished with lacquer to fix the paint and give the bodies their final finish. In 2018, we substituted our clear coat with a new generation 2K (bi-compo- nent) transparent coat that allows us to decrease the temperature of the oven from 140°C to 90°C; this is a very innovative process that allows us to simultane- ously paint aluminum and carbon fiber parts. At the end of the process “aesthetic blacks” are realized by painting any gaps in the car matte black finish. Assembly Line and Final Checks The final assembly of our cars takes place in Maranello. For each model, the initial assembly op- erations generally take place simultaneously on dif- ferent lines and sections to maximize efficiency so while the body is assembled on the main line, the powertrain, as well as the cockpit and the doors, are prepared on a separate sub-line. Furthermore, our new e-building, which we inaugurated in June 2024, is based on the concept of flexibility, and will be used to produce and develop models with internal com- bustion, hybrid and full electric powertrains, as well as strategic electrical components. Personalization and Road Tests During the assembly process of our cars we manage the fitting of all bespoke interiors, components and special equipment options that our clients choose as part of our personalization program (see “—Sports Car Line-Up—Personalization Offer”). After the as- sembly phase, every car completes a 60-kilometer road test-drive. Finishing and Cleaning After the road test all cars go to the finishing depart- ment. There, we thoroughly clean interior and exte- rior, perform a comprehensive review of the whole car, and polish and finish the bodies to give them their final appearance. PROCUREMENT We source a variety of components, raw materials, supplies, utilities, logistics and other services from numerous suppliers. We recognize the contribution of our suppliers to our success in pursuing excel- lence in terms of luxury and performance, therefore we carefully select suppliers that are able to meet our high standards. For the sourcing of certain key components with highly technological specifications, we have devel- oped strongly synergic relationships with some of our suppliers, which we consider “key strategic innovation partners”. We currently rely on selected key strategic innovation partners, including for the supply of transmissions and brakes. We have also developed strong relationships with other industrial partners for bodyworks and chassis manufactur- ing and for powertrain and transmissions, among other things. Pursuant to our make-or-buy strategy, we generally retain production in-house whenever we have an interest in preserving or developing technological know-how or when we believe that outsourcing would impair the efficiency and flexi- bility of our production process. Therefore, we con- tinue to invest in the skills and processes required for low-volume production of components that we believe improve product quality.

[PAGE 65]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 65 BOARD REPORT For the year ended December 31, 2024, the purchas- es from our ten largest suppliers by value accounted for approximately 23 percent of total procurement costs, and no supplier accounted for more than 5 percent of our total procurement costs. SALES AND AFTER-SALES Our commercial team is organized in four geo- graphic areas, covering our principal regional end markets: (i) EMEA, (ii) Americas, (iii) Mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan, and (iv) Rest of APAC. Dealer Network We sell our cars exclusively through a network of authorized dealers (with the exception of one-offs and track cars which we sell directly to end cli- ents). In our larger markets we act as importer ei- ther through wholly owned subsidiaries or, in China, through a subsidiary partly owned by a local part- ner, and we sell the cars to dealers for resale to end clients. In smaller markets we generally sell the cars to a single importer/dealer. We regularly assess the composition of our dealer network in order to maintain the highest level of quality. At December 31, 2024, our network comprised 180 dealers operat- ing 200 points of sale. We do not presently own dealerships and, while our strategy does not structurally contemplate own- ing dealerships, we retain flexibility to adapt to evolv- ing market requirements over time. We believe that our careful and strict selection of the dealers that sell our cars is a key factor for pro- moting the integrity and success of our brand. Our selection criteria are based on the candidates’ rep- utation, financial stability and proven track records. We are also intent on selecting dealers who are able to provide a purchase and after-sales experience aimed at exceeding our clients’ high expectations. Furthermore, our dealers are committed to promot- ing and marketing our cars in a manner intended to preserve the Ferrari brand integrity and to ensure the highest level of client satisfaction. While dealers may hold multiple franchises, we enjoy a high degree of prominence and level of rep- resentation at each point of sale, where the great majority of the client interface and retail experi- ence is exclusive to Ferrari. Our network and busi- ness development team works with all dealers to ensure our operating standards are met. Our rigor- ous design, layout and corporate identity guidelines guarantee uniformity of the Ferrari image and client interface. Our dealer network has consistently and pro- actively invested in its facilities in recent years and the majority of our dealer network’s worldwide facilities have been upgraded with the latest Ferrari corporate identity guidelines in order to provide cli- ents with a superior experience while delivering a unique luxury environment and digital touchpoints to complement the physical space. In 2024 we pre- sented further iterations of the Ferrari corporate identity to the dealer network and selected pilot projects around the world have started the imple- mentation process. Furthermore, at the end of 2023, Ferrari pre- sented to its dealer network the Company’s vision on the new Ferrari point of sale, continuing to invest in a strategy aimed at delivering a superior client experi- ence and to foster the relationship between Ferrari and its client community to an even higher level. The implementation started in 2024 and the first opening is planned for 2025. Ferrari also uses an omni-touchpoint strategy and continues to engage with dealers and clients at different levels. The client engagement typically takes place at the dealerships, whose ability to pro- mote the client-community life has been reinforced via a new corporate identity implemented in recent years, but also through digital touchpoints such as the MyFerrari App, and through a plan of exclu- sive experiences organized at our headquarters in Maranello, as well as at a regional or dealer level. Client engagement activities typically feature vari- ous car driving opportunities, both on track and on the road. We have also developed and implemented several engagement activities aimed at gathering the client community and promoting the discov- ery of our brand, including through experience touchpoints. The Casa Ferrari hospitality has been proposed for several years and 2024 saw the third application of the Universo Ferrari brand exhibition, which took place in Bangkok, Thailand, after the first edition outside of Maranello was held in Sydney, Australia, in 2022, and the second in Seoul, South Korea, in 2023. Other important formats of client engagement introduced in 2023 were continued in 2024, like the second Tribute to Le Mans and the second Legacy Tour this year, dedicated to Ferrari’s GTO, also com- monly known as 288 GTO. In May 2024, Ferrari orga- nized for the first time a unique event during the F1 Grand Prix in Miami, expression of our three key dimensions, Racing, Lifestyle and Sports cars, and involving our top clientele, with the simultaneous launch of a dedicated Lifestyle capsule collection and of two new car models, the new 12Cilindri and the 12Cilindri Spider. Competence building and training are also key to the implementation of our strategy. Through our in-house Ferrari Academy we provide training to dealers for sales, after-sales and technical activi- ties. This ensures that our dealer network delivers a consistent level of market leading standards across diverse cultural environments. In recent years we have adapted our training strategy by introducing and enhancing virtual-training solutions, while con- tinuing to foster expertise in the network at the high- est level. We also introduced new courses in areas such as digital commercial execution and luxury experience management, as well as design applied to the personalization experience for clients, with the aim of delivering the best possible client expe-

[PAGE 66]
66 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F rience. Moreover, in 2024, we conducted the first pilot editions of our new “In Dealership Coaching” program, aimed at further building our retail com- petence on how to achieve the desired level of excel- lence in client management. We collect and observe data relating to dealer profitability and financial health to prevent or mit- igate any adverse experience for clients arising from a dealer ceasing to do business or experienc- ing financial difficulties. Our regional executives visit dealerships regularly to monitor and measure per- formance and compliance with our operating stan- dards. We have the right to terminate dealer rela- tionships in a variety of circumstances, including failure to meet performance or financial standards, or failure to comply with our guidelines. Dealer turn- over is relatively low, reflecting the strength of the franchise and our selection processes, but is suffi- cient to guarantee an orderly renewal over time and to stimulate the network’s health and performance. We provide a suggested retail price or a maxi- mum retail price for all of our cars, but each dealer is free to negotiate different prices with clients and to provide financing. Although many of our clients in certain markets purchase our cars from dealers without financing, we offer direct or indirect finance and leasing services to retail clients and to dealers. (See “—Financial Services”). The total number of our dealers as well as their geographical distribution tends to closely reflect the development or expected development of sales vol- umes to end clients in our various markets over time. The chart below sets forth the geographic distribu- tion of our 200 points of sale at December 31, 2024: GEOGRAPHIC DISTRIBUTION OF POINTS OF SALE (POS) AT DECEMBER 31, 2024 U.S.A. 45 Canada 5 Latin America 6 North Europe 15 Central Europe 15 West Europe 23 East Europe 14 South Europe 17 Middle East 11 Mainland China 18 Taiwan 3 Hong Kong 1 North East Asia 12 South East Asia 7 Australasia 8 HQ HUBS REGIONS POS POS POS POS POS POS POS POS POS POS POS POS POS POS POS Rest of APAC 27 POS Mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan 22 POS EMEA 95 POS Americas 56 POS Ferrari - Maranello

[PAGE 67]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 67 BOARD REPORT Our sales are diversified across our dealer network, with the largest dealer representing approximately 2.8% of our shipments, and our 15 largest dealers rep- resenting approximately 22% of our shipments in 2024. As part of our supply and demand management, we determine allocations based on various metrics including expected developments in the relevant market, the number of cars sold historically by the various dealers, current order book of dealers and the average waiting time of the end client in the rel- evant market. Our order reporting system allows us to collect and monitor information regarding end client orders and is able to assist us in production planning, allocation and dealer management. Parts We supply parts for current and older models of Ferrari to our authorized dealer network. In addition to substitution of spare parts during the life of the car, sales are driven by clients’ demand for parts to customize their cars and maximize performance, particularly after a change in ownership, as well as parts required to compete in the Ferrari Challenge and other client races. We also supply parts to Ferrari models currently out of production, with stocks dating back to 1995. The stock of parts for even older models is currently owned and managed by a third party which in some cases also manufac- tures out-of-stock parts based on our designs. The sale of parts is a profitable component of our prod- uct mix and is expected to benefit from the increase in the number of Ferrari cars in circulation. After-Sales Dealers provide after-sales services to clients, ei- ther at facilities adjacent to showrooms or in stand- alone service points across 252 facilities worldwide at December 31, 2024. After-sales activities are very important for our business to ensure the client’s continued enjoyment of the car and the experience. Therefore, we enforce a strict quality control on our dealers’ services activities and we provide continued training and support to the dealers’ service person- nel. This includes our team of “flying doctors”, Ferrari engineers who regularly travel to service centers to address difficult technical issues for our clients. We sell cars together with a scheduled program of recommended maintenance services in order to ensure that these cars are maintained to the highest standards to meet our strict requirements for per- formance and safety. Our 7 Year Maintenance Program (free of charge for customers since 2011 on any new cars) is offered to further strengthen customer retention in the offi- cial network and has been coupled with the possi- bility to extend the statutory warranty term of our standard warranty terms through the Warranty Extension starting from the 3rd year up to the 7th year and the Power Warranty Coverage, covering from the 8th year up to the 16th year of life of the car. For certain strictly limited series cars (for example, the Monza SP1 and SP2, and the Daytona SP3) we intro- duced a Full Warranty Coverage Extension that can be applied after the 36-month commercial contrac- tual warranty. For hybrid models, such as the SF90 family and the 296 family, we introduced a new ser- vice called Warranty Extension Hybrid, which allows the owner to buy a complete coverage after the 3rd year up to the 8th, including replacement of the high voltage battery at the 8th year of life of the car. After the 8th year of life, a car (if in perfect main- tenance condition) can be included in the Main Power warranty coverage program (Maintenance and Power) through to the car’s 16th year of life. Between the 16th year of life and the Classiche eligibility (20 year old car) Ferrari provides its customers, in addi- tion to standard maintenance items, also certain specific maintenance kits (Ferrari Premium) to pre- serve car performance and safety systems. When a car follows the full maintenance program up to the 20th year of life, it automatically obtains the Ferrari Classiche certification. While we do not have any direct involvement in pre-owned car sales, we seek to support a healthy secondary market in order to promote the value of our brand, benefit our clients and facilitate sales of new cars. Our dealers provide an inspection service for clients seeking to sell their car which involves detailed checks on the car and a certification on which the client can rely, covering, among other things, the authenticity of the car, the conformity to original technical specifications, and the state of repair. Furthermore, we offer owners of classic Ferrari cars maintenance and restoration services through the 73 Officina Ferrari Classiche work- shops that form part of our service network. In addition, owners of our classic cars can seek assistance in car and engine restorations at our Ferrari Classiche department in Maranello. FINANCIAL SERVICES We offer retail client financing for the purchase of our cars through the operations of Ferrari Financial Services (“FFS”): • directly in the United States through our fully owned subsidiary Ferrari Financial Services Inc. (“FFS Inc”); • through Ferrari Financial Services GmbH (in partnership with CA Auto Bank) in certain mar- kets in EMEA (primarily the UK, Germany and Switzerland); and • through various partnerships, which may also provide financing to our dealers, in other European countries and other major internation- al markets, such as Japan and Mainland China. Through FFS, we offer a range of flexible, bespoke financial and ancillary services to clients (both cur- rent and new) interested in purchasing a wide range of cars, from our current product range to older

[PAGE 68]
68 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F pre-owned and classic models. FFS also provides special financing arrangements to a selected group of our most valuable and loyal customers. At December 31, 2024, the consolidated financial services portfolio was €1,662 million and entirely originated in the United States. CLIENT RELATIONS Our clients are the backbone of our business to- gether with our brand and our technology. We do not promote our brand or our cars through general advertising. Our main brand marketing and promo- tional activities have two principal targets. Firstly, we target the general public. Our most sig- nificant effort in this respect is centered on our racing activities and the resonance of Scuderia Ferrari (see “—Racing—Formula 1”). We also reach the general public through the activities of our lifestyle division, through the sale of luxury goods at our stores and online, the brand’s experience parks and museums, and collectibles. We also engage in other brand-pro- motional activities through digital platforms such as eSports, and our official social media channels. Secondly, we target existing and prospective cli- ents on both new car and preowned car sales, seeking to promote clients’ knowledge of our products, and their enjoyment of our cars both on road and on track, and to foster long-term relationships with our clients, which is key to our success. In 2024, almost 81% of our new cars were sold to existing Ferrari owners. In recent years, we have pursued a carefully designed enlargement and rejuvenation of our client base, while always respecting the principle of exclusivity. From December 2023 to December 2024 we con- tinued to grow our active client base by 2.5%, rejuve- nated our loyal client base with more than 30% of new clients below 40 years old, and nurtured our best col- lectors who have increased the average number of Ferrari cars they own by approximately 11%. By purchasing our cars, clients become part of a select community sharing a primary association with the Ferrari image and we foster this sense of fellow- ship with a number of initiatives. We strive to maxi- mize the experience of our clients throughout their period of interaction with Ferrari – from first contact, through purchasing decision process, to waiting-time management and car delivery and enjoyment. Recognizing the importance of digital touch- points to enhance the overall client experience, Ferrari continues to develop the MyFerrari App, available exclusively for Ferrari clients to enhance and foster their connection to the Ferrari world through the direct distribution of tailored content. This channel enables clients to directly access fea- tures and services, strengthening their relationship with the brand and their preferred official Ferrari dealer. Moreover, Ferrari dedicates specific atten- tion to Ferrari clients who have ordered a new car by enriching their waiting time with dedicated digital content to reinforce their engagement and connec- tion with the Ferrari world. Client and Brand Events Client events are a cornerstone in fostering a sense of community and loyalty within the Ferrari family. In May 2024, we organized a truly remarkable gathering in Miami, where Ferrari hosted a series of unforgettable events bringing together the three key dimensions of Ferrari — Racing, Sports Cars, and Lifestyle — marking a global celebration with the Cavalcade International. The event included the 12Cilindri World Premiere (Sports Cars), the F1 Grand Prix (Racing) and the Capsule collection pre- sentation (Lifestyle). In June 2024 Ferrari organized a Casa Ferrari event at the Le Mans circuit, hosting approximately 900 guests and including accommodations within the circuit for a limited number of clients in cele- bration of the 24 Hours of Le Mans. The members of the Hyperclub and Le Club programmes, as well as other international clients, came together to experi- ence the adrenaline of one of the world’s most iconic race. Casa Ferrari served as the vibrant epicenter throughout the weekend, culminating in Ferrari’s his- toric 1st and 2nd place finish with the 499P Hypercar. October 2024 was the busiest month on the event calendar. The launch of the F80 took place in the brand-new e-building, a futuristic venue that perfectly balances Ferrari’s rich tradition with for- ward-thinking innovation, symbolizing the compa- ny’s future journey. The month closed with the Finali Mondiali at Imola, a celebration of the racing season, where clients were welcomed to Casa Ferrari for a fusion of adrenaline and lifestyle throughout a week of racing activities. Client Experience on Road Ferrari’s driving events have two main goals: provid- ing clients with the excitement of driving Ferrari’s high-performance cars and strengthening brand loyalty to encourage continued engagement. These events are designed for a passionate and varied Ferrari community, offering tailored experiences for modern car enthusiasts, classic car collectors, and track racing loyalists. Encouraging clients’ passion for driving is a key aspect of Ferrari’s commercial strategy, especially in markets where racing traditions are less estab- lished. Among our programs and events are: • Esperienza Ferrari: which offers exclusive driv- ing sessions with Ferrari’s expert instructors, providing an opportunity for both prospective and existing clients to experience the latest mod- els. Throughout 2024, the Esperienza Ferrari program at Fiorano allowed clients to engage with the Ferrari brand firsthand, testing models such as the Ferrari Roma Spider on the road and the 296 GTB on the track; and • Corso Pilota: a program that consists of driving courses designed to accommodate various skill levels, offering essential techniques for master-

[PAGE 69]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 69 BOARD REPORT ing high-performance vehicles. For instance, the Corso Pilota Classiche usually offers a unique opportunity to drive Ferrari’s iconic models on Fiorano, our company’s historic race circuit, and on the frozen lake of St Moritz. In addition to the Miami Cavalcade International ex- perience in May, the Cavalcade journey continued in late June and early July with the Ferrari Cavalcade event in Venice, where participants drove scenic roads through historic hilltop towns with breathtak- ing views of the Dolomites. The event culminated in an exclusive gala dinner on July 4th, which included a charity auction aimed at supporting Ferrari’s com- mitment to education. Moreover, the Cavalcade Classiche Family Reunion, held in mid-September, provided a “travel- ing museum” experience, showcasing over 60 clas- sic Ferrari models. This event allowed participants to explore the stunning landscapes of Friuli Venezia Giulia and Slovenia. In addition to the above, Ferrari takes part in prestigious driving events such as the Ferrari Tribute to Mille Miglia and the Ferrari Tribute to Targa Florio, where modern Ferrari cars race before the commencement of the main events. In 2024, Ferrari also honored the 24 Hours of Le Mans with a five- day tour showcasing some of Maranello’s most iconic cars, traveling from Cognac to the La Sarthe circuit. The Ferrari Tribute to Le Mans ended with a parade around the track on the Saturday morning before the race. • Ferrari Tours: we also offer owners a unique op- portunity to embark on exclusive journeys across Italy, allowing them to experience the thrill of driv- ing their cars through some of the world’s most stunning and meticulously chosen landscapes. These carefully crafted routes are designed to provide not only exhilarating driving experienc- es but also the chance to discover cultural land- marks, scenic vistas, and luxurious destinations, making for an unforgettable adventure. In 2024, three Ferrari Tours were specifically dedicated to our clients from the Far and Middle East. Ferrari also organized the Legacy Tour, of which we held the second edition in 2024, celebrating the 40th anniversary of the Ferrari 288 GTO. Over three days, more than 20 Ferrari GTOs from around the world travelled across Italy’s most scenic roads, ending in Fiorano, the birthplace of this iconic model. Client Experience On Track In 2024, the Corse Clienti season was intense, rich in innovation and participation, confirm the growth trend observed in recent years. With the Ferrari Challenge Trofeo Pirelli we intro- duced the Ferrari 296 Challenge in the international series (Europe and North America), the ninth Ferrari car in the history of the one-make series, which was presented during the Finali Mondiali. At events in Europe and the United States it was met with great enthusiasm by participants, resulting in an average of 70 drivers on the entry list for European events and 80 for U.S. events. Participation at series events in the UK and Japan were in line with previous years. The introduction of the Australasia series was announced during the year and will start in 2025 with the Ferrari 296 Challenge competing on tracks in Australia. The Ferrari Challenge Trofeo Pirelli event that closed the Corse Clienti competitive season took place at Imola, where it registered record atten- dance of 33,000 fans despite challenging weather conditions. A total of 111 drivers from 28 different countries entered the races, competing in the final rounds of the European and North American series, as well as for the world championship title. Before the beginning of the Ferrari show that took place on Sunday October 20, 2024, to celebrate victories at the 24 Hours of Le Mans and the Lone Star Le Mans; two 499P, the cars numbered 50 and 51, which competed in the FIA World Endurance Championship, took part in a parade starting from the center of Imola and culminating on the Santerno circuit, where they appeared alongside the F80 and other cars from the Endurance and Corse Clienti departments. Additionally, in 2024 we launched the new Sport Prototipi Clienti program with the Ferrari 499P Modificata, allowing owners of the car derived from the Hypercar 499P that won the 24 Hours of Le Mans to participate in a dedicated event shared with F1 Clienti and XX Programme. The first event of the new programme was held in March, at the Mugello circuit, with a 499P Modificata running on the Tuscan track. Over the course of the year, the number of partici- pants rose to 10 during the Finali Mondiali weekend held at Imola in October. The non-competitive programs, F1 Clienti, XX Programme, and Club Competizioni GT, take part in exclusive non-competitive events on the world’s most iconic tracks, organizing prestigious experi- ences for clients, both on and off the track. At this year’s Finali Mondiali, a record-breaking 130 drivers and 101 cars registered, marking the highest num- ber of participants in a single event. The Corso Pilota continued to offer customers a variety of track driving courses catering to differ- ent skill levels and experiences (Sport, Evoluzione+, Race, On Ice) or service (Personal Coaching), teach- ing essential skills for high-performance cars using the most advanced and effective teaching method- ologies and technologies. Ferrari Classiche The Ferrari Classiche department supports Ferrari clients in managing their historic Ferrari vehicles (over 20 years from their production) with the ob- jective of keeping as many of these classic cars on the road as possible. Services include the certifica- tion of the authenticity of classic Ferrari cars and vehicles of particular historical relevance, the man-

[PAGE 70]
70 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F agement of Ferrari restoration and repair activities, as well as the management of Ferrari spare parts, including when these are no longer available on the market. The department also provides advice on repair operations carried out on Ferrari Classiche cars within its network. Ferrari Classiche aims to create a platform of information and technical expertise to preserve and enhance over time the awareness and value of Ferrari’s heritage and brand. We view the surviving Ferrari vehicles of historical value as the tangible leg- acy and incarnation of our brand. The Ferrari Classiche department also supports and encourages the direct participation of clients in strategic historical events. The Ferrari Classiche department in Maranello consists of an office of specialists and a work- shop in which historic cars are checked, restored and repaired. In addition, in order to provide an enhanced service to owners away from the main workshop in Maranello, starting from 2017 Ferrari Classiche authorized a new service network with 73 Officina Ferrari Classiche workshops active to date, primarily for vehicle repairs and the certifications’ inspections or revalidation. The network is expected to expand in the future. The authenticity of the car with respect to the ini- tial specifications is checked via a technical inspec- tion, performed either at the Ferrari Classiche facility in Maranello or at an authorized workshop, and benefits from a comprehensive archive con- taining drawings of each of the individual chassis and details of historical components. Based on the evidence gathered during this inspection, the car is then presented to an expert committee, chaired by the founder’s son, Piero Ferrari, for the certification. At the Maranello workshop, Ferrari Classiche carries out full restorations or maintenance ser- vices using either original components and spare parts or replicas manufactured in accordance with the original specifications. Our service offers our cli- ents the opportunity to restore or maintain any clas- sic Ferrari to its original pristine conditions. The Ferrari Classiche department also provides basic technical and instructional support to the Ferrari Classiche Academy, a new driving school project that launched in 2019 for vintage Ferrari cars, including the Ferrari 308, Ferrari 328, 550 Maranello, MondialT, 250 GT Lusso, 365 GTB4. The Ferrari Classiche department also offers assistance services to clients willing to attend driv- ing events (such as 1000 Miglia or other rally and tour) or static events (such as concours of elegance). RACING Participation in the FIA Formula 1 World Championship with Scuderia Ferrari and in the World Endurance Championship with the Ferrari Endurance Team is a core element of our marketing effort and promotion- al activities, as well as an important source of inno- vation for the support of the technological advance- ment of Ferrari’s product portfolio. We also compete in the F1 Esports Championship with the Scuderia Ferrari Esports Team and we own the Mugello racing circuit in Scarperia, near Florence, which we rent to racing events organizers. Each of these items is fur- ther discussed below. Formula 1 The FIA Formula 1 World Championship is the pin- nacle of motorsports and one of the most watched annual sports series in the world, with approximate- ly 1.3 billion cumulative TV audience, 65 million aver- age weekend viewership, 20 million average digital and F1 TV viewership and 94 million social media fol- lowers (Source: 2024 Liberty Investor Meeting). Formula 1 cars rely on advanced technology, pow- erful hybrid engines and cutting edge aerodynamics. While Europe is the sport’s traditional base, longstand- ing non-European venues such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, Japan, Mexico and the United States have been joined in the last two decades by racing venues in China, Bahrain, United Arab Emirates, Singapore, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and Azerbaijan. This provides participants in the Formula 1 World Championship exceptional visibility on the world stage. Scuderia Ferrari has been racing in the Formula 1 World Championship since the series was launched in 1950, and won its first Grand Prix in 1951. We are the only team that has competed in each sea- son since launch and the oldest and most success- ful in the history of Formula 1, with 248 Grand Prix wins. Throughout our racing history, we have won 15 Drivers’ Championships and 16 Constructors’ Championships, more than any other team. Many of the best known drivers in the sport’s history have raced in Scuderia Ferrari’s distinctive red cars including Alberto Ascari, Juan-Manuel Fangio, Mike Hawthorn, Phil Hill, John Surtees, Niki Lauda, Jody Scheckter, Gilles Villeneuve, Michael Schumacher, Sebastian Vettel and Kimi Raikkonen. Our drivers’ line-up in 2024 comprised Charles Leclerc, the first graduate of the Ferrari Driver Academy training scheme to race for our Formula 1 racing team, and Carlos Sainz, a tal- ented and experienced Spanish driver. In 2021, the new FIA financial regulations entered into force and are now applicable as updated in 2024, imposing a cap on certain expenses and invest- ments related to operations and the chassis of the cars which may be incurred by any single Formula 1 team. Moreover, development activities were also limited by the new regulation. In December 2021, the World Motor Sport Council validated the frame- work for the 2026 Power Unit (PU) Regulations, which include technical, operational and financial guidelines. The framework identifies key objectives related to, among other things, the environmental impact, cost reduction measures and competitive- ness of the FIA Formula 1 World Championship. A detailed document setting out the 2026 Power Unit Regulations was submitted to the World Motor Sport Council during the course of 2022. They will apply to power units starting from the 2026 sea-

[PAGE 71]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 71 BOARD REPORT son of the FIA Formula 1 World Championship and, consistent with the framework proposed to the Council, are mainly focused on the sustainability and innovation challenges of Formula 1. The 2026 Formula 1 Power Unit Regulations were approved in August 2022 and apply starting in 2023 for motors to be used in the 2026 season. In 2022, the World Motor Sport Council also approved changes to the 2022 and 2023 Formula 1 Technical Regulations to address safety matters. The Formula 1 2024 World Championship included 24 races. In terms of results, the season ended with second place for the Scuderia Ferrari in the Constructors’ Championship, with 652 points, five victories, twenty two podiums, four pole positions, and with third and fifth place finishes in the Drivers’ Championship, for Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz, respectively. Scuderia Ferrari’s continuing participation in the FIA Formula 1 World Championship over the five year period from 2021 to 2025 is governed by two agree- ments – widely known as New Concorde Agreement - signed on August 18, 2020. The first of such agree- ments governs the regulatory and governance as- pects of the sport, and the second governs the com- mercial aspects. The New Concorde Agreement recognizes the historical role of Ferrari, the only team that has participated in all Formula 1 World Championship editions since its inception. In ex- change for their participation in Formula 1 races, the participating teams receive a share of a prize fund based on the profits earned from Formula 1-related commercial activities managed by Formula 1, in- cluding in particular, promoters’ fees, television broadcasting royalties, partnership agreements and other sources. Shares in the prize fund are paid to the teams, largely based on the relative ranking of each team in the championship. Improvements in technology and, from time to time, changes in regulations typically require the design and production of a new racing car every year. Therefore, in addition to our long- term research and development efforts, we begin designing our cars each year in the spring, in anticipation of the start of the racing season the following March. While the chassis and the power unit we build each year are designed to be used throughout the racing season, the majority of other components fitted on our cars are adjusted from race to race depending on the characteris- tics of the circuits. To maximize the performance, efficiency and safe- ty of our Formula 1 cars, while complying with the strict technical rules and restrictions set out by the FIA, our research and development team plays a key role in the development of our road cars and their engines. We often transfer technologies initially de- veloped for racing to our road cars. Examples in- clude steering wheel paddles for gear-shifting, the use and development of composite materials, which make cars lighter and faster, aerodynamic concepts and technology related to hybrid propulsion. Our road cars (especially our sports car models) have benefited from the know-how acquired in the wind tunnel by our racing car development teams, enjoying greater stability as they reach high speeds on and off the track. Our research and development team focus on combining minimal lap times with maximum efficiency, leading to advances in kinetic energy recovery systems, or ERS, technology. Current advanced ERS features two electric motor/ generator units in every car, which allow the car to recover, store and deploy energy generated both by the vehicle during braking and by the exhaust gases through a turbocharger. The great visibility, both on traditional media and on digital platforms, that Scuderia Ferrari obtains thanks to its participation in the FIA Formula 1 World Championship continues to attract significant spon- sorships. The visibility and placement of partner logos on the car and team uniforms reflect their respective level of sponsorship. We use the platform provided by Formula 1 for a number of associated marketing initiatives, such as the hosting of clients and other key part- ners in Ferrari Formula 1 Club Hospitality to watch and experience the Grand Prix races with Scuderia Ferrari, and our Formula 1 drivers’ participation in various promotional activities for our road cars. We also often sell older Formula 1 cars to clients for use in amateur racing or collection. More generally, Formula 1 racing allows us to promote and market our brand and technology to a global audience without resorting to traditional advertising activities, therefore preserving the aura of exclusivity around our brand and limiting the mar- keting costs that we, as a company operating in the luxury industry, would otherwise incur. World Endurance Championship For the second consecutive year, Ferrari com- peted in the top class of the FIA World Endurance Championship, with two 499P cars fielded by the of- ficial Ferrari – AF Corse team in the Hypercar class, achieving very positive results. Ferrari made it to the podium with a third place in the Constructors’ standings, while the crews of the 499P numbered 50 ranked second in the Drivers’ standings. The Ferrari team – AF Corse secured four race podi- ums, including the victory at the 24 Hours of Le Mans where 499P car number 50 driven by Fuoco-Molina- Nielsen secured victory in front of a record crowd at the Circuit de La Sarthe of approximately 329 thou- sand spectators. This was the second consecutive victory, following the 2023 win at the Centenary 24 Hours of Le Mans of the 499P car number 51 driven by Pier Guidi-Calado-Giovinazzi. The private car numbered 83 achieved an over- all victory at the Lone Star Le Mans in Austin (USA) and during the season accumulated two first-place finishes and six class podiums, earning third place in the FIA World Cup for Hypercar Teams.

[PAGE 72]
72 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F The 296 LMGT3 made its debut in the LMGTE Am class, displaying steadily improving performance throughout the season. The two cars fielded by the official Vista AF Corse team achieved victories in the final two races, the 6 Hours of Fuji with the car driven by Rigon-Flohr-Castellacci and the 8 Hours of Bahrain with the car driven by Rovera-Heriau-Mann. Other GT Races During the 24 Hours of Daytona, the first round of the IMSA SportsCar Championship held in January 2024, Ferrari returned to victory in the iconic American endurance race after ten years, thanks to the result of the Ferrari 296 GT3 fielded by the Risi Competizione team and driven by Rigon-Serra-Pier Guidi-Calado. This success marked the beginning of a season where class victories and podiums con- firmed the growth of the 296 GT3. Indeed, the Ferrari 296 GT3 excelled in the most important championship for GT3 cars, the GT World Challenge Europe. With a third-place finish at the 6 Hours of Jeddah, Alessandro Pier Guidi and Alessio Rovera became champions in the overall standings of the Endurance Championship, while AF Corse – Francorchamps Motors triumphed in the most prestigious team category. The Driver and Team titles in the Gold Cup went to the crew of number 93 Sky Tempesta Racing car, driven by Jonathan Hui, Christopher Froggatt, and Eddie Cheever. Having also won the Sprint Cup, Cheever and Hui claimed the combined title in the Bronze class of the GT World Challenge (the latter is provisional until the appeal window for the result of Race 1 in Barcelona closes). By the end of 2024, the Ferrari 296 GT3 had secured 8 Driver titles and 5 Team titles across the various series, adding to the many titles won in the debut season in 2023. Among the 100 victories achieved, which also include those in the LMGT3 con- figuration, 24 are overall wins and 76 are class wins. Scuderia Ferrari Esports Team To further enhance the Ferrari experience, we have been increasing our focus on E-sports and the Scuderia Ferrari Esports Team now competes in the F1 Esports Sim Racing GT Challenge, Formula Sim Racing, VEC and SRO Esports Championship. Starting from 2023, the Ferrari Esports Series expanded to cover Europe, North America, and Asia Pacific with the aim to find new drivers for the Ferrari Esports Team and a pro- gram to reach a younger audience worldwide. Mugello Circuit Located in Scarperia just outside Firenze, for more than 100 years the Mugello Circuit has been one of the leading motorsport venues globally. Internationally renowned as the host venue for the Italian MotoGP Grand Prix since 1976 (and consec- utively since 1994), the Formula 1 Grand Prix of Tuscany Ferrari 1000 in 2020, and numerous in- ternational motorsports competitions, the 5,245 metres circuit mimicking the natural slopes of the Tuscan hills is also famed for its ultimate driving ex- perience and modern facilities. Originally a 66 km road circuit, the first motor- sport events held at Mugello starting from 1914 were regularity. Enzo Ferrari won in 1921 on an Alfa Romeo class 4.500. The current facilities were designed in the early 70’s and later re-modelled in 1988 when Ferrari bought the circuit. Year after year the track has seen consistent improvements in terms of safety with FIA Grade 1 and FIM Grade A certifications, the highest levels of homologation for a racetrack. In 2024, the circuit hosted 250 days of track activ- ities and 16 race weekends. The circuit was awarded the prize for the Best Grand Prix circuit for a MotoGP event five times (1995, 1996, 1997, 2000, 2011), and is also a leader in terms of its sustainability practices. It was the first circuit in the world to obtain FIA’s prestigious “Achievement of Excellence” in 2015 and to be certified according to the sustainable event man- agement system ISO 20121. Same as in 2023, in 2024, the annual analysis carried out by Enovation Consulting ltd. on 97 circuits worldwide, 23 of which host or have hosted a Formula 1 Grand Prix, con- tinued to feature the Mugello Circuit on top of the Sustainable Circuits Index, that ranks the sustain- ability performance of global circuits against seven key sustainability factors: certifications, accredita- tions, awards, environmental performance, social performance, economic impact, and sustainability approach and engagement. In 2024 all certifications (ISO 9001, ISO 14001, ISO 20121, Eco-Management & Audit Scheme) were renewed, including for the international stan- dards for sustainable and event management as well as the system of safety and health manage- ment on workplaces.

[PAGE 73]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 73 BOARD REPORT LIFESTYLE Ferrari’s presence in the wider luxury landscape is key to ensure brand relevance across generations. The role of Ferrari lifestyle is to foster growth by broadening our client base and expanding our val- ue proposition beyond our core business, while pre- serving our brand’s DNA, its heritage and values. The goal and mission of our lifestyle strategy is that of bringing to life a universe that encapsu- lates Ferrari’s DNA while accompanying our clients through different stages and moments of their lives. Over the past years, to strengthen brand desir- ability, Ferrari: • Entered into the personal luxury goods segment, a critical segment to broaden our client base, amplifying cultural relevance for the brand es- pecially for future generations. We also launched our clothing and apparel collection through ded- icated fashion shows. • Created a new organizational structure, formed by a dedicated and talented team with fashion and luxury expertise based in Milan and working closely with our team in Maranello. • Rationalized its licenses by terminating approxi- mately half of its license agreements where the product offering and distribution was not con- sistent with the positioning of the Ferrari brand. • Completed the rationalization of the retail network by closing 7 franchised stores and 4 directly op- erated stores considered unsuitable for Ferrari’s luxury positioning. We have since relocated and restyled our existing flagship boutiques and opened 3 new ones in the United States. Our in- ternational network of Ferrari Stores consisted of 15 Ferrari-owned directly operated stores and 2 franchised stores as of December 31, 2024. Ferrari Lifestyle has three pillars: (1) Personal Luxury Goods, (2) Collectibles and (3) Experience. 1 Personal Luxury Goods – dedicated to our own refined collection – ac- cessories, apparel and selected merchandising – embodying the style, creativity and quality that we stand for, balancing exclusiveness and in- clusiveness through a carefully combined mix of product categories. Importantly, we will continue to strengthen partnerships with selected licensees, which will allow us to play in complementary territories/cat- egories while being loyal to our brand’s DNA and positioning. Through our network of directly operated stores, we offer a wide range of Ferrari branded products, including our fashion collection and selected mer- chandising and licenses. PERSONAL LUXURY GOODS – COLLECTION

[PAGE 74]
74 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 2 Collectibles – builds on the concept of collectability by enlarging and customizing the portfolio of available Ferrari tokens and the offer of Ferrari branded products such as high-end watches and high-end writ- ing instruments, consumer electronics, sportswear, toys, leading video games, and other accessories. We will continue to expand the offer of products such as limited editions and one-off artifacts embodying the inherent craftsmanship and innovative spirit that lie behind the creation, design and manufacture of our cars. 3 Experience – Through this pillar we intend to nurture our heritage and celebrate our craftsmanship through dedicated and tailor-made expe- riences. We capture the essence of the Ferrari spirit by immersing cus- tomers in the racing history, passion and values of Ferrari, through our Ferrari museums in Modena and Maranello (which attracted more than 850,000 visitors in 2024), Il Cavallino restaurant in Maranello and our theme parks in Abu Dhabi and Spain. COLLECTIBLES AND MEMORABILIA MUSEUM AND PARKS

[PAGE 75]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 75 BOARD REPORT INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY We own a number of registered designs and utility patents. We expect the number to grow as we con- tinue to pursue technological innovations and to de- velop our design and brand activities. We file patent applications in Europe, and around the world (including in the United States) to protect technology and improvements considered import- ant to our business. No single patent is material to our business as a whole. We also own a number of registered trademarks, designs and patents, including approximately 550 trademarks (word or figurative), registered in sev- eral countries and across a number classes. In par- ticular, we ensure that the maximum level of protec- tion is given to the following iconic trademarks, for which we own approximately 4,250 applications/ registrations in approximately 150 countries, in most of the main classes for goods and services: The names of our Range, Special Series, Icona and Supercar models and Formula 1 single-seater mod- els are also registered as trademarks (and logo- types) and we also register their domain names and the cars’ design. The protection of intellectual property is also increasingly important in connection with our design and brand activities. Therefore, we adopt and follow internal processes and procedures to ensure both that all necessary protection is given to our intellec- tual property rights and that no third party rights are infringed by us. In addition, we are particularly active in seeking to limit any counterfeiting activities regarding our Ferrari branded products around the world. To reach this goal we closely monitor trade- mark applications and domain names worldwide, actively interact with national and local authorities and customs and avail ourselves of a network of experienced outside counsels. PROPERTIES Our principal manufacturing facility is located in Maranello (Modena), Italy. It has an aggregate cov- ered area of approximately 832 thousand square meters. Our Maranello plant hosts our corporate of- fices and most of the facilities we operate for the de- sign, development and production of our road and track cars, as well as of our Formula 1 single-seat- ers. (See “—Manufacturing”). Except for some leased technical equipment, we own all of our facilities and equipment in Maranello. In recent years, we have made significant invest- ments in our manufacturing facilities. In 2015, we completed construction of the new building entirely dedicated to our Formula 1 team and racing activi- ties, as well as the new wind tunnel 4WD. In 2018, we completed the new building for the Ferrari Design Centre, which covers more than 7 thousand square meters. In 2019, we completed the office area and workshop area of the New Technical Center for the development of engines and hybrid systems. The entire building and the engine and hybrid test benches cover an area of approximately 20 thou- sand square meters and were completed in 2021. In 2021, we completed the construction of the new building related to new GT sport activities (which covers an area of approximately 6 thousand REGISTERED TRADEMARKS, DESIGNS AND PATENTS “FERRARI” (WORD) “FERRARI” LOGOTYPE THE “PRANCING HORSE” (FIGURATIVE) THE TRADEMARK (FIGURATIVE) THE RACING SHIELD (FIGURATIVE) SCUDERIA FERRARI (WORD & FIGURATIVE) FERRARI SCUDERIA FERRARI

[PAGE 76]
76 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F square meters near the Fiorano track), the new building for our Formula 1 simulator and the ren- ovation of the offices used by our Marketing and Commercial department. Between 2019 and 2022 Ferrari acquired land and buildings near its Maranello plants and started the construction of the e-building, which we inau- gurated in June 2024 and is based on the concept of flexibility. With a total floor space of over 40 thousand square meters, the e-building is a strategic asset for the construction of electric motors, batteries, elec- tric axles and vehicle assembly. It features two floors, designed to achieve maximum levels of energy per- formance with heat pump air conditioning systems and a 1.3 MW photovoltaic system installed on the roof. Externally, the building is mainly made with both opaline and transparent glass panels which guaran- tee a high internal diffusion of natural light and high visual comfort, also supported by the study of colors and modern lighting materials. In addition to con- densing the best characteristics of environmental sustainability, the building offers internal and exter- nal spaces intended for the well-being of people through the presence of numerous relaxation areas. In 2023 Ferrari added an additional 8 thousand square meters to the New Technical Center in order to speed up the development of electrification activ- ities and boost the ability to test the strategic prod- uct range components. Furthermore, to support the development and production of Formula 1 compo- nents, the Mechanical department was expanded by approximately 2 thousand square meters. The increasing number of employees has made it neces- sary to construct, expand and modernize offices and workspaces. The new Marketing and Commercial Department offices and the 4WD Wind Tunnel enlargement, which enables the entire Product Development to accommodate more resources in line with the range plan, have been identified as the most significant buildings in 2023. The total area of these recently constructed buildings is about 4 thou- sand square meters. In order to attract the attention of Ferrari collaborators, we also moved forward with the development and restructuring of certain related facilities (company restaurant, health & care rooms, and infirmary). In 2024 we began the construction of our new paint shop on land we acquired in previous years. It will feature total space of approximately 65 thou- sand square meters over two floors. The new paint shop is an important element in our personalization offer in terms of the aesthetic appeal of our cars for Ferrari customers and it is being designed with innovative processes using state of the art painting technologies and a significant focus on sustainability and energy efficiency. Adjacent to the plant is our Fiorano track, built in 1972 and remodeled in 1996, and which covers approximately 3 thousand meters. The track also houses the Formula 1 logistics offices. Additional facilities in Maranello include a product development center, a hospitality area and the Ferrari museum. We also own the Mugello racing circuit in Scarperia, near Florence, which we rent to racing events organizers (see “—Racing—Mugello Circuit”).

[PAGE 77]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 77 BOARD REPORT We own a second plant in Modena, named Carrozzeria Scaglietti. At this approximately 26 thou- sand square meter plant we manufacture aluminum bodyworks for our regular Range, Special Series and prototype cars. The total carrying value of our property, plant and equipment at December 31, 2024 was €1,829 million. EMPLOYEES Human capital is a decisive factor in our success, building on our position as a global leader in the luxury sector and creating long-term, sustainable value. To recognize excellence, encourage profes- sional development and create equal opportunities, we adopt several initiatives, including our appraisal system to assess our middle-managers and white collar employees through performance manage- ment metrics; our talent management and succes- sion planning, in addition to assessment plans for blue collars; training and skill-building initiatives; employee satisfaction and engagement surveys, including our so-called “Ferrari League” programs; and flexible work arrangements, commuting pro- grams and a dedicated welfare program, Formula Benessere, which includes, among other programs, Formula Benessere Check-Up (provided for 2,528 employees) and Formula Benessere Junior (provid- ed for 1,082 children), offering medical assistance to employees and their children and Formula Estate Junior (offering Summer Campus to the children of employees). Starting in June 2024, a Formula Benessere Check-Up initiative was launched for all employees of the Group’s Italian companies: a medical-health check-up offered annually and to be carried out in-house during working hours and the extension of the Formula Benessere Junior project to the 4-18 age group (compared to the current 5-15 age group). Initiatives to support parenthood were also announced, which include greater flexibility for those who can work in agile mode and paid leave for employees with children up to the age of 10. On December 31, 2024, we had a total of 5,435 employees, including 170 managers and senior managers. Of these employees, 5,088 were based in Italy (primarily at our Maranello facility) and 347 were based in offices around the world (including 24 managers and senior managers), mostly in North America and China. December 31, 2024 2023 2022 White-collar employees and middle-managers 2,769 2,568 2,441 Italy 2,458 2,282 2,163 Rest of the world 311 286 278 Blue-collar employees 2,496 2,259 2,326 Italy 2,488 2,250 2,317 Rest of the world 8 9 9 Managers and senior managers 170 161 152 Total 5,435 4,988 4,919 Approximately 11 percent of the employees were trade union members in 2024. Our em- ployees’ principal trade unions are Federazione Italiana Metalmeccanici (FIM-CISL), Unione Italiana Lavoratori Metalmeccanici (UILM-UIL), Federazione Italiana Sindacati Metalmeccanici e Industrie Collegate (FISMIC) and Federazione Impiegati Operai Metallurgici (FIOM-CGIL). All our managers are covered by collective bargaining agreements signed by the Italian trade union, Federmanager, signed on April 28, 2023. Our other employees are covered by two agreements: the first one entered into by FCA, CNH Industrial, Iveco and Ferrari with FIM-CISL, UILM-IUL, FISMIC, UGL and AQCF, signed on March 8, 2023; the second one entered into by Ferrari and FIM-CISL, UILM-IUL, FISMIC, signed on November 13, 2023 and named “Accordo Premio di Competitività Ferrari”, which includes, among other things, the payment of bonuses linked to performance for certain catego- ries of employees. On March 11, 2024, we launched a new share- holder plan available to all employees in Italy, extended to employees of subsidiaries abroad start- ing from September 23, 2024. In addition to the collective bargaining agree- ments, we have individually negotiated agreements with several of our managers and other key employ- ees providing for long-term incentives, exclusivity and non-compete provisions. REGULATORY MATTERS We manufacture and sell our cars around the world and our operations are therefore subject to a va- riety of laws and regulations relating to environ- mental, health and safety and other matters. These laws regulate our cars, including their emissions,

[TABLE] 2,769
[TABLE] 2,458
[TABLE] 311
[TABLE] 2,496
[TABLE] 2,488
[TABLE] 8
[TABLE] 170
[TABLE] 5,435

[PAGE 78]
78 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F fuel consumption, safety, and connectivity as well as our manufacturing facilities and operations, set- ting strict requirements on emissions, treatment and disposal of waste, water and hazardous mate- rials and prohibitions on environmental contami- nation. Our vehicles, together with the engines that power them, must comply with extensive regional, national and local laws and regulations, and indus- try self-regulations (including those that regulate vehicle safety). However, we currently benefit from certain regulatory exemptions, because we qualify as an SVM or similar designation in certain jurisdic- tions where we sell cars. As outlined below, these exemptions provide a range of benefits, from less stringent emissions caps and compliance date ex- tensions, to exemptions from zero emission vehicle production requirements. We are in compliance with the relevant regula- tory requirements affecting our facilities and prod- ucts around the world. We constantly monitor such requirements and adjust our operations as neces- sary to remain in compliance. APPROVAL AND MARKET SURVEILLANCE In 2018, the European Parliament and European Council issued Regulation 2018/858, establish- ing the new framework for the approval and market surveillance of motor vehicles (repealing Directive 2007/46/EC). While the previous regula- tory framework of Directive 2007/46/EC was fo- cused on technical standards, the new regulation has a broader scope by including market surveil- lance requirements in order to ensure the enforce- ment of applicable standards. The key objectives of Regulation 2018/858 are: enhancing the indepen- dence of technical services (i.e. the approved testing laboratories) as well as improving the quality of the testing of vehicles and setting stricter requirements for technical services; introducing market surveil- lance in order to verify the conformity of vehicles on the market to the applicable standards, and requir- ing corrective measures in case of non-compliance or where a vehicle poses a safety risk or a risk to the environment; strengthening the type approval sys- tem with more stringent oversight by the EU. The Commission has the power to suspend, restrict or withdraw the designation of technical services, to order recalls, and to impose financial penalties. GREENHOUSE GAS/CO2/FUEL ECONOMY LEGISLATION European legislation limited fleet average green- house gas emissions for new passenger cars to 130 grams of CO2 per kilometer for the period 2015-2019. Due to our SVM status under EU regulations we ben- efited from a derogation from the 130 grams per kilometer emissions requirement available to small volume and niche manufacturers during that pe- riod. Pursuant to that derogation, we were instead required to meet yearly CO2 emissions targets, be- ginning in 2012, reaching a target level of 290 grams per kilometer in 2016 for our fleet of EU-registered vehicles that year. Despite global shipments ex- ceeding 10,000 vehicles in 2019, Ferrari continued to qualify as an SVM under EU regulations, because its total number of registered vehicles in the EU per year is less than 10,000 vehicles. In 2014, the European Union set new 2020 emis- sions targets, calling for 95 percent of a manufac- turer’s full fleet of new passenger cars registered in the EU in 2020 to average 95 grams of CO2 per kilo- meter, rising to 100 percent of the fleet in 2021. The 2014 regulation extends the small volume and niche manufacturers derogation. Pursuant to the deroga- tion approved by the European Commission follow- ing our petition, we were required to meet certain CO2 emissions target levels in the 2017-2021 period, reaching a target of 277 grams per kilometer in 2021 for our fleet of EU-registered cars that year. In 2019, the European Union set new 2025 and 2030 emissions targets, calling for respectively a 15 percent and 37.5 percent reduction of the tar- get applicable in 2021. An incentive mechanism for zero and low emission vehicles was also introduced. This new regulation (EU 2019/631) continues to state that it is not appropriate to use the same method to determine the emissions reduction targets for large volume manufacturers as for small volume manufacturers that are considered as independent. Therefore, Ferrari and other SVMs have the possi- bility to continue to apply for alternative emissions reduction and are required to submit the application at the latest by October 31 of the year in which the related derogation shall apply. The regulation EU 2019/631 sets out new EU rules on monitoring and reporting of average emissions: the Commission will have to ensure the real-world representativeness of the CO2 emission values based on data from the fuel consumption meters installed in new cars and will be obliged to publish the performance of each manufacturer. For this purpose, the Commission issued in March 2021 the Implementing Regulation EU 2021/392 requiring manufacturers to collect and report the real-world on-board fuel consumption monitoring (OBFCM) data and the vehicle identification numbers of new cars registered starting from January 1, 2021, unless the vehicle owner expressly refuses to make that data available. The European Commission will then publish real-world data on an annual basis, aggre- gated at the level of manufacturer for comparison of the same set of vehicles between data recorded in the certificates of conformity and the real-world data. The first report was published in 2024. In addi- tion, regulation EU 2019/631 requires the European Commission to evaluate the possibility of a common methodology for the assessment and the consistent data reporting of full life-cycle emissions from cars. The regulation also includes provisions on in-ser- vice conformity testing and on detecting strategies which may artificially improve the CO2 performance. Because of these requirements, the European

[PAGE 79]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 79 BOARD REPORT Commission developed the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2867 setting out the guiding principles for defining the in-service verification procedures. Detailed technical provisions (e.g., test procedures, statistical evaluations, tolerances, pass/fail criteria, etc.) for the in-service verification procedures have been defined in the Implementing Regulation EU 2023/2866. The European Green Deal, adopted by the European Commission in December 2019, has at its core combating climate change and reaching the objectives of the Paris Agreement and other environmental goals (including addressing air pollu- tion). One of its central elements is the 2050 climate neutrality objective. The European Commission enshrined the 2050 climate neutrality objective into EU law entered into force in July 2021. In order to set the EU on a sustainable path to achieve climate neutrality by 2050, the European Commission has also presented a net EU-wide, economy-wide plan to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by at least 55 percent by 2030, compared to 1990 levels. Building on the existing legislation and the EU’s 2030 climate ambitions, the European Commission also published the “Fit for 55” Package on July 14, 2021, which includes a proposed amendment to the regulation EU 2019/631. Regulation (EU) 2023/851 amending Regulation (EU) 2019/631 on CO2 emission performance standards for new passenger cars and for new light commercial vehicles was published in the EU Official Journal on 25 April 2023 and entered into force in May 2023. In particular, the provision granting a derogation from the specific emissions targets to manufacturers responsible for between 1,000 and 10,000 new passenger cars in a calendar year will remain until 2035 included. Moreover, both the proposals to increase the 2030 CO2 emissions target from a 37.5% to a 55% reduction compared to 2021 and introduce a 2035 target whereby CO2 emissions from new cars and vans would have to be 100% lower compared to 2021 have been confirmed. For the first time, the Commission has introduced in this Regulation a legal basis for registering vehicles beyond 2035 running exclusively on CO2 neutral fuels. However, specific regulatory instruments are needed to implement this possibility. Similarly to the EU, Switzerland introduced CO2 emission regulations for new cars in July 2012. Despite the existence of some specificities within the Swiss regulation, derogations aligned with EU regulation have been granted to SVMs up to and including 2021. Switzerland has historically adopted the targets approved by the European Commission. On November 24, 2021, the Swiss Federal Council amended the CO2 emission regulations for cars and vans. This regulation was repealed starting from January 1, 2022 and the vehicles of niche and small volume manufacturers have to meet the same CO2 emission targets as the large volume manufacturers. This change in legislation is expected to result in addi- tional costs for Ferrari, either through penalties or the purchase of emissions credits from other manu- facturers. Such additional costs were not material in 2022-2024 and Ferrari does not expect that they will be material in the future. The Swiss CO2 emissions regulation is currently being revised, with the aim of increasing the stringency of CO2 emissions targets from 2025, with an effect on the related costs of penalties and credits purchasing. Such costs are still expected not to be material for Ferrari. In the United States, both Corporate Average Fuel Economy (“CAFE”) standards and greenhouse gas emissions (“GHG”) standards are imposed on manu- facturers of passenger cars. Because the control of fuel economy is closely correlated with the control of GHG emissions, the United States Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”) and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (“NHTSA”) have sought to harmonize fuel economy regulations with the regulation of GHG vehicle emissions (primarily CO2). These agencies have set the federal standards for passenger cars and light trucks to meet an esti- mated combined average fuel economy (CAFE) level that is equivalent to 35.5 miles per U.S. gallon for 2016 model year vehicles (250 grams CO2 per mile). In August 2012, these agencies extended this pro- gram to cars and light trucks for model years 2017 through 2025, targeting an estimated combined average emissions level of 163 grams per mile in 2025, which is equivalent to 54.5 miles per gallon. On September 27, 2019 the EPA and the NHTSA issued the “Safer Affordable Fuel-Efficient (SAFE) Vehicles Rule Part One: One National Program” (SAFE I Rule). These rules would exert federal preemption authority under the CAFE statute over California’s ability to regulate greenhouse gases and would revoke the current EPA waiver under the Clean Air Act which had authorized California to regulate GHG from motor vehicles. The state of California along with other states and certain NGOs filed challenges to these rules in both U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia and the United States Court of Appeals D.C. Circuit. In May 2021, the NHTSA issued a notice of proposed rulemaking proposing to fully repeal the SAFE I Rule. In December 2021, NHTSA’s proposal was finalized. On March, 31, 2020 the EPA and the NHTSA issued the final SAFE Vehicles Rule (Part Two) setting CAFE and carbon dioxide emissions standards for model years 2021-2026 passenger cars and light trucks. Under the SAFE Vehicles Rule (Part Two), the overall stringency of the federal standards is significantly reduced from the levels previously set as the final rule will increase stringency of CAFE and CO2 emis- sions standards by 1.5 percent each year through model year 2026, as compared with the standards issued in 2012, which would have required annual increases of approximately 5 percent. In August 2021, the EPA published a notice of proposed rulemaking proposing to strengthen federal GHG emissions standards for passenger cars and light trucks by set- ting stringent requirements for reductions from for model years 2021-2026. This rulemaking has been finalized in December 2021. Consistently with the

[PAGE 80]
80 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F EPA’s approach, in September 2021 the NHTSA pub- lished a notice of proposed rulemaking proposing revised fuel economy standards for passenger cars and light trucks for model years 2024-2026. In July 2022, the NHTSA’s final rule on CAFE standards for model years 2024 through 2026 entered into force. Specifically, model years 2024 and 2025 standards increase in stringency by 8% each year relative to the prior year, model year 2026 standards increase by 10%. The CAFE standards reach approximately 49 miles per gallon in 2026 (U.S. fleet average) as compared to 36 mpg in model year 2021, individual manufacturer’s standards will vary from these fig- ures depending on fleet and vehicle size mix. In April 2024, the EPA published the final rule for its 2027 and later Multi-Pollutant Rulemaking, introducing among other requirements, stricter emission standards of GHGs as well as criteria and air toxic pollutants from light- and medium-duty vehicles. The SVM GHG alter- native standards have been removed from model year (“MY”) 2027. Ferrari remains attentive to devel- opments in this regard. In June 2024, also NHTSA published the final rule setting more stringent fuel economy standards for passenger cars, with bind- ing targets for the model years 2027-2031. Under current regulation, for model years 2017- 2026, the EPA allows an SVM, defined as an opera- tionally independent manufacturer with less than 5,000 yearly unit sales in the United States, to petition for a less stringent standard. The EPA has granted us SVM status. We therefore petitioned the EPA for alternative standards for the model years 2017-2021 and 2022-2025, which are aligned to our technical and economic capabilities. On July 31, 2019 the EPA pub- lished a Notice in the U.S. Federal Register (Federal Register /Vol. 84, No. 147) that in part proposed that Ferrari be permitted an alternative standard sub- stantially in line with the alternative standard that Ferrari proposed to the EPA for model years 2017- 2021. The EPA approved Ferrari proposed standards for model years 2017-2020, whereas it required a small reduction for the model year 2021 standard. On June 25, 2020, the EPA Administrator signed the final determination for alternative GHG stan- dards for SVMs for model years 2017 through 2021. Ferrari actively engaged in discussions with the EPA throughout the years, submitting in 2018 a petition for alternative standards in the model years 2022- 2025. No response has been received from the EPA regarding this petition. However, in the aforemen- tioned 2027 and later Multi-Pollutant Rulemaking final rule published in April 2024, it is noteworthy that the EPA allows SVMs to adhere to the 2021 standard until the model year 2026 is included. Starting with model year 2027, SVMs should comply with mainstream standards with a certain phase-in. This adjustment could impact our operations and we will closely mon- itor developments in the upcoming fiscal year, includ- ing purchasing credits from other manufacturers. In September 2016, we petitioned the NHTSA for recognition as an independent manufacturer of less than 10,000 vehicles produced globally, and we proposed alternative CAFE standards, for model years 2017, 2018 and 2019. Then, in December, 2017, we amended the petition by proposing alternative CAFE standards for model years 2016, 2017 and

[PAGE 81]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 81 BOARD REPORT 2018 instead, covering also the 2016 model year. In 2019, our global production exceeded 10,000 vehi- cles, and therefore we are not considered a SVM by the NHTSA for model year 2019. We previously purchased the CAFE credits needed to fulfill this deficit. On July 15, 2020, we submitted to the NHTSA a petition for an exemption from the CAFE stan- dards for the model year 2020. We proceeded with this submission because, although Ferrari originally intended to produce more than 10,000 vehicles in 2020, actual production was lower than 10,000 vehicles as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and the related shutdown of our production facilities. Therefore since we met the NHTSA definition of a SVM, we have requested an alternative fleet aver- age CAFE standard for model year 2020 standard. In February 2024, NHTSA published a final decision to exempt Ferrari from the generally applicable CAFE standards for the model years petitioned and estab- lished alternative standards at the levels already achieved. We purchased the CAFE credits needed to fulfill our model year 2021-2023 deficit and we are currently evaluating the purchase of credits for 2024. We expect to continue to purchase credits in the coming years if required. As the state of California has been granted special authority under the Clean Air Act to set its own vehicle emission standards, the California Air Resources Board (“CARB”) enacted regulations under which manufacturers of vehicles for model years 2012-2016 which are in compliance with the EPA greenhouse gas emissions regulations are also deemed to be in compliance with California’s greenhouse gas emission regulations (the so-called “deemed to comply” provision). In November 2012, the CARB extended these rules to include model years 2017-2025. In 2017 CARB performed a tech- nical assessment regarding greenhouse gas stan- dards for model years 2022 through 2025, in par- allel with the EPA and the NHTSA, and confirmed in March 2017 that the standards defined in 2012 may be still considered appropriate. On December 12, 2018 the CARB amended its existing regulations to clarify that the “deemed to comply” provision would not be available for model years 2021-2025 if the EPA standards for those years were altered via an amendment of federal regulations. On September 19, 2019, the NHTSA and the EPA established the “One National Program” for fuel economy regu- lation, taking the first step towards finalizing the agencies’ August 2018 proposal by announcing the EPA’s decision to withdraw California’s waiver of preemption under the Clean Air Act, and by affirm- ing the NHTSA’s authority to set nationally applica- ble regulatory standards under the preemption provisions of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (EPCA). On March 9 2022, EPA rescinded its withdrawal of the waiver for California’s light-duty vehicle GHG and zero emission vehicle (ZEV) stan- dards. California and Section 177 states may again enforce those standards. Subsequently, CARB clarified that the compliance with CARB’s GHG reg- ulations is expected from model year 2021 for all manufacturers. Ferrari meets the requirements to be classified as an SVM based on the relevant regulations in the state of California. Therefore, in 2023, in agreement with CARB, Ferrari petitioned for SVM 2021-2025 alternative standards. In July 2024, we received official approval from CARB for alternative standards for the MY 2021-2025. It may be necessary also to increase the number of tests to be performed in order to follow the CARB spe- cific procedures. While Europe and the United States lead the implementation of these fuel consumption/CO2 emissions programs, other jurisdictions typically follow on with adoption of similar regulations within a few years thereafter. In China, for example, Stage IV targeted a national average fuel consumption of 5.0L/100km by 2020. In September 2017, the Chinese government issued the Administrative Measures on CAFC (Corporate Average Fuel Consumption) and NEV (New Energy Vehicle) Credits. This regulation establishes mandatory CAFC requirements, while providing additional flexibility for SVMs (defined as a manufacturer with less than 2,000 units imported in China per year that achieve a certain minimum CAFC yearly improvement rate). Manufactures that exceed the CAFC regulatory ceiling are required to purchase NEV credits. The Stage V regulation, issued on December 31, 2019, sets the fuel consumption fleet average tar- gets for the period 2021-2025, targeting a national average fuel consumption of 4.0 l/100km by 2025. Following the adoption of the Stage V fuel consump- tion regulation, an update to the Administrative Measures on CAFC and NEV credits was published in June 2020, keeping the additional flexibility for SVMs and relaxing the minimum CAFC yearly improvement rate required. The stage VI regula- tion is currently under development with the aim to strengthen 2026-2030 fuel consumption fleet average targets. In addition to the fuel consump- tion target on the entire fleet, the Chinese regula- tion GB 19578-2021 sets specific fuel consumption limits on model types. Currently, this standard has not been adopted by the China Certification and Accreditation Administration (CNCA) and is there- fore not applicable for certification of imported vehicles. In the current Ferrari portfolio, only the plug-in hybrid models would be compliant with this regulation. Ferrari is closely monitoring the ongo- ing revision of the GB 19578-2021 standard, which currently involves more stringent limits. Assessing the potential implications, particularly its potential applicability to importers, remains a priority for us. Following the same approach also with respect to pure electric vehicles, during 2021 the relevant Chinese authorities have published a notice to call for participation in a working group that should define the energy consumption limit standards for electric vehicles; the working group was estab- lished in 2022 and the standard is currently in the finalization phase.

[PAGE 82]
82 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F In the future, driving bans on combustion engine ve- hicles could be imposed, particularly in metropolitan areas, promoting progress in electric and hybrid technology. On September 23, 2020, the Governor of California issued an executive order requiring that all in-state sales of new passenger vehicles be zero-emission by 2035. CARB developed regulations among the Advanced Clean Cars II (ACC II) regulato- ry package to implement such executive order. The ACC II regulations entered into force in November 2022 and will seek to increase the number of ze- ro-emission vehicles (ZEVs) for sale and reduce criteria and greenhouse gas emissions from new light- and medium-duty vehicles beyond the 2025 model year. During 2021, the state of Washington introduced legislation that could phase out sales of non-ZEVs. The Washington State House bill 1204 ti- tled “Clean Cars 2030” provides that all privately and publicly owned passenger and light duty vehicles of model year 2030 or later registered in Washington state must be electric vehicles and the state’s trans- portation commission will now work on a scoping plan for achieving the 2030 requirement, anticipat- ing the California target by five years. In November 2020, the UK Prime Minister, the Transport Secretary and the Business Secretary announced, in the context of the 10-Point Plan for a Green Industrial Revolution, the end of the sale of new petrol and die- sel cars in the United Kingdom by 2030. On July 14, 2021 the UK Government published the Green Paper on a New Road Vehicle CO2 Emissions Regulatory Framework for the United Kingdom. The commit- ment is to reach net zero carbon emissions by 2050. Following Brexit, the UK Government intends to de- fine the legal framework to deliver the internal com- bustion engine vehicles phase out dates announced in November 2020 by the Prime Minister’s Ten Point Plan for a Green industrial Revolution. To achieve this goal, the UK Department for Transport pro- posed an ambitious and challenging Zero Emissions Vehicle (ZEV) mandate, in terms of its starting point (i.e. 2024), annual trajectory targets and in terms of the announced very limited flexibility to achieve these targets. The final rule of the UK - ZEV Mandate and CO2 Emissions Regulation was released in December 2023, establishing new annual targets for Stage I (2024 - 2030). Stage II (2031 - 2035) require- ments will be defined in the future. The Regulation also includes recent updates from UK Government on the end of sale of new petrol cars, which has been postponed from 2030 to 2035. Manufacturers re- sponsible of less than 2,500 registrations in UK per year can benefit from special provisions. This will put the United Kingdom on course to be the first G7 country to decarbonize cars and vans. EXHAUST AND EVAPORATIVE EMISSIONS REQUIREMENTS In 2007, the European Union adopted a series of up- dated standards for emissions of other air pollutants from passenger and light commercial vehicles, such as nitrogen oxides, carbon monoxide, hydrocarbons and particulates. These standards were phased in from September 2009 (Euro 5) and September 2014 (Euro 6) for passenger cars. In 2016, the European Union established that Euro 6 limits shall be evaluat- ed through Real Driving Emissions (RDE) measure- ment procedure and a new test-cycle more repre- sentative of normal conditions of use (Worldwide Light Vehicles Test Procedure). SVMs (vehicle man- ufacturers with a worldwide annual production low- er than 10,000 units in the year prior to the grant of the type-approval) are required to be compliant with RDE standards starting from 2020 while non-SVMs have been required to comply with RDE standards starting from 2017. We believe all new Ferrari mod- els are fully compliant with RDE requirements. In 2018, the European Commission issued Regulation 2018/1832 for the purpose of improving the emis- sion type approval tests and procedures for light passenger and commercial vehicles, including those for in-service conformity and RDE and introduc- ing devices for monitoring the consumption of fuel and electric energy. Under the EU Regulation, which became applicable in January 2019, among other things, the extended documentation package pro- vided by manufacturers to type approval authori- ties to describe Auxiliary Emission Strategies (AES) is no longer required to be kept confidential, and the decision whether to allow access to such documen- tation package is left to national authorities. In addi- tion, the Regulation introduced a new methodology for checking In-Service Conformity (ISC) which in- cludes RDE tests. Compliance is tested based on ISC checks performed by the manufacturer, the grant- ing type approval authority (GTAA), and accredited laboratories or technical services. Test results will be publicly available; in addition, the GTAA will pub- lish annual reports on the ISC checks performed, in order to improve transparency. During 2019, the European Commission an- nounced that it will propose more stringent air pollutant emissions standards for combustion-en- gine vehicles. The European Commission created an Advisory Group on Vehicle Emission Standards (AGVES), by joining all the relevant expert groups working on emission legislation, in order to provide technical advice for the development of the post- EURO 6/VI emission standards for motor vehicles. In March 2020, the European Commission launched a public consultation on its roadmap outlining the policy options that it could pursue in revising the emission standards for light and heavy duty vehi- cles (Euro 7). This initiative is part of the European Green Deal, advocating the European automotive industry’s role as a leader in the global transition to zero-emission vehicles. In May 2024, the final regu- lation (EU) 2024/1257 “Euro 7” was published, com- bining the requirements laid down for light-duty and heavy-duty vehicles, inclusive of updated testing protocols and new pollutant emissions limits for fine particles and ammonia. Manufacturers of fewer than 10,000 new passenger cars registered in the

[PAGE 83]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 83 BOARD REPORT European Union per calendar year could benefit from additional lead time with respect to new reg- istrations requirements and several other accom- modations. New non-exhaust emissions limits (i.e. brake emissions, tires abrasion) and stricter exist- ing non-emissions limits (i.e. evaporative emissions) have also been included, as well as a minimum per- formance threshold on battery durability and real- time measurements through on-board-monitoring requirements (including communication over the air and cybersecurity obligations). Euro 7 technical elements are expected to be laid down by imple- menting acts in the future. Depending on the reg- ulatory developments to come, the technological solutions required to ensure compliance with Euro 7 standards may affect customers’ expectations on performance, sound and driving experience. Despite the ongoing work related to Euro 7 rulemaking, in May 2022 the European Commission submitted the draft Regulation amending EU 2017/1151 to a public consultation, with the purpose of introducing three additional phases in Euro 6 Regulation (i.e. Euro 6e, Euro 6e-bis, Euro 6e-bis-FCM). The final Regulation (EU) 2023/443 was published in the EU Official Journal on 2 March 2023 and entered into force as from 1 September 2023. The Regulation aims to adapt the European regulation to the tech- nical progress achieved in the UN Regulations test procedures and, among others, it introduces an Auxiliary Emissions Strategy (AES) indicator to indi- cate when a vehicle runs in AES mode. Moreover, as recent European driving data showed that the real world share of plug-in hybrid vehicles total mileage in electric mode is much smaller than assumed for regulatory purposes, the proposal includes adjust- ing the current method for determining the fuel and energy consumption values for those vehicles. The European Commission is also expected to assess and evaluate the current noise emissions lim- its, with the risk of more stringent thresholds. In the United States, the “Tier 3” Motor Vehicle Emission and Fuel Standards issued by the EPA were finalized in April 2014. With Tier 3, the EPA has estab- lished more stringent vehicle emission standards, requiring significant reductions in both tailpipe and evaporative emissions, including nitrogen oxides, volatile organic compounds, carbon monoxide and particulate matter. These standards are intended to harmonize with California’s standards for 2015- 2025 model years (so called “LEV3”) and have been implemented over the same timeframe as the U.S. federal CAFE and GHG standards for cars and light trucks described above. Because of our status as an operationally independent SVM, Ferrari obtained a longer, more flexible schedule for compliance with these standards under both the EPA and California Program. In November 2022, the California Air Resources Board published the already mentioned ACC II regu- lations amending the Low Emission Vehicle (or LEV) Regulation to reduce both tailpipe and evaporative emissions. Several accommodations applicable to SVMs were included. In June 2024, the California Air Resources Board held the first workshop on ACC II regulations revision, with the goal of achieving align- ment with several EPA Multi-Pollutant rulemaking requirements, while also increasing the stringency of other obligations. In addition, California is moving forward with other stringent emission regulations for vehicles, includ- ing the Zero Emission Vehicle regulation (ZEV). The ZEV regulation requires manufacturers to increase their sales of zero emissions vehicles year on year, up to 100 percent of vehicles sold in the state by 2035. Because we currently sell fewer than 4,500 units in California and all the other states adopting Californian emissions regulation, we are exempt from these requirements until model year 2035. Additional stringency of evaporative emissions also requires more advanced materials and techni- cal solutions to eliminate fuel evaporative losses, all for much longer warranty periods (up to 150,000 miles in the United States). In response to severe air quality issues in Beijing and other major Chinese cities, in 2016 the Chinese government published a more stringent emissions program (National 6), providing two different levels of stringency (6a and 6b) effective starting from 2020. In July 2018 China’s central government launched a three-year plan to reduce air pollution, extending tar- gets for reducing lung-damaging airborne particu- late pollution to the country’s 338 largest cities. This plan includes reductions in steel and other industrial capacity, reducing reliance on coal, promoting elec- tric vehicles and cleaner transport, enhancing air-pol- lution warning systems, and increasing inspections of businesses for air pollution infractions. Several autonomous regions and municipalities have imple- mented the requirements of the National 6 program even ahead of the mandated deadlines. During 2020, the Chinese Vehicle Emission Control Center (VECC) launched the “Pre-study on Next Stage Emission Standards for Light duty Vehicles”, an ongoing research project expected to be finalized in a more stringent emission program in the next years. During 2023 and 2024, several workshops were conducted, and we actively partic- ipated, ensuring that we stayed abreast of the latest developments and insights in our field. Several other regulations are also emerging to take into account the non-exhaust emissions and the environmental impact of electric and hybrid vehi- cles components, particularly on batteries. Brake particulate emissions from passenger cars are currently not regulated by any UNECE or regional Regulations. However, a new UN Global Technical Regulation (i.e., UN GTR 24) on the topic of brake particulate emissions of light duty vehicle’s brake systems has been finalized during 2023. Tire abra- sion is currently regulated by a UN Regulation which defines the test methods to follow and will set the tire abrasion limits to be respected. The Informal Working Group on Electric Vehicles and Environment of the United Nations proposed

[PAGE 84]
84 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F during 2021 a Global Technical Regulation on in-ve- hicle battery durability that was finally adopted in 2022 (i.e., UN GTR 22). This regulation is applicable to both pure electric and plug-in hybrid vehicles and establishes provisions regarding state-of- health monitors, minimum performance require- ments and in-service conformity checks. A UN GTR is not binding for certification purposes. However, it could be transposed into a UN Regulation or a regional regulation required for the certification. The European Commission included these bat- tery durability requirements in Euro 7 regulation. Additionally, the EPA and CARB have set minimum performance requirements for battery durability within the EPA Multipollutant and CARB ACCII reg- ulations, respectively. Other government author- ities, such as those in South Korea and China, are also developing their own standards to evaluate the minimum performance requirements of trac- tion batteries. Moreover, the European Commission published, in July 2023, the final rule (EU) 2023/1542 for a new regulation on batteries and waste batter- ies. This regulation will apply to all kind of batteries, including automotive and electric vehicle batteries, and significantly increases the scope and number of requirements relating to design, sustainability, label- ling, information and end-of-life. In the evolving regulatory landscape, we antic- ipate new regulations on materials emerging from various markets. These regulations aim to restrict or ban the use of critical substances. The EU already has a strong regulatory framework for chemicals (e.g. REACH, POP Regulations) and is planning to expand it as part of its broader zero-pollution goal under the European Green Deal, with the aims to better pro- tect citizens and the environment, while promoting innovation for safe and sustainable chemicals. In this context, the EU Commission presented its proposal for a new Regulation replacing Directive 2000/53/ EC “End-of-Life Vehicles” and Directive 2005/64/ EC “Type-approval of motor vehicles with regard to their Reusability, Recyclability and Recoverability”. The aim of this new EU regulation is to propose mea- sures to enhance the circularity of the automotive sector, covering the design, production and end- of-life treatment of vehicles. This regulation also extends the responsibility of manufacturers to the management of the end-of-life phase of vehicles. Moreover, the European Chemicals Agency (ECHA) has made available a draft dossier to recommend a universal per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) restriction. It is crucial to acknowledge that such regulatory shifts may significantly impact material choices, necessitating substantial research and development efforts to uphold performance standards amid these changes. In this context, in 2024, the new Regulation (EU) 2024/1252 on “Critical Raw Materials” was published, establishing a framework for strengthening access, resilience, and the sustainable supply of critical raw materials, while promoting efficiency and circularity throughout the value chain. VEHICLE SAFETY Vehicles sold in Europe are subject to vehicle safe- ty regulations established by the EU or by individual member states. In 2009, the EU established a simpli- fied framework for vehicle safety, repealing more than 50 directives and replacing them with a single regulation (the “General Safety Regulation”) aimed at incorporating relevant United Nations standards. This incorporation process began in 2012. With respect to regulations on advanced safety systems, the EU now requires new model cars from 2011 onwards to have electronic stability control systems and tire pressure monitoring systems. Regulations on low-rolling re- sistance tires have also been introduced. The frame- work is reviewed periodically, and in May 2018, the European Commission adopted a proposal for a reg- ulation to make certain vehicle safety measures man- datory. On December 16, 2019, the revised General Safety Regulation (EU) 2019/2144 was published in the EU Official Journal. In 2022, a first set of new safety technologies became mandatory in European vehicles, such as Advanced Emergency Braking, Emergency Lane Keeping systems, crash-test im- proved safety belts, intelligent speed assistance and warning of driver drowsiness. On November 16, 2022, Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/2236 set- ting out the technical requirements to be applied for the purpose of EU type-approval of vehicles produced in small series was published in the EU Official Journal. In particular, with regard to certain requirements in- troduced by the revised General Safety Regulation, an exemption to Intelligent Speed Assistance, Advanced Emergency Braking System and Emergency Lane Keeping System has been granted for vehicles pro- duced in small series and with specified characteris- tics related to the installation of the camera. Moreover, the regulation provides for a lead time of at least two years with respect to the provisions applicable to vehi- cles produced in unlimited series. In November 2023, the expected Delegated Act implementing the fitment of the Advanced Driver Distraction Warning (ADDW), mandatory from 2024 for new types of vehicles as re- quired by the Regulation (EU) 2019/2144 on General Safety, has been published on Official Journal. This regulatory act was the latest measure to be published within the General Safety Regulation (EU) 2019/2144 framework. The European Commission presented a pro- posal to grant a full exemption from this new tech- nology for vehicles characterized by low ground clearance, where the installation of such a system is unfeasible. Additionally, an extended lead time has been proposed for other vehicles included in small series definition. The final rule is expected to be pub- lished in the first months of 2025. The European Commission is also working on sev- eral aspects relating to the European General Safety scheme, expected to be developed in the coming years. In particular, with regard to electric vehicle safe- ty, the European Commission has been consolidating

[PAGE 86]
86 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F efforts with other UN Contracting Parties during 2024 to revise the electric vehicles safety standard with the aim to improve occupant protection in the event of battery thermal propagation and to address other regulations related to passive safety topics. In 2017, the EU published technical requirements for the Emergency Call (eCall) system, mandatory for new model cars starting from 2018. In 2023 the European Commission started a rulemaking process to revise the eCall framework by aligning it to the new 4G/5G “packed switched” technology. The final rule (Delegated Regulation EU 2024/1180) was published in April 2024, requiring vehicles to be equipped with the new 4G/5G “packed switched” technology. The eCall revision process has not been finalized yet, as the European Commission is still working on a revi- sion of the regulation providing test procedures and technical requirements for the certification of eCall systems. The final rule is expected in 2025. Starting from July 1, 2019, new types of pure electric vehicle and new types of hybrid electric vehicle capable of operating without propulsion from a combustion engine operating are required to be equipped with an Acoustic Vehicle Alerting System (AVAS), and from July 1, 2021 for all new vehicles of such types, in order to alert pedestrians that a vehicle is moving at low speeds. At United Nations level, it has been iden- tified the need for additional regulatory action for BEVs with sound enhancement systems other than AVAS regarding their noise emission. A specific reg- ulatory process aimed at balancing safety and envi- ronmental needs, which may directly impact sound design specifications, is currently ongoing. During 2024, European authorities and United Nation’s con- tracting parties began enforcing amendments to the existing regulation on pedestrian protection, modify- ing the current test procedures and enhancing the measurement methods on extended vehicle areas such as the windscreen. Under U.S. federal law, all vehicles sold in the United States must comply with Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards (FMVSS) promulgated by the NHTSA. Manufacturers need to provide cer- tification that all vehicles are in compliance with those standards. In addition, if a vehicle contains a defect that is related to motor vehicle safety or does not comply with an applicable FMVSS, the manu- facturer must notify vehicle owners and provide a remedy at no cost to the owner. Moreover, the Transportation Recall Enhancement, Accountability, and Documentation Act (“TREAD”) requires manu- facturers to report certain information related to claims and lawsuits involving fatalities and injuries in the United States if alleged to be caused by their vehicles, and other information related to client complaints, warranty claims, and field reports in the United States, as well as information about fatalities and recalls outside the United States. Several new or amended FMVSSs have taken effect in certain instances under phase-in schedules that require only a portion of a manufacturer’s fleet to comply in the early years of the phase-in. These include an amendment to the side impact protection require- ments that added several new tests and perfor- mance requirements (FMVSS No. 214), an amend- ment to roof crush resistance requirements (FMVSS No. 216), and a rule for ejection mitigation require- ments (FMVSS No. 226). In 2024, the amendment of occupant crash protection (FMVSS No. 208) was adopted, updating the child restraint systems (CRSs) referred therein. These CRSs are used by NHTSA in air bag suppression and low risk deployment testing. U.S. federal law also sets forth minimum sound requirements for hybrid and electric vehicles (FMVSS No. 141). With the publication, on November 15, 2021, of the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, the Congress of United States empowered the Secretary of Transportation to promulgate new regulations within safety framework. In May 2024, NHTSA published a new regulation (FMVSS No. 127) on Automatic Emergency Braking System. The reg- ulation obliges manufacturers to equip vehicles with a system that alerts the driver in case of immi- nent collision with a pedestrian or a vehicle ahead and automatically applies the brakes, in case the driver fails to do so. The final rule is not aligned with other international standards already in place in many countries and is expected to have consistent impacts on vehicle sensors design. Regarding the standard implementation, NHTSA granted a delayed compliance for SVMs. In December 2023, NHTSA published an advanced notice of proposed rulemak- ing as a first regulatory step to introduce a new FMVSS regulation providing requirements for new technologies to prevent driver distraction, drows- iness and impaired driving. Additional rulemakings currently under development focus on improving requirements for the Safety Belt Reminder (FMVSS 208), introducing new anthropometric devices for use in occupant protection standards, implement- ing a system to warn the driver if occupants are left unattended in the rear seats, and positioning anchor- ages for child restraints and safety belts (FMVSS 225). In 2024, NHTSA published a proposal for a new standard on pedestrian protection (FMVSS No. 228) and the final rule revising the existing regulation FMVSS 210 to improve the test requirements for safety belt anchorage strength. Regarding electric vehicle safety, NHTSA proposed a brand new stan- dard, FMVSS 305a, to replace the existing one and enhance occupant protection. Other rulemakings are at a preliminary stage. The regulatory updates mentioned above will likely introduce requirements specific to the U.S. market, compelling manufacturers to develop tai- lored design solutions. This could lead to substantial research and development expenditures. In 2017, the Chinese authorities published an updated version of the current local general safety standard which allows China to become the driver market for the Event Data Recorder mandatory installation starting from 2021. Technical require- ments were defined in mid-2019, through the for- mal adoption of the local standard. Among the

[PAGE 87]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 87 BOARD REPORT United Nations contracting parties, China has been the first country to propose an early adoption of updated test procedures on high-voltage batteries for hybrid and electric vehicles, which has been enforced starting in 2020. These regulations related to electric vehicle safety are currently being revised to enhance occupant protection in the event of ther- mal propagation and to safeguard the battery pack from bottom impacts caused by road obstacles. Several passive safety standards introducing more stringent requirements have been adopted at the end of 2024 (e.g. front and rear protective devices, roof crush and safety-belts and restraint systems anchorages for occupant) and other revised regu- lations (e.g. pedestrian protection, lateral and rear collision, are expected to be enforced from the beginning of 2025. The relevant Chinese Authority (CATARC) is working on a new draft of the binding regulation GB/T 18488 on drive motor system (DMS) for electric vehicles, introducing more stringent technical requirements, test methods and inspec- tion requirements on electric motors. This draft introduces more stringent technical and perfor- mance requirements, test methods, and inspection criteria for electric motors. During 2021, 2022 and 2023, the Chinese authorities worked on several rulemaking initiatives related to active safety (e.g., ADAS, eCall), which are not yet mandatory for cer- tification purposes and contribute to the regulatory uncertainty in this market. In particular, the devel- opment of a new binding standard for Automatic Emergency Braking systems began in 2024 and is not expected to be harmonized with the corre- sponding international standards that are widely adopted. The lack of harmonization of Chinese reg- ulatory requirements is increasing in recent years. This situation could lead to substantial research and development expenditure, specifically for the Chinese market. Regulatory fragmentation is also emerging in other markets such as the UK and South Korea, pri- marily due to specific market needs and domestic policy priorities. CONNECTIVITY In 2020, the European Commission issued its new digital strategy policies, which represent a priority in its regulatory agenda. During 2021, several draft proposals were issued in this respect, including in relation to Real Time Traffic Information (RTTI), Connected and Intelligent Transport Systems (C-ITS) and Artificial Intelligence (AI). The RTTI and ITS proposals were finalized in December 2023 through the adoption of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/670 and the Directive (EU) 2023/2661, respectively. In 2022, the European Commission announced the intention to present a proposal amending the European Type Approval Framework (Regulation (EU) 2018/858) to include provisions on access to in-vehicle data. This measure would aim to address certain sector-specific issues such as bi-direction- al access to vehicle resources and the interplay be- tween access to data and cybersecurity. Since the announcement, the European Commission has not yet disclosed the proposal for the sector-specific regulation. Updates are expected in 2025 with the publication of the European Commission’s working program. As regards software and cybersecuri- ty management issues, the proposal is expected to include replacement parts, new categories of au- tonomous vehicles and replacement of batteries. In September 2022, the European Commission also presented a proposal of a new regulation setting up cybersecurity requirements covering a wide range of digital products and related ancillary ser- vices. The proposal would be aimed at strengthen- ing the cybersecurity of products placed on the EU market throughout their whole lifecycle, improv- ing and extending the provisions and the scope of existing regulation. The final rule was published in 2024. However, motor vehicles and components are exempt from these requirements, as compliance with specific requirements is already mandated by Regulation (EU) 2019/2144 that, starting from 2022, began enforcing regulations on cyber security and software updates. In 2024, Chinese authorities issued new regula- tions on cybersecurity and software updates man- agement, introducing specific technical require- ments that differ from those provided by the equivalent UNECE regulations. These new require- ments may necessitate modifications in the elec- tronic design of our models. For the U.S. market, in October 2024, the Bureau of Industry and Security, an agency within the U.S. Department of Commerce, released a proposal for a regulation on supply chain control of connected and self-driving vehicles. The regulation aims to prohibit the import and sale of software and com- ponents (including those installed in vehicles) pro- duced or developed in China and Russia, and to establish a compliance mechanism through a dec- laration of conformity.

[PAGE 88]
88 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F FINANCIAL OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS OF THE GROUP The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with the information included in the sections “Overview” and “Overview of our Business”, as well as in the Consolidated Financial Statements elsewhere in this document. This discussion includes forward-looking statements and involves numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those described under “Forward-Looking Statements” and “Risk Factors”. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. TRENDS, UNCERTAINTIES AND OPPORTUNITIES Shipments: Low volume strategy and brand exclu- sivity — Our net revenues and results of operations depend on, among other things, the achievement of volume and mix targets established in our budgets and business plans, which we define in line with our low volume strategy to pursue controlled growth and preserve brand exclusivity. As part of this strat- egy, we seek to manage waiting lists in the various markets in which we operate in order to respond optimally to relative levels of demand, based on our order books, while being sensitive to local client ex- pectations in the markets where we operate. We believe that waiting lists have promoted the sense of exclusivity of our products and, accordingly, we monitor and manage waiting lists to enhance this exclusivity while ensuring the highest levels of client service and satisfaction. In order to maintain our brand’s aura of exclu- sivity among purchasers of our cars, we have con- tinued our low volume strategy while responding to growing demand and to demographic changes as the size and spending capacity of our target clients has grown, gradually increasing annual shipments from 7,255 in 2014, the year before our initial public offering and separation from Stellantis, to 13,221 in 2022, 13,663 in 2023 and 13,752 in 2024 (shipments do not include strictly limited racing cars, such as the XX Programme and the 499P Modificata, as well as one- off and pre-owned cars). Our current plans reflect a continuation of our low volume and controlled growth strategy, including the introduction of 15 new models over the period from 2023 to 2026 as announced at our Capital Markets Day in June 2022 (to date we have introduced 8 new models since the start of 2023 and we are planning to launch 6 models in 2025, includ- ing our first full electric Ferrari in the fourth quar- ter of 2025), and a measured increase in shipments above current levels as we continue to (i) broaden our product portfolio in line with our product strat- egy “Different Ferrari for Different Ferraristi” and “Different Ferrari for Different Moments”, and (ii) tar- get a potentially larger and younger customer base, while preserving and enhancing the exclusivity and value of our brand. In 2024, we sold approximately 81% of our new cars to Ferrari clients that already own at least one Ferrari and 48% of our new cars to Ferrari clients that own multiple Ferrari, which rein- forces the demand for our cars and the image of lux- ury and exclusivity inherent in our brand. We target our products to the upper end of the luxury car segment and purchasers of our cars tend to belong to the wealthiest segment of the popula- tion. As the size and spending capacity of our target client base has grown significantly in recent years, our addressable market and the sense of exclusiv- ity fostered by our low volume strategy have been further enhanced. Given that our shipment strategy is flexible, we are able to adjust the geographical allocation of our shipments to respond to changes in our key markets. The geographic allocation of our shipments and their mix by product reflects our deliberate allocation strategy over the lifecycle of the individual models and is generally impacted by the phase-in/phase-out pace of the models, as well as the length of waiting lists and other market-spe- cific factors and conditions, including our commer- cial strategy and the potential for future growth. We expect that further growth in shipments will result primarily from our deliberate allocation strategy, as well as from targeting new customer groups, geog- raphies and modes of use through the expansion of our product portfolio.

[PAGE 89]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 89 BOARD REPORT The following table sets forth our shipments(1) by geographic location: For the years ended December 31, 2024 % 2023 % 2022 % Number of cars and % of total cars EMEA Germany 1,476 10.7% 1,472 10.8% 1,439 10.9% UK 933 6.8% 1,011 7.4% 997 7.5% Italy 797 5.8% 740 5.4% 708 5.4% France 547 4.0% 490 3.6% 473 3.6% Switzerland 481 3.5% 482 3.5% 497 3.8% Middle East (2) 479 3.5% 451 3.3% 439 3.3% Other EMEA (3) 1,491 10.8% 1,417 10.4% 1,405 10.6% Total EMEA 6,204 45.1% 6,063 44.4% 5,958 45.1% Americas (4) 4,003 29.1% 3,811 27.9% 3,447 26.1% of which United States of America 3,452 25.1% 3,262 23.9% 2,924 22.1% Mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan 1,162 8.4% 1,490 10.9% 1,552 11.7% of which Mainland China 814 5.9% 1,221 8.9% 1,290 9.8% Rest of APAC (5) 2,383 17.4% 2,299 16.8% 2,264 17.1% Total 13,752 100.0% 13,663 100.0% 13,221 100.0% (1) Excluding strictly limited racing cars (such as the XX Programme and the 499P Modificata), one-off and pre- owned cars. (2) Middle East mainly includes the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Lebanon, Qatar, Oman and Kuwait. (3) Other EMEA includes Africa and the other European markets not separately identified. (4) Americas includes the United States of America, Canada, Mexico, the Caribbean and Central and South America. (5) Rest of APAC mainly includes Japan, Australia, Singapore, Indonesia, South Korea, Thailand, India and Malaysia. Research, Development and Product Lifecycle We engage in research and development activi- ties aimed at further enhancing our technological edge through continuous innovation and improving the design, performance, driving thrills, advanced technology, safety, efficiency and reliability of our cars, among other things. Costs we incur for the development of our cars and engines, as well as their related components and systems, are recog- nized as an asset if, and only if, the required condi- tions under IAS 38 - Intangible Assets are met, in- cluding, among others: (i) development costs can be measured reliably, (ii) the technical feasibility of the product, estimated volumes and expected pricing all support the reasonable expectation that the development expenditure will generate future economic benefits, and (iii) the Group has the inten- tion to complete the development and the ability to use the intangible asset. Capitalized development costs include all direct and indirect costs that may be directly attributed to the development process. All other research and development costs are ex- pensed as incurred. Research and development costs are recognized net of any technology-related government incentives received. The level of our capitalized development costs is primarily affected by the timing of updates and re- newals to our product portfolio, the pace of our in- novation schedule and the integration of newly-in- troduced powertrain technologies (including hybrid and electric) more broadly into our product portfo- lio. We continually launch new cars with enhanced technological innovations and design improve- ments. In 2024, we launched three new models: the 12Cilindri, the 12Cilindri Spider and our new limited edition Supercar, the F80, in line with our previously announced objective of introducing 15 new models over the period from 2023 to 2026, with a view to maintaining our product portfolio’s leading position and to respond quickly to market demand and tech- nological breakthroughs. We will continue to focus on a well-diversified product portfolio composed of three different powertrains (ICE, hybrid and elec- tric), while increasing the integration of hybrid and electric technologies in future models, as evidenced by shipments of our hybrid models surpassing those of our ICE models for the first time in 2024, as well as our first full electric Ferrari which we expect to launch in the fourth quarter of 2025. A portion of our research and development efforts are related to the development of the var- ious components used in our models, and in par-

[TABLE] 1,476
[TABLE] 933
[TABLE] 797
[TABLE] 547
[TABLE] 481
[TABLE] 479
[TABLE] 1,491
[TABLE] 6,204
[TABLE] 4,003
[TABLE] 3,452
[TABLE] 1,162
[TABLE] 814
[TABLE] 2,383
[TABLE] 13,752

[PAGE 90]
90 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F ticular, hybrid, electric, electronic and mechanical components. Our continued focus on component development has the objective of improving perfor- mance and reducing the costs to develop new mod- els. Our strategy involves making core components in-house, as well as collaborating with partners to co-develop and tailor best in class solutions for state- of-the-art technologies. Capitalized development costs are amortized on a straight-line basis from the start of production over the estimated lifecycle of the model or the useful life of the related assets or components. Our Range models typically have a life- cycle of four to five years, while our Special Series, Icona and Supercar models typically have shorter lifecycles, and the useful life of components may be up to eight years. We also incur research and development costs in connection with our Formula 1 and other racing activities, including initiatives to maximize the per- formance, efficiency and safety of our racing cars. While we develop these technologies for initial use in our Formula 1 and other racing cars, we seek to transfer these technologies and components to models in our current and future product portfolio, where appropriate. Technological developments and changes in the regulations of the Formula 1 World Championship generally lead us to design, develop and construct a new racing car to be used for one year only and therefore the costs incurred for the design, development and construction of a new racing car are generally expensed as incurred and classified as research and development costs in the income statement, unless the technology is expected to be used for more than one year and the costs meet the capitalization criteria in IAS 38. Research and development costs for Formula 1 activities can vary from year to year and may be dif- ficult to predict because they are subject to, among other things, the need to respond to our car’s performance relative to other racing teams and changes in racing regulations, including the num- ber of races and inflation. Formula 1 financial regulations include a bud- get cap to limit the amount of spending for chassis costs that may be incurred by the teams partici- pating in the Formula 1 World Championship (pri- marily costs relating to the development and man- ufacturing of the racing car chassis and excluding, among others, the activities to enable the supply of power units, marketing costs, drivers’ salaries and the top three personnel at each team). Additionally, starting in 2023, a cap was also introduced for the development of the power units that will be used for the 2026 season. The aforementioned budget caps on spending are defined for each season based on several factors, including the number of races and inflation. The budget cap for the 2024 Formula 1 season was €148 million in relation to the develop- ment and manufacturing of the racing car chassis and €98.5 million relating to the power units that will be used in the 2026 season. The budget cap for the 2025 season is currently in the process of being defined but is expected to be higher than in 2024, which, other things being equal, would lead to higher cost of sales and research and develop- ment costs in the period. As a result of our strategy to continuously inno- vate and broaden our product portfolio and inte- grate hybrid, electric and other advanced technol- ogies into our cars, our capitalized development costs have gradually increased during the period from 2022 to 2024, from €416 million in 2022 to €448 million in 2023 and €476 million in 2024. This has contributed to an increase in the proportion of capitalized development costs compared to total research and development incurred, including the effects of the advancement through the stages of development for many of the technologies we are creating, as well as the aforementioned caps on certain costs we are allowed to incur for the chas- sis of our Formula 1 racing cars and the develop- ment of the power unit to be introduced in 2026 (in accordance with applicable FIA financial regula- tions). In particular, capitalized development costs as a proportion of total research and development incurred (both capitalized and expensed) increased from 44.5 percent in 2022 to 45.4 percent in 2023 and 45.8 percent in 2024. The following table summarizes our research and development expenditure for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022: (€ million) For the years ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 Capitalized development costs (1) 476 448 416 Research and development costs expensed (A) 563 539 518 Total research and development incurred 1,039 987 934 Amortization of capitalized development costs (B) 331 343 258 Research and development costs as recognized in the consolidated income statement (A+B) 894 882 776 (1) Capitalized to development costs within intangible assets

[TABLE] 476
[TABLE] 563
[TABLE] 1,039
[TABLE] 331
[TABLE] 894

[PAGE 91]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 91 BOARD REPORT Car Profitability The relative profitability of the cars we sell tends to vary depending on a number of factors, includ- ing the exclusivity of the offering, overall perfor- mance of the car and its technological advance- ment and content, engine type and performance, level of personalization and the geographic market in which the cars are sold. For example, our strict- ly limited edition Icona models (the most recent is the Daytona SP3 for which shipments commenced in the fourth quarter of 2022), as well as our limited edition Supercars (the most recent is the F80 for which shipments are expected to start in last quar- ter of 2025) have sales prices that are significantly higher than other models in our product portfolio in light of their exclusivity, as well as the advanced technology and design these models feature. In general, these more exclusive offerings generate higher revenues and provide better margins than those generated on shipments of our Range and Special Series models, thereby improving our fi- nancial performance in the periods in which they are sold. We plan to launch our Icona models more frequently compared to our Supercars and we ex- pect this to moderate potential fluctuations in finan- cial performance due to the cadence of launches of our Supercars. Additionally, car profitability may vary between countries as a result of, among oth- er things, economic conditions, the maturity of the market, customs duties and tariffs, as well as emis- sions regulations. We leverage the continuous improvement of the performance, technology and other features of our cars, as well as the exclusivity of certain model offerings and the scarcity value resulting from our low volume strategy, to increase the average price point of our Range and Special Series models over time. In particular, in recent years we have been increasing the price of selected models in certain markets and we have introduced new models with higher average selling prices compared to the cor- responding predecessor models. Furthermore, as we continue to integrate advanced technologies more broadly into our car portfolio, including hybrid and electric powertrains, we expect that our aver- age price point will continue to increase, reflect- ing the superior technological content of our new models. Our experience to date suggests that the profitability of a specific model is not necessarily impacted by the type of powertrain. Additionally, the interior and exterior technology and content of the cars we sell can be customized through our personalization offerings, which can be further enhanced through additional bespoke specifications. Incremental revenues from person- alization are a particularly favorable factor of our pricing and product mix due to the fact that we gen- erate incremental margin on each additional option selected by our clients. SPONSORSHIP, COMMERCIAL AND BRAND NET REVENUES Our revenues from sponsorship, commercial and brand activities are primarily impacted by, among other things, the appeal of our brand, as well as the historical success and current performance of our racing teams (primarily from our participation in the FIA Formula 1 World Championship with Scuderia Ferrari and in the World Endurance Championship with the Ferrari Endurance Team), which both im- pact our ability to attract new sponsors and promote brand activities. Additionally, our revenues from sponsorship, commercial and brand activities are also influenced by the overall popularity of Formula 1 and our other racing competitions more broadly. We have increased our net revenues from spon- sorship, commercial and brand activities in recent years, from €499 million in 2022 to €572 million in 2023 and €670 million in 2024, representing annual growth of 14.6 percent and 17.1 percent, respectively. This trend has been driven primarily by new racing spon- sorships, as well as by commercial revenues linked to our racing performance and our brand activities. Cost of Sales and Selling, General and Admin- istrative Costs — Cost of sales primarily includes costs incurred in the manufacturing and distribution of our cars and spare parts. The cost of materials, components and labor are the most significant ele- ments, while the remaining costs primarily relate to depreciation, insurance and transportation, as well as warranty and product liability-related costs, which are estimated and recorded at the time our cars or products are shipped. Interest expenses and other financial charges that are directly attributable to our financial services activities in the United States, including provisions for risks and write-downs of financial assets, are also reported in cost of sales. In manufacturing our cars, we incur costs (through production or purchase) for a variety of raw materials (the most significant of which is alumi- num), components (including mechanical, electrical, electronic, aluminum, steel and plastic components, as well as castings and tires) and supplies, as well as for utilities, logistics and other services from numer- ous suppliers. Fluctuations in the cost of sales are primarily related to the number of cars we produce and sell, along with changes in the mix of models in our product portfolio and, primarily in 2022 and 2023, also inflation. Newer models generally have more technologically advanced components and enhancements, including hybrid and electric tech- nology, and therefore have higher costs per unit; however, we aim to price our cars appropriately to recover these costs in line with our profitability strategy. Our Icona, Supercar and One-Off models also generally have higher costs per unit compared to our Range and Special Series cars, although the higher sales prices for these models typically more than offset the higher costs. Cost of sales is also affected by fluctuations of certain raw material prices, although we typically seek to manage these

[PAGE 92]
92 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F costs and minimize their volatility through the use of long-term fixed price purchase contracts. Over time, we have made efforts to achieve technical and commercial efficiencies. In particular, technical efficiencies focus on efforts to produce components using innovative and cost-effective materials, without compromising the quality or per- formance of the components. In order to achieve these technical efficiencies, we perform in-house research and development activities and we invite our suppliers to present us with innovative techni- cal solutions that they have developed. Commercial efficiencies have been achieved through negoti- ating discounts and entering into long-term con- tracts with our partners and suppliers, who commit upfront to pass on to us a portion of the efficien- cies they achieve in performing our supply con- tracts. Furthermore, efforts are made to award new business to existing partners and suppliers, where appropriate, in order to negotiate favorable pricing. As cost of sales also includes depreciation of plant and equipment, cost of sales is affected by the number and timing of product launches as the start of production of new models triggers the com- mencement of depreciation of plant and equipment acquired specifically for those models. When new models are introduced, we also incur promotional costs in connection with product launch and marketing initiatives, which are generally recorded within selling, general and administrative costs. Our schedule of model launches through 2026 is expected to increase promotional costs compared to prior periods. Furthermore, we are currently mak- ing significant investments in brand development, which is also expected to increase selling, general and administrative costs in the coming periods. ECONOMIC CONDITIONS AND MACRO EVENTS As a result of rising inflation in recent years, we have experienced increases in the costs of our raw ma- terials, energy, utilities, financing and certain other goods and services, resulting in downward pres- sure on our operating profit (EBIT) margin, although inflation decreased in 2023 compared to 2022 and continued to decrease in 2024. Following the aforementioned rise in inflation, several main central banks raised interest rates rap- idly over the course of 2022 and part of 2023, includ- ing in the United States where we offer retail client financing for the purchase of our cars through our fully owned subsidiary FFS Inc, as well as in EMEA where we offer retail client financing (primarily in the UK, Germany and Switzerland) through our equity method investment in Ferrari Financial Services GmbH (for which we hold a 49.9 percent interest). This has resulted in a general increase in the cost of bor- rowing, which has in turn increased the interest rates on loans we generate for new car financing as well as the cost of funds we use to finance our financial ser- vices activities, although the impacts have been tem- pered following the more recent decrease in central bank rates in the United States, the European Union and elsewhere. If interest rates remain elevated or increase again, it may lead to a higher cost of own- ership for customers who finance the purchase of their vehicle, which could have an adverse impact on demand for our cars in certain markets. The ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine that started in February 2022, and the resulting geo- political tensions have had a significant impact on the global economy, resulting in a sharp increase in energy prices and higher prices for certain raw materials and goods and services, which in turn has contributed to higher inflation globally. Many governments and supranational organizations around the world have imposed sanctions on certain industry sectors and Russian parties, as well as enhanced export controls on certain products and industries, including luxury goods. Ferrari has very limited commercial interests in Russia, Ukraine and the areas of conflict, and the effects of the aforementioned sanctions and other measures on our business have been contained. Additionally, uncertainties regarding future trade arrangements and industrial policies in var- ious countries or regions create additional mac- roeconomic risk. In the United States, any policy to discourage imports into the United States of vehi- cles produced elsewhere could adversely affect our operations and the U.S. administration has announced its intention to impose steep tariffs on imported goods, including cars. Management carefully monitors the inflation out- look and changes to interest rates, as well as devel- opments in the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, as well as conflicts elsewhere in the world (including the conflict between Israel and Hamas which has caused escalations in the wider region) and geopolitical tensions more generally, in order to appropriately address the potential impacts, direct or indirect, on our operations, order intake, supply chain (including the prices and availability of raw materials), operating costs and financial expenses, as well as potential impacts on our customers, the global finan- cial markets and the financial services industry more broadly. In order to mitigate potential supply chain dis- ruptions that could result from the aforementioned factors, we have at times deliberately maintained a higher level of inventory and may continue to do so. EFFECTS OF FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATES We operate in numerous markets worldwide and are affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates through (i) the translation into Euro upon con- solidation of foreign currency financial statements of our subsidiaries with functional currencies other than Euro, which we refer to as the translation impact, and (ii) transactions by entities of the Group in cur- rencies other than their own functional currencies, which we refer to as the transaction impact. Translation impacts arise in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements; in particular,

[PAGE 93]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 93 BOARD REPORT we present our consolidated financial statements in Euro, while the functional currency of each of our subsidiaries depends on the primary economic envi- ronment of the entity. In preparing the consolidated financial statements, we translate into Euro the assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries expressed in local functional currency other than Euro using the foreign currency exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheet date, while we translate income and expenses using the average foreign currency exchange rates for the period presented. Accordingly, fluctuations in the foreign currency exchange rates of the func- tional currencies of our subsidiaries against the Euro impacts our results of operations. Transaction impacts arise when our Group enti- ties conduct transactions in currencies other than their own functional currency. Therefore, we are also exposed to foreign currency risks in connection with scheduled receipts and payments in multiple curren- cies. Our costs are primarily denominated in Euro, while the majority of our revenues are generated in currencies other than the Euro, mainly in U.S. Dollars, Japanese Yen, Chinese Yuan, Pound Sterling, Swiss Franc and, to a lesser extent, certain other currencies. Typically, an appreciation/depreciation of the U.S. Dollar, and the other currencies in which we operate, against the Euro positively/negatively impacts our net revenues and results of operations, although the impacts of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates are also impacted by our hedging operations. In 2024, foreign currency exchange impact (including hedging transactions) on our revenues and operating profit was negative, mainly driven by the U.S. Dollar, the Japanese Yen and the Chinese Yuan. Currency changes also had a negative impact in 2023, primarily due to the depreciation of the U.S. Dollar, the Japanese Yen and the Chinese Yuan against the Euro, but these were partially offset by our hedges. Our risk management policies contemplate the use of derivative financial instruments to hedge for- eign currency exchange rate risk. In particular, we have used derivative financial instruments as cash flow hedges for the purpose of hedging the foreign currency exchange rate at which a predetermined proportion of forecasted transactions denominat- ed in foreign currencies will occur. Accordingly, our results of operations have not been fully exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. See Note 30 “Qualitative and Quantitative Information on Financial Risks” to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this document for additional information related to our foreign curren- cy exchange rate risk policies. REGULATION We ship our cars throughout the world and are therefore subject to a variety of laws and regula- tions, including tariffs. These laws regulate our cars, including their emissions, fuel consumption and safety, as well as our manufacturing facilities. As we are currently a small volume manufacturer in cer- tain jurisdictions, we benefit from certain regulatory exemptions, including less stringent emissions caps. Developing, engineering and producing cars which meet continuously evolving regulatory require- ments, and can therefore be sold in the relevant markets, requires a significant effort and expendi- ture of resources. See “Overview of Our Business— Regulatory Matters” for additional information. PATENT BOX BENEFIT Income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 benefited from the application of the Patent Box tax regime by Article 1, par. 37-45 of Law No. 190 of December 23, 2014, as amended and sup- plemented from time to time, which provides tax ben- efits for companies that generate income through the use of intangible assets. Starting in 2020 the Group has implemented the Patent Box tax regime, covering the period from 2020 to the conclusion of this regime in 2024, with the recognition of the associated tax ben- efit distributed over three equal annual installments. The Law Decree (Decree) n. 146 enacted by the Italian authorities, effective from October 22, 2021 and as amended by the 2022 Italian budget law, replaces the previous Patent Box tax regime with a new one that provides a 110% “super tax deduction” for certain costs related to eligible intangible assets. The Decree also outlines a transitional procedure for the coexistence of both regimes during their applicable periods. As a result of a change in the Patent Box tax regime, we expect our effective tax rate to increase in 2025 compared to 2024. For additional information see Note 10 “Income taxes” to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this document. ASSET-BACKED FINANCING (SECURITIZATIONS) We pursue a strategy of autonomous financing for our financial services activities in the United States, which involves limiting or reducing dependency on intercompany funding and increasing the portion of self-liquidating debt with various securitization transactions. As our financial services portfolio has increased due to growth of the business, our asset-backed financing (securitizations) has also increased to finance the underlying receivables. In particular, the increase of €211 million in our receiv- ables from financing activities from €1,451 million at December 31, 2023 to €1,662 million at December 31, 2024 was accompanied by an increase of €176 million, in our asset-backed financing (securitiza- tions) from €1,166 million at December 31, 2023 to €1,342 million at December 31, 2024 (including the effects of foreign currency translation impact). For further details relating to our receivables from financing activities and our asset-backed financing (securitizations), see Note 18 “Current Receivables and Other Current Assets” and Note 24 “Debt” to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this document.

[PAGE 94]
94 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F RESULTS OF OPERATIONS CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 2024 COMPARED TO 2023 AND 2023 COMPARED TO 2022 The following is a discussion of the results of operations for the year end- ed December 31, 2024 compared to the year ended December 31, 2023 and for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to the year ended December 31, 2022. The presentation includes line items as a percentage of net revenues for the respective periods presented to facilitate year- over-year comparisons. For the years ended December 31, 2024 Percentage of net revenues 2023 Percentage of net revenues 2022 Percentage of net revenues (€ million, except percentages) Net revenues 6,677 100.0% 5,970 100.0% 5,095 100.0% Cost of sales 3,330 49.9% 2,996 50.2% 2,649 52.0% Selling, general and administrative costs 561 8.4% 463 7.7% 428 8.4% Research and development costs 894 13.4% 882 14.8% 776 15.2% Other expenses, net 12 0.1% 18 0.3% 21 0.4% Result from investments 8 0.1% 6 0.1% 6 0.1% Operating profit (EBIT) 1,888 28.3% 1,617 27.1% 1,227 24.1% Financial income 147 2.2% 132 2.2% 84 1.2% Financial expenses 146 2.2% 147 2.5% 133 2.2% Financial (income)/expenses, net (1) —% 15 0.3% 49 1.0% Profit before taxes 1,889 28.3% 1,602 26.8% 1,178 23.1% Income tax expense 363 5.4% 345 5.7% 239 4.7% Net profit 1,526 22.9% 1,257 21.1% 939 18.4% NET REVENUES The following table sets forth an analysis of our net revenues for each of the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022: For the years ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease) 2024 Percentage of net revenues 2023 Percentage of net revenues 2022 Percentage of net revenues 2024 vs. 2023 2023 vs. 2022 (€ million, except percentages) Cars and spare parts (1) 5,728 85.8% 5,119 85.7% 4,321 84.8% 609 11.9% 798 18.5% Sponsorship, commercial and brand (2) 670 10.0% 572 9.6% 499 9.8% 98 17.1% 73 14.6% Other (3) 279 4.2% 279 4.7% 275 5.4% — —% 4 1.4% Total net revenues 6,677 100.0% 5,970 100.0% 5,095 100.0% 707 11.8% 875 17.2% (1) Includes net revenues generated from shipments of our cars, any personalization generated on these cars, as well as sales of spare parts. (2) Includes net revenues earned by our racing teams (mainly in the Formula 1 World Championship and in the World Endurance Championship) through sponsorship agreements and our share of the Formula 1 World Championship commercial revenues, as well as net revenues generated through the Ferrari brand, including fashion collections, merchandising, licensing and royalty income. (3) Primarily relates to financial services activities, management of the Mugello racetrack and other sports- related activities as well as net revenues generated from the rental of engines to other Formula 1 racing teams and from the sale of engines to Maserati. Starting from 2024, residual net revenues generated from the sale of engines are presented within other net revenues as a result of the expiration of the supply contract with Maserati in December 2023. As a result, net revenues generated from engines of €127 million and €155 million for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 that were previously presented as “Engines” net revenues have been presented within “Other” net revenues to conform to the current presentation.

[TABLE] 6,677
[TABLE] 3,330
[TABLE] 561
[TABLE] 894
[TABLE] 12
[TABLE] 8
[TABLE] 1,888
[TABLE] 147
[TABLE] 146
[TABLE] (1)
[TABLE] 1,889
[TABLE] 363
[TABLE] 1,526
[TABLE] 5,728 | 85.8%
[TABLE] 670 | 10.0%
[TABLE] 279 | 4.2%
[TABLE] 6,677 | 100.0%

[PAGE 95]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 95 BOARD REPORT 2024 COMPARED TO 2023 Net revenues for 2024 were €6,677 million, an in- crease of €707 million or 11.8 percent (an increase of 13.4 percent on a constant currency basis), com- pared to €5,970 million for 2023. The increase in net revenues was attributable to the combination of (i) a €609 million increase in cars and spare parts and (ii) a €98 million increase in sponsorship, commercial and brand. Cars and spare parts Net revenues generated from cars and spare parts for 2024 were €5,728 million, an increase of €609 million or 11.9 percent, compared to €5,119 million for 2023. The increase in net revenues from cars and spare parts was primarily attributable to a richer product and country mix, as well as a higher con- tribution from personalization. Foreign currency exchange impact, including hedging transactions, was negative, mainly driven by the U.S. Dollar, the Japanese Yen and the Chinese Yuan. Total shipments in 2024 were 13,752, an increase of 89 cars or 0.7 percent, compared to 13,663 in 2023. Our product portfolio during the year included ten internal combustion engine (ICE) models and six hybrid engine models, which represented 48.7 percent and 51.3 percent of shipments, respectively. Both the num- ber of hybrid cars and the proportion of hybrid cars to the total number of cars shipped continued to increase in 2024 compared to 2023, surpassing those of ICE vehicles for the first time, in line with our strategy to integrate newly-introduced powertrain technologies more broadly into our product portfolio. Shipments were mainly driven by the Purosangue, the Roma Spider and the 296 GTS, as well as our first shipments of the SF90 XX family during the year and the 12Cilindri in the fourth quarter, while the 812 Competizione A was approaching the end of its lifecycle and the Portofino M, the SF90 Stradale, the 812 GTS, the 812 Competizione and the Roma were phased out during the year. Shipments of the Daytona SP3 increased year-over-year in line with our delivery plans. The €609 million increase in net revenues from cars and spare parts was composed of: (i) a €335 mil- lion increase in Americas (ii) a €273 million increase in EMEA, and (iii) an €47 million increase in APAC, par- tially offset by (iv) a €46 million decrease in Mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan. The mix of net reve- nues by geography primarily reflects deliberate vol- ume and product allocation in different markets. Sponsorship, commercial and brand Net revenues generated from sponsorship, com- mercial agreements and brand management activ- ities for 2024 were €670 million, an increase of €98 million or 17.1 percent, compared to €572 million for 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to new sponsorships and lifestyle activities. Other Other net revenues were €279 million for 2024 and for 2023, with higher revenues from financial ser- vices activities substantially offset by the end of the supply of engines to Maserati. 2023 COMPARED TO 2022 Net revenues for 2023 were €5,970 million, an in- crease of €875 million or 17.2 percent (an increase of 17.1 percent on a constant currency basis), com- pared to €5,095 million for 2022. The increase in net revenues was attributable to the combination of (i) a €798 million increase in cars and spare parts, (ii) a €73 million increase in spon- sorship, commercial and brand and (iii) a €4 million increase in other revenues. Cars and spare parts Net revenues generated from cars and spare parts for 2023 were €5,119 million, an increase of €798 million or 18.5 percent, compared to €4,321 million for 2022. The increase in net revenues from cars and spare parts was primarily attributable to a more favorable product and country mix, higher contribution from personalization, higher volumes and pricing. Foreign currency exchange impact, including hedging trans- actions, was slightly negative, mainly driven by the depreciation of the Japanese Yen and Chinese Yuan, partially offset by the appreciation of the U.S. Dollar. Total shipments for the year ended December 31, 2023 were 13,663, an increase of 442 cars or 3.3 percent, compared to 13,221 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The deliveries of the year included 11 internal combustion engine (ICE) models (including one ICE track car model) and 4 hybrid engine models, which represented 55.8 percent and 44.2 percent of shipments, respectively. Both the number of hybrid cars and the proportion of hybrid cars to the total number of cars shipped more than doubled in 2023 compared to 2022, driven by the 296 and SF90 fami- lies. The increase in shipments was also driven by the 812 Competizione family, the Purosangue, which was in ramp up phase in the second half of the year, and the Portofino M, which was approaching the end of its lifecycle during the year, partially offset by lower shipments of the 812 GTS and the Roma, as well as the F8 Tributo and F8 Spider, which were phased out in the first and fourth quarters of the year, respec- tively. Shipments of the Daytona SP3 were in line with our delivery plans for this phase of its lifecycle and we made our first shipments of the Roma Spider in the fourth quarter of 2023. The €798 million increase in net revenues from cars and spare parts was composed of: (i) a €442 million increase in EMEA driven primarily by favor- able mix, shipments of the Daytona SP3 and higher contribution from personalization, (ii) a €310 mil- lion increase in Americas and (iii) an €86 million

[PAGE 96]
96 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F increase in APAC, partially offset by (iv) a €40 million decrease in Mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan. The mix of net revenues by geography primarily reflects deliberate volume and product allocation in different markets. Sponsorship, commercial and brand Net revenues generated from sponsorship, com- mercial agreements and brand management activ- ities for 2023 were €572 million, an increase of €73 million, or 14.6 percent, compared to €499 million for 2022. The increase was primarily attributable to new racing sponsorships, higher Formula 1 com- mercial revenues and a better Formula 1 ranking in 2022 compared to 2021, as well as the contribution from lifestyle activities. Other Other net revenues for 2023 were €279 million, an increase of €4 million or 1.4 percent, compared to €275 million for 2022. The increase was mainly driv- en by an increase of financial services activities. COST OF SALES For the years ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease) 2024 Percentage of net revenues 2023 Percentage of net revenues 2022 Percentage of net revenues 2024 vs. 2023 2023 vs. 2022 (€ million, except percentages) Cost of sales 3,330 49.9% 2,996 50.2% 2,649 52.0% 334 11.1% 347 13.1% 2024 COMPARED TO 2023 Cost of sales for 2024 was €3,330 million, an in- crease of €334 million or 11.1 percent, compared to €2,996 million for 2023. As a percentage of net rev- enues, cost of sales was 49.9 percent in 2024 com- pared to 50.2 percent in 2023. The increase in cost of sales was primarily attrib- utable to a change in product mix, higher indus- trial costs, as well as racing and other supporting activities, partially offset by the end of the supply of engines to Maserati. 2023 COMPARED TO 2022 Cost of sales for 2023 was €2,996 million, an in- crease of €347 million or 13.1 percent, compared to €2,649 million for 2022. As a percentage of net rev- enues, cost of sales was 50.2 percent in 2023 com- pared to 52.0 percent in 2022. The increase in cost of sales was primarily attributable to a change in product mix, higher car volumes and higher industrial costs (reflecting cost inflation and depreciation), as well as racing and other supporting activities, partially offset by fewer engines sold to Maserati and foreign currency exchange impact. SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS For the years ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease) 2024 Percentage of net revenues 2023 Percentage of net revenues 2022 Percentage of net revenues 2024 vs. 2023 2023 vs. 2022 (€ million, except percentages) Selling, general and administrative costs 561 8.4% 463 7.7% 428 8.4% 98 21.3% 35 8.1%

[TABLE] 3,330 | 49.9%
[TABLE] 561 | 8.4%

[PAGE 97]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 97 BOARD REPORT 2024 COMPARED TO 2023 Selling, general and administrative costs for 2024 were €561 million, an increase of €98 million or 21.3 percent, compared to €463 million for 2023. As a percentage of net revenues, selling, general and administrative costs were 8.4 percent in 2024 com- pared to 7.7 percent in 2023. The increase in selling, general and administra- tive costs mainly reflects continuing initiatives for software, digital infrastructure and organizational development, as well as brand investments. 2023 COMPARED TO 2022 Selling, general and administrative costs for 2023 were €463 million, an increase of €35 million or 8.1 percent, compared to €428 million for 2022. As a percentage of net revenues, selling, general and administrative costs were 7.7 percent in 2023 com- pared to 8.4 percent in 2022. The increase in selling, general and administra- tive costs mainly reflects continuing initiatives for digital infrastructure and organizational develop- ment, as well as brand investments. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT COSTS For the years ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease) 2024 Percentage of net revenues 2023 Percentage of net revenues 2022 Percentage of net revenues 2024 vs. 2023 2023 vs. 2022 (€ million, except percentages) Research and development costs expensed during the year 563 8.4% 539 9.1% 518 10.1% 24 4.5% 21 4.1% Amortization of capitalized development costs 331 5.0% 343 5.7% 258 5.1% (12) (3.5%) 85 33.0% Research and development costs 894 13.4% 882 14.8% 776 15.2% 12 1.4% 106 13.7% 2024 COMPARED TO 2023 Research and development costs for 2024 were €894 million, an increase of €12 million or 1.4 per- cent, compared to €882 million for 2023. As a per- centage of net revenues, research and development costs were 13.4 percent in 2024 compared to 14.8 percent in 2023. The increase of €12 million was primarily driven by an increase in research and development costs expensed of €24 million, driven by racing activities and our focus on continuous innovation, partially offset by a decrease in amortization of capitalized development costs of €12 million, mainly driven by the phase-out of certain models. 2023 COMPARED TO 2022 Research and development costs for 2023 were €882 million, an increase of €106 million or 13.7 per- cent, compared to €776 million for 2022. As a per- centage of net revenues, research and development costs were 14.8 percent in 2023 compared to 15.2 percent in 2022. The increase of €106 million was primarily attributable to (i) higher amortization of capitalized development costs of €85 million driven by a general increase in capitalized development costs in recent years (€448 million in 2023 and €416 million in 2022) in line with our strategy to innovate and broaden our product portfolio, as well as by (ii) higher research and development costs expensed of €21 million driven by Formula 1 and other racing activities. OTHER EXPENSES, NET For the years ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease) 2024 2023 2022 2024 vs. 2023 2023 vs. 2022 (€ million, except percentages) Other income 22 11 13 11 99.1% 2 (12.0%) Other expense 34 29 34 5 14.8% (5) (12.2%) Other expenses, net 12 18 21 (6) (34.2%) 3 (12.3%)

[TABLE] 563 | 8.4%
[TABLE] 331 | 5.0%
[TABLE] 894 | 13.4%
[TABLE] 22
[TABLE] 34
[TABLE] 12

[PAGE 98]
98 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F Other expenses primarily consist of indirect taxes, provisions and other miscellaneous expenses. Other income primarily consists of rental income, gains on the disposal of property, plant and equipment and releases of previously recognized provisions, as well as other miscellaneous income. The increase in other income in 2024 compared to 2023 primarily relates to indemnities received from suppliers. OPERATING PROFIT (EBIT) For the years ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease) 2024 Percentage of net revenues 2023 Percentage of net revenues 2022 Percentage of net revenues 2024 vs. 2023 2023 vs. 2022 (€ million, except percentages) Operating profit (EBIT) 1,888 28.3% 1,617 27.1% 1,227 24.1% 271 16.7% 390 31.8% 2024 COMPARED TO 2023 Operating profit (EBIT) for 2024 was €1,888 million, an increase of €271 million or 16.7 percent, com- pared to €1,617 million for 2023. As a percentage of net revenues, operating profit (EBIT) increased from 27.1 percent in 2023 to 28.3 percent in 2024. The increase in operating profit (EBIT) was pri- marily attributable to the combined effects of (i) pos- itive volume impact of €7 million, (ii) €386 million of positive product mix, sustained by the Daytona SP3 and a few units of the 499P Modificata, as well as higher contribution from personalizations and posi- tive country mix driven by the Americas, (iii) negative contribution of €12 million from research and devel- opment costs, (iv) negative contribution of €98 mil- lion from selling, general and administrative costs, (v) positive contribution of €70 million driven by new sponsorships and lifestyle activities, partially offset by higher costs due to the better 2024 Formula 1 season ranking, and (vi) negative foreign currency exchange impact of €82 million (including foreign currency hedging instruments), mainly driven by the U.S. Dollar, the Japanese Yen and the Chinese Yuan. 2023 COMPARED TO 2022 Operating profit (EBIT) for 2023 was €1,617 million, an increase of €390 million or 31.8 percent, com- pared to €1,227 million for 2022. As a percentage of net revenues, operating profit (EBIT) increased from 24.1 percent in 2022 to 27.1 percent in 2023. The increase in operating profit (EBIT) was pri- marily attributable to the combined effects of (i) positive volume impact of €42 million (as further described in revenues above), (ii) positive product and country mix impact of €461 million, sustained by the Daytona SP3, the 812 Competizione and the SF90 families, as well as by the contribution from the Americas and Mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan and a higher contribution from personalization and pricing, (iii) negative contribution of €106 million from research and development costs, (iv) negative contribution of €35 million from selling, general and administrative costs, (v) positive contribution of €13 million from the combined effects of higher Formula 1 commercial revenues, a better Formula 1 ranking in 2022 compared to 2021, new racing sponsorships and a higher contribution from lifestyle activities, as well as a partial release of environmental provisions as a result of more favorable market conditions for car emissions credits, partially offset by higher indus- trial costs, reflecting the effects of cost inflation and higher depreciation and amortization, and (vi) posi- tive foreign currency exchange impact of €15 million (including foreign currency hedging instruments). FINANCIAL (INCOME)/EXPENSES, NET For the years ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease) 2024 2023 2022 2024 vs. 2023 2023 vs. 2022 (€ million, except percentages) Financial income 147 132 84 15 11.2% 48 57.8% Financial expenses 146 147 133 (1) (1.0%) 14 10.4% Financial (income)/expenses, net (1) 15 49 (16) (108.0%) (34) (69.7%)

[TABLE] 147
[TABLE] 146
[TABLE] (1)

[PAGE 99]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 99 BOARD REPORT 2024 COMPARED TO 2023 Financial income, net was €1 million for 2024 com- pared to financial expenses, net of €15 million for 2023. The net change was primarily attributable to an increase in financial income of €15 million, mainly driven by (i) positive net foreign currency exchange impact (including the net costs of hedging) and (ii) higher interest income on cash and cash equiva- lents, partially offset by (iii) a decrease in gains rec- ognized on the cash tender of bonds (no cash ten- ders of bonds were made in 2024 while in the third quarter of 2023 we executed a partial cash tender on a bond due in 2025, resulting in gains in 2023 of €8 million). 2023 COMPARED TO 2022 Financial expenses, net for 2023 decreased to €15 million compared to €49 million for 2022. The de- crease in financial expenses, net was driven by (i) foreign currency exchange impact (including the net costs of hedging), (ii) higher interest income on cash and cash equivalents and (iii) gains realized on the partial cash tender executed during the third quarter of 2023 on a bond due in 2025 (€8 million). INCOME TAX EXPENSE For the years ended December 31, Increase/(Decrease) 2024 2023 2022 2024 vs. 2023 2023 vs. 2022 (€ million, except percentages) Income tax expense 363 345 239 18 5.3% 106 44.6% 2024 COMPARED TO 2023 Income tax expense for 2024 was €363 million, an increase of €18 million, compared to €345 million for 2023. Income taxes for both years benefited from the coexistence of two Patent Box tax regimes, which provide tax benefits for companies using in- tangible assets(1). See Note 10 “Income Taxes” to the Consolidated Financial Statements included else- where in this Report for additional information relat- ed to the Patent Box tax regime in Italy. The increase in income tax expense was primar- ily attributable to an increase in profit before taxes, partially offset by a decrease of the effective tax rate. The effective tax rate was 19.2 percent in 2024 compared to 21.5 percent in 2023, mainly reflecting the coexistence of the two aforementioned Patent Box tax regimes, with a greater effect of the new regime in 2024 compared to 2023. 2023 COMPARED TO 2022 Income tax expense for 2023 was €345 million, an increase of €106 million, compared to €239 million for 2022. Income taxes for both years benefited from the application of the Patent Box regime. See Note 10 “Income Taxes” to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Report for additional information related to the Patent Box tax regime in Italy. The increase in income tax expense was primar- ily attributable to an increase in profit before taxes in 2023 compared to 2022. The effective tax rate was 21.5 percent in 2023 compared to 20.2 percent in 2022, mainly reflecting the estimate of the benefit attributable to the Patent Box, the Allowance for Corporate Equity (ACE) and tax incentives for eligible research and development costs and investments.

[PAGE 101]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 101 BOARD REPORT LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES LIQUIDITY OVERVIEW We require liquidity in order to fund our operations, meet our obligations, make capital investments and reward our shareholders. Short-term liquidity is re- quired, among others, to purchase raw materials, parts, components and utilities, mainly for the produc- tion of our cars, as well as for personnel and other op- erating costs. In addition to our general working capi- tal and operational needs, we require cash for capital investments to support continuous product portfolio renewal and expansion, as well as for research and development activities aimed at continually innovating and improving our cars, including the enrichment of our product portfolio with hybrid and electric tech- nology. We also make investments to enhance man- ufacturing efficiency, improve capacity, implement sustainability initiatives, ensure environmental and regulatory compliance and carry out maintenance activities, among others. We fund our capital expen- diture primarily with cash generated from our op- erating activities. We also use liquidity to reward our shareholders through dividends and share repur- chases. For example, in 2024 we distributed dividends of €440 million to owners and made common share repurchases of €581 million, together representing nearly 100 percent of our Industrial Free Cash Flow from Industrial Activities for the year of €1,027 million. For additional information relating to Free Cash Flow from Industrial Activities, which is a non-GAAP finan- cial measures, see “—Non-GAAP Financial Measures”. We centrally manage our operating cash man- agement, liquidity and cash flow requirements with the objective of ensuring effective and efficient management of our funds. We believe that our cash generation together with our available liquidity, including committed credit lines granted from pri- mary financial institutions, supported by the access to debt capital markets, will be sufficient to meet our short-term and long-term liquidity requirements. See the “Net Debt and Net Industrial Debt” section below for additional details relating to our liquidity. CYCLICAL NATURE OF OUR CASH FLOWS Our working capital is subject to month to month fluctuations due to, among other things, production and sales volumes, our financial services activities, the timing of capital expenditures and, to a lesser extent, tax payments. In particular, our inventory lev- els generally increase in the periods leading up to the launch of new models, during the phase out of exist- ing models when we build up spare parts, and at the end of the second quarter when our inventory levels are generally higher to support the summer plant shutdown. Inventory levels are also adjusted as we deem necessary for agile supply chain management requirements. We generally receive payment for cars between 30 and 40 days after the car is shipped (or earlier when sales financing arrangements are utilized by us or by our dealers), while we generally pay most suppliers between 60 and 70 days after we receive the raw materials, components or other goods and services. Additionally, we also receive advance pay- ments from our customers, mainly for our Icona, limited edition and Special Series models, as well as certain Range models in selected markets. We main- tain sufficient inventory of raw materials and com- ponents to ensure continuity of our production lines, however delivery of most raw materials and compo- nents takes place monthly or more frequently in or- der to minimize inventories. The manufacture of one of our cars typically takes between 30 and 45 days, depending on the level of automation of the relevant production line, and the car is generally shipped to our dealers three to six days following the comple- tion of production, although in certain regions we may warehouse cars for longer periods of time to ensure prompt deliveries. As a result of the above, including the advances received from customers for certain car models, we tend to receive payment for cars shipped before or around the time we are required to make payments for the raw materials, components or other materials used in the manu- facturing of our cars. However, the advances we collect on cars may be subject to timing differences from period to period as a result of the number of models in our product portfolio for which we collect advances and the stage of their lifecycle at a given point in time, which ultimately impacts our working capital. Our investments for capital expenditure and research and development are, among other fac- tors, influenced by the timing and number of new models launches. Our development costs, as well as our other investments in capital expenditure, gener- ally peak when we develop a significant number of new models to renew or expand our product port- folio. Our investments in research and development are also influenced by the timing of research costs for our Formula 1 activities, for which expenditure in a normal season is generally higher in the first and last quarters of the year, and also depends on the evolution of the applicable Formula 1 technical regu- lations, as well as the number and cadence of races during the course of the racing season. We are cur- rently undergoing a period of structurally higher capital spending as we broaden our car architec- tures, prioritize innovation and advanced technolo- gies, and integrate hybrid and electric powertrains into our product portfolio. We also continue to make significant capital investments in operating assets and infrastructure projects that are important for our continued growth and development, including for the ongoing construction of our new paint shop. The payment of income taxes also affects our cash flows. We pay the first tax advance payment in the second and/or third quarter of the year, together with the remaining tax balance due for the previous

[PAGE 102]
102 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F year, and the remaining part of the advance payment in the third and/or fourth quarter. Our income tax expense and tax payments in 2024, 2023 and 2022 benefited from applying the Patent Box tax regime in Italy. See Note 10 “Income Taxes” to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this document for additional information related to the Patent Box tax regime in Italy. CASH FLOWS The following table summarizes the cash flows from/(used in) operating, investing and financing activities for each of the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022. For additional details of our cash flows, see our Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this document. For the years ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (€ million) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year 1,122 1,389 1,344 Cash flows from operating activities 1,927 1,717 1,403 Cash flows used in investing activities (987) (867) (805) Cash flows used in financing activities (325) (1,109) (554) Translation exchange differences 5 (8) 1 Total change in cash and cash equivalents 620 (267) 45 Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year 1,742 1,122 1,389 2024 COMPARED TO 2023 For the year ended December 31, 2024 cash and cash equivalents held by the Group increased by €620 million compared to a decrease in cash and cash equivalents of €267 million for the year end- ed December 31, 2023. The difference in the net change in cash and cash equivalents in 2024 com- pared to 2023 of positive €887 million was mainly attributable to the combined effects of: (i) a decrease in cash flows used in financing activ- ities of €784 million in 2024 compared to 2023, driven by (i) an increase in proceeds from debt of €677 million, (ii) a decrease in repayments of debt of €338 million, partially offset by (iii) an increase in dividends paid to owners of €111 million and (iv) an increase in share repurchases of €120 million; and (ii) an increase in cash flows from operating activ- ities of €210 million in 2024 compared to 2023, primarily driven by an increase in net profit ex- cluding non-cash items of €276 million, a de- crease in cash absorbed from inventories, trade receivables and trade payables of €56 million and (iii) lower net finance costs paid of €50 mil- lion, partially offset by (iv) higher income tax paid of €117 million and (v) a decrease from other op- erating assets and liabilities of €69 million; partially offset by: (iii) an increase in cash flows used in investing activ- ities of €120 million in 2024 compared to 2023, driven by higher investments in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, reflecting our initiatives for the development of new mod- els, components and infrastructure. 2023 COMPARED TO 2022 For the year ended December 31, 2023 cash and cash equivalents held by the Group decreased by €267 million compared to an increase in cash and cash equivalents of €45 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The difference in the net change in cash and cash equivalents in 2023 compared to 2022 of negative €312 million was primarily attribut- able to the combined effects of: (i) an increase in cash flows from operating activ- ities of €314 million in 2023 compared to 2022, driven by an increase in net profit excluding non-cash items of €506 million, partially offset by higher absorption of cash for working cap- ital, mainly due to an increase in inventories driven by production planning and an enriched product mix, as well as by lower collection of advances for cars in 2023 compared to 2022, which benefited from the collection of advanc- es for the Daytona SP3; partially offset by: (ii) an increase in cash flows used in investing ac- tivities of €62 million in 2023 compared to 2022, driven by higher investments in property, plant

[TABLE] 1,122
[TABLE] 1,927
[TABLE] (987)
[TABLE] (325)
[TABLE] 5
[TABLE] 620
[TABLE] 1,742

[PAGE 103]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 103 BOARD REPORT and equipment and intangible assets, reflecting our initiatives for the development of new mod- els, components and infrastructure; and (iii) an increase in cash flows used in financing ac- tivities of €555 million in 2023 compared to 2022, driven by (i) higher repayments of debt of €583 million (€751 million in 2023 compared to €168 million in 2022), (ii) higher dividends paid of €82 million (€334 million in 2023 compared to €252 million in 2022) and (iii) higher share repur- chases of €64 million (€461 million in 2023 com- pared to €397 million in 2022), partially offset by (iv) an increase in proceeds from debt of €174 million (€436 million in 2023 compared to €262 million in 2022). Please refer to the following discussion and to the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows included elsewhere in this document for additional informa- tion related to our cash flows. A summary of the cash flows from or used in operating, investing and financing activities for each year is provided below. OPERATING ACTIVITIES YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024 For the year ended December 31, 2024, our cash flows from operating activities were €1,927 million, primarily attributable to: (i) net profit of €1,526 million, adjusted for €667 million for depreciation and amortization ex- pense, €363 million of income tax expense and net other non-cash expenses of €165 million (mainly related to provisions, allowances, share- based compensation expense and the result from investments accounted for using the equi- ty method); and partially offset by: (i) €244 million of cash absorbed from the net change in inventories, trade receivables and trade payables, attributable to inventories for €158 million mainly driven by an enriched prod- uct mix and trade receivables for €94 million mainly driven by product mix and sponsorship agreements, partially offset by higher trade payables for €8 million; (ii) €119 million related to cash absorbed by receiv- ables from financing activities driven by an in- crease in the financial services portfolio due to volume growth; (iii) €20 million of cash absorbed from the change in other operating assets and liabilities; (iv) €1 million of net finance costs paid; and (v) €410 million of income tax paid. OPERATING ACTIVITIES YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 For the year ended December 31, 2023, our cash flows from operating activities were €1,717 million, primarily attributable to: (i) net profit of €1,257 million, adjusted for €345 million of income tax expense, €662 million for depreciation and amortization expense, €147 million of financial expenses, €132 million of financial income and net other non-cash ex- penses of €139 million (mainly related to provi- sions, allowances, share-based compensation expense and the result from investments ac- counted for using the equity method); (ii) €49 million of cash generated from the change in other operating assets and liabilities, primari- ly driven by advances received for our cars; and partially offset by: (i) €300 million of cash absorbed from the net change in inventories, trade receivables and trade payables, attributable to inventories for €310 mil- lion driven by production planning and an enriched product mix and trade receivables for €33 million, partially offset by trade payables for €43 million; (ii) €107 million related to cash absorbed by receiv- ables from financing activities driven by an in- crease in the financial services portfolio due to volume growth; (iii) €51 million of net finance costs paid; and (iv) €292 million of income tax paid. OPERATING ACTIVITIES YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our cash flows from operating activities were €1,403 million, primarily attributable to: (i) net profit of €939 million, adjusted for €238 million of income tax expense, €546 million for depreciation and amortization expense, €133 million of financial expenses, €84 million of fi- nancial income and net other non-cash expens- es and income of €112 million (mainly related to provisions, allowances, share-based compen- sation expense and the result from investments accounted for using the equity method); and (ii) €140 million of cash generated from the change in other operating assets and liabilities, primar- ily driven by advances received for the Ferrari Daytona SP3 and the 812 Competizione A; partially offset by: (i) €305 million of income tax paid; (ii) €188 million of cash absorbed by receivables from financing activities, driven by an increase in the financial services portfolio;

[PAGE 104]
104 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F (iii) €98 million of cash absorbed from the net change in inventories, trade receivables and trade payables, primarily (iv) attributable to higher overall volumes; and (v) €32 million of net finance costs paid. INVESTING ACTIVITIES YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024 For the year ended December 31, 2024 our net cash used in investing activities was €987 million, primar- ily attributable to capital expenditures of (i) €507 mil- lion for intangible assets, mainly related to external- ly acquired and internally generated development costs, and (ii) €482 million for property, plant and equipment. For a detailed analysis of additions to in- tangible assets and property, plant and equipment see “—Capital Expenditures” below. INVESTING ACTIVITIES YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 For the year ended December 31, 2023, our net cash used in investing activities was €867 million, primari- ly attributable to capital expenditures of: (i) €487 mil- lion for intangible assets, mainly related to external- ly acquired and internally generated developments costs, and (ii) €382 million for property, plant and equipment. For a detailed analysis of additions to in- tangible assets and property, plant and equipment see “—Capital Expenditures” below. INVESTING ACTIVITIES YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our net cash used in investing activities was €805 million, primari- ly attributable to: (i) €457 million of additions to intan- gible assets and, (ii) €348 million of additions to prop- erty, plant and equipment. For a detailed analysis of additions to intangible assets and property, plant and equipment see “—Capital Expenditures” below. FINANCING ACTIVITIES YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024 For the year ended December 31, 2024, net cash used in financing activities was €325 million, primar- ily attributable to: (i) €581 million to repurchase common shares un- der the Company’s share repurchase program (including the Sell-to-Cover practice under the Group’s equity incentive plans); (ii) €445 million of dividends paid (of which €5 mil- lion was to non-controlling interests); (iii) €244 million for repayments related to our revolv- ing securitization programs in the United States; (iv) €105 million for repayments of borrowings from banks and other financial institutions; and (v) €62 million for repayments of lease liabilities and other debt; partially offset by: (i) €496 million in proceeds from the issuance of a new bond with a principal amount of €500 mil- lion due in 2030; (ii) €340 million in proceeds related to our revolv- ing securitization programs in the United States; (iii) €225 million in proceeds from bank borrow- ings; and (iv) €51 million in proceeds from other debt. FINANCING ACTIVITIES YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 For the year ended December 31, 2023, net cash used in financing activities was €1,109 million, pri- marily attributable to: (i) €385 million for the full repayment upon maturi- ty of a bond previously issued in 2016 and €191 million for the partial repayment of a bond due in 2025 following a tender offer by the Group; (ii) €461 million to repurchase common shares un- der the Company’s share repurchase program (including the “Sell-to-Cover” practice under the equity incentive plans); (iii) €334 million of dividends paid (of which €329 million was to owners of the parent and €5 mil- lion was to non-controlling interests); (iv) €73 million of repayments of borrowings from banks and other financial institutions, and (v) €18 million for repayments of lease liabilities; partially offset by: (i) €250 million of proceeds from borrowings from banks and other financial institutions; and (ii) €102 million of proceeds net of repayments re- lated to our revolving securitization programs in the United States (proceeds of €151 million and repayments of €49 million). FINANCING ACTIVITIES YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our net cash used in financing activities was €554 million, primar- ily attributable to: (i) €397 million to repurchase common shares un- der the Company’s share repurchase program (including the “Sell-to-Cover” practice under the equity incentive plans); (ii) €252 million of dividends paid (of which €250 million was to owners of the parent and €2 mil- lion was to non-controlling interests); (iii) €46 million related to the net change in borrow- ings to banks and other financial institutions; and (iv) €17 million in repayments of lease liabilities; partially offset by:

[PAGE 105]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 105 BOARD REPORT (i) €146 million of proceeds net of repayments re- lated to our revolving securitization programs in the United States; and (ii) €12 million related to the net change in other debt. CAPITAL EXPENDITURES Capital expenditures are defined as additions to property, plant and equipment (including right-of- use assets recognized in accordance with IFRS 16 — Leases) and intangible assets. Our capital investments generally focus on efforts to support continuous product portfolio renewal and expansion, including for the required infrastructure, as well as develop- ment activities aimed at continually innovating and improving our cars, including the integration of hy- brid and electric engine technology more broadly into our product portfolio. We expect that our capital expenditures in the next few years will continue to be primarily focused on broadening and innovating our product range, consistent with our plans to launch 15 models over the period from 2023 to 2026, as well as on infrastructure investments to further enhance our technological edge with innovation and the devel- opment of core components in house. Capital expenditures for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 were €1,064 mil- lion, €911 million and €824 million, respectively. The following table sets forth a breakdown of capital expenditures by category for each of the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022: For the years ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (€ million) Intangible assets Externally acquired and internally generated development costs 476 448 416 Patents, concessions and licenses 26 24 31 Other intangible assets 5 15 10 Total intangible assets 507 487 457 Property, plant and equipment Land and industrial buildings 58 32 18 Plant, machinery and equipment 105 113 154 Other assets 61 36 27 Advances and assets under construction 333 243 168 Total property, plant and equipment 557 424 367 of which leases recognized in accordance with IFRS 16 75 42 19 Total capital expenditures 1,064 911 824 INTANGIBLE ASSETS Our total capital expenditures for intangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2024 were €507 million (€487 million and €457 million for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively). The most significant investments in intangible assets relate to externally acquired and internally generated development costs. In particular, we make such investments to support the development of our current and future product offering. The cap- italized development costs primarily include materi- als and personnel costs relating to the engineering, design and development activities focused on con- tent enhancement of existing cars and new mod- els, including to broaden and innovate our product portfolio and our ongoing investments in advanced technologies (including hybrid and electric), as well as the development of key components used in our cars, which are necessary to provide continuing performance upgrades to our customers and which we expect to continue to develop primarily in-house. In recent periods, our capitalized developments costs have significantly increased for the aforemen- tioned initiatives from €416 million in 2022 to €448 million in 2023 and €476 million in 2024. This has con- tributed to an increase in the proportion of capital- ized development costs compared to total research and development incurred due to the effects of the advancement through the stages of development for many of the technologies we are creating. In particular, capitalized development costs as a proportion of total research and development incurred (both capitalized and expensed) increased to 45.8 percent in 2024 com- pared to 45.4 percent in 2023 and 44.5 percent in 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2024, we invest-

[TABLE] 476
[TABLE] 26
[TABLE] 5
[TABLE] 507
[TABLE] 58
[TABLE] 105
[TABLE] 61
[TABLE] 333
[TABLE] 557
[TABLE] 75
[TABLE] 1,064

[PAGE 106]
106 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F ed €476 million in externally acquired and internally generated development costs, of which €283 million primarily related to the development of models to be launched in future years and €193 million primarily related to the development of our current product portfolio and components. For the year ended December 31, 2023, we invested €448 million in externally acquired and internally generated development costs, of which €286 million primarily related to the development of models to be launched in future years and €162 million primarily related to the development of our current product portfolio and components. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we invested €416 million in externally acquired and internally generated development costs, of which €301 million primarily related to the development of models to be launched in future years and €115 million primarily related to the development of our current product portfolio and components. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT Our total capital expenditures in property, plant and equipment for the year ended December 31, 2024 were €557 million (€424 million and €367 million for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, re- spectively), of which €75 million related to right-of- use assets (€42 million and 19 million for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively). For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, we made significant investments in infra- structures in line with our growth plans and our focus on the renewal and broadening of our prod- uct portfolio and supporting future model launches. In particular, we made investments: • for our new e-building, which was inaugurated in June 2024; • in car and engine production lines (including for models to be launched in future years), as well as in our personalization programs; and • the new paint shop. At December 31, 2024, the Group had contrac- tual commitments for the purchase of property, plant and equipment amounting to €397 million (€115 million at December 31, 2023). The increase in con- tractual commitments reflects the aforementioned period of structurally higher capital spending as we make investments in infrastructure projects, includ- ing the new paint shop, as well as broaden our car architectures, prioritize innovation and advanced technologies, and enrich our product portfolio with hybrid and electric powertrains. CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS The following table summarizes payments due un- der our significant contractual commitments at December 31, 2024: Payments due by period Less than 1 year 1 to 3 years 3 to 5 years After 5 years Total (€ million) Long-term debt (1) 1,176 739 375 800 3,090 Interest on long-term debt (2) 80 82 51 13 226 Lease obligations (principal) (3) 26 39 26 35 126 Lease obligations (interest) 3 5 3 3 14 Unconditional minimum purchase obligations (4) 112 56 46 — 214 Purchase obligations (5) 307 90 — — 397 Total contractual obligations 1,704 1,011 501 851 4,067 (1) Amounts presented relate to the principal amounts of long-term debt, excluding lease liabilities and the related interest expense that will be paid when due. For additional information see Note 24 “Debt” to our Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this document. The table above does not include short-term debt obligations. See the table below for a reconciliation of the contractual commitments of our long-term debt to the debt recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position included within our Consolidated Financial Statements. (2) Amounts include interest payments based on the contractual terms and current interest rates on our long- term debt. Where interest rates are variable, they were determined using the rates in effect at December 31, 2024. (3) Lease obligations mainly relate to leases for Ferrari stores, industrial buildings and certain other leased assets used in our business. (4) Unconditional minimum purchase obligations relate to our unconditional purchase obligations to purchase a fixed or minimum quantity of goods and/or services from suppliers with fixed and determinable price provisions. From time to time, in the ordinary course of our business, we enter into various arrangements with key suppliers in order to establish strategic and technological advantages. In particular, such agreements primarily relate to research and development activities and, to a lesser extent, tooling obligations. This amount also includes unconditional purchase obligations to purchase a minimum quantity of goods and/or services in connection with certain of our sponsorship contracts. (5) Purchase obligations represent obligations to purchase property, plant and equipment.

[TABLE] 3,090
[TABLE] 226
[TABLE] 126
[TABLE] 14
[TABLE] 214
[TABLE] 397
[TABLE] 4,067

[PAGE 108]
108 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F The long-term debt obligations reflected in the table above can be reconciled to the amount recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position at December 31, 2024 (in our Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this document) as follows: (€ million) Debt 3,352 Short-term debt obligations (124) Lease liabilities (126) Accrued interest and amortized cost effects (12) Long-term debt 3,090 PENSION, POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS AND OTHER PROVISIONS FOR EMPLOYEES We provide post-employment benefits for certain active employees and retirees of the Group. We classify these benefits on the basis of the type of benefit provided and in particular as defined con- tribution plans, defined benefit obligations or other provisions for employees. At December 31, 2024, the liability for such obligations amounted to €134 mil- lion (€123 million at December 31, 2023). See Note 22 “Employee benefits” to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this document. OTHER COMMITMENTS AND OBLIGATIONS We have entered into various arrangements with unconsolidated third parties in the ordinary course of business under which we have certain commit- ments and obligations that are not currently report- ed as obligations in our consolidated statement of fi- nancial position. For additional information see Note 29 “Commitments” to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this document. NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES We monitor and evaluate our operating and finan- cial performance and financial position using sever- al non-GAAP financial measures, including several adjusted measures which present how the underly- ing business has performed prior to the impact of adjusting items, which may obscure the underlying performance and impair comparability of results between periods. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful and relevant in- formation to management and investors regarding our performance and improve the ability to assess our financial performance and financial position. They also provide us with comparable measures that facilitate management’s ability to identify op- erational trends, as well as make decisions regard- ing future spending, resource allocations and other operational decisions. Management also uses these measures for budgeting and business plans, perfor- mance monitoring, management remuneration and external reporting purposes. In particular, we present the following non-GAAP financial measures, which are further described below: EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Operating Profit (Adjusted EBIT), Adjusted Net Profit, Adjusted Basic Earnings per Common Share, Adjusted Diluted Earnings per Common Share, Net Debt, Net Industrial Debt, Free Cash Flow and Free Cash Flow from Industrial Activities, as well as a number of financial metrics measured on a constant currency basis. While similar measures are widely used in the industry in which we operate, the non-GAAP financial measures we use may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures used by other companies nor are they intended to be substitutes for measures of financial performance or financial position as pre- pared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards. EBITDA AND ADJUSTED EBITDA EBITDA is defined as net profit before income tax ex- pense, financial (income)/expenses, net and amorti- zation and depreciation. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as EBITDA as adjusted for certain income and costs, which are significant in nature, expected to occur in- frequently, and that management considers not re- flective of ongoing operational activities. The following table sets forth the calculation of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, and provides a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to net profit. There were no adjustments impacting Adjusted EBITDA, therefore Adjusted EBITDA was equal to EBITDA for the periods presented.

[TABLE] (124)
[TABLE] (126)
[TABLE] (12)
[TABLE] 3,090

[PAGE 109]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 109 BOARD REPORT For the years ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (€ million) Net profit 1,526 1,257 939 Income tax expense 363 345 239 Financial (income)/expenses, net (1) 15 49 Operating profit (EBIT) 1,888 1,617 1,227 Amortization and depreciation 667 662 546 EBITDA 2,555 2,279 1,773 Adjustments — — — Adjusted EBITDA 2,555 2,279 1,773 ADJUSTED OPERATING PROFIT (ADJUSTED EBIT) Adjusted Operating Profit (Adjusted EBIT) represents operating profit (EBIT) as adjusted for certain income and costs which are significant in nature, expected to occur infrequently, and that management considers not reflective of ongoing operational activities. The following table presents operating profit (EBIT) and Adjusted Operating Profit (Adjusted EBIT) for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022. There were no adjustments impacting Operating Profit (EBIT), therefore Adjusted Operating Profit (Adjusted EBIT) was equal to operating profit (EBIT) for the periods presented. For the years ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (€ million) Operating profit (EBIT) 1,888 1,617 1,227 Adjustments — — — Adjusted Operating Profit (Adjusted EBIT) 1,888 1,617 1,227 ADJUSTED NET PROFIT Adjusted Net Profit represents net profit as adjusted for certain income and costs (net of tax effects) which are significant in nature, expected to occur infrequently, and that management considers not reflective of ongoing operational activities. The following table presents net profit and Adjusted Net Profit for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022. There were no adjustments impacting net profit, therefore Adjusted Net Profit was equal to net profit for the periods presented. For the years ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (€ million) Net profit 1,526 1,257 939 Adjustments — — — Adjusted Net Profit 1,526 1,257 939

[TABLE] 1,526
[TABLE] 363
[TABLE] (1)
[TABLE] 1,888
[TABLE] 667
[TABLE] 2,555
[TABLE] —
[TABLE] 2,555
[TABLE] 1,888
[TABLE] —
[TABLE] 1,888
[TABLE] 1,526
[TABLE] —
[TABLE] 1,526

[PAGE 110]
110 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F ADJUSTED BASIC EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE AND ADJUSTED DILUTED EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE Adjusted Basic Earnings per Common Share and Adjusted Diluted Earnings per Common Share rep- resent earnings per share, as adjusted for certain in- come and costs (net of tax effects) which are signif- icant in nature, expected to occur infrequently, and that management considers not reflective of ongo- ing operational activities. The following table presents Adjusted Basic Earnings per Common Share and Adjusted Diluted Earnings per Common Share for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022. There were no adjustments impacting basic Earnings per com- mon share and diluted earnings per common share, therefore Adjusted Basic Earnings per Common Share and Adjusted Diluted Earnings per Common Share were equal to basic earnings per common share and diluted earnings per common share for the periods presented. For the years ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 Net profit attributable to owners of the Company € million 1,522 1,252 933 Weighted average number of common shares for basic earnings per share thousand 179,743 181,220 182,836 Basic earnings per common share € 8.47 6.91 5.11 Adjustments € — — — Adjusted Basic Earnings per Common Share € 8.47 6.91 5.11 Weighted average number of common shares for diluted earnings per share(1) thousand 179,992 181,511 183,121 Diluted earnings per common share € 8.46 6.90 5.09 Adjustments € — — — Adjusted Diluted Earnings per Common Share € 8.46 6.90 5.09 (1) For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the weighted average number of common shares for diluted earnings per common share includes the theoretical effect of the potential common shares that would be issued for outstanding share-based awards granted by the Group (assuming 100 percent of the target awards vested). See Note 12 “Earnings per Share” to the Consolidated Financial State- ments, included elsewhere in this document, for the calculation of the basic earnings per common share and diluted earnings per common share. NET DEBT AND NET INDUSTRIAL DEBT Due to different sources of cash flows used for the repayment of debt between industrial activities and financial services activities, and the different business structure and leverage implications, Net Industrial Debt, together with Net Debt, are the pri- mary measures used by us to analyze our capital structure and financial leverage. NET DEBT Is defined as debt less cash and cash equivalents and is composed of Net Industrial Debt and Net Debt of Financial Services Activities, which are both de- fined below. NET INDUSTRIAL DEBT Is defined as debt of our industrial activities less cash and cash equivalents of our industrial activities. Net Industrial Debt represents our Net Debt less our Net Debt of Financial Services Activities (as defined below). Industrial activities include all of the Group’s activities except for those relating to financial ser- vices activities, which are further described below. NET DEBT OF FINANCIAL SERVICES ACTIVITIES Is defined as debt of our financial services activities less cash and cash equivalents of our financial ser- vices activities. The Group’s financial services ac- tivities relate to its fully owned subsidiary Ferrari Financial Services Inc., whose primary business is to offer retail client financing for the sale of Ferrari cars in the United States and to manage the relat- ed financial receivables portfolio. The Net Debt of Financial Services Activities primarily relates to our asset-backed financing (securitizations) of the receiv- ables generated by our financial services activities in the United States.

[TABLE] 1,522
[TABLE] 179,743
[TABLE] 8.47
[TABLE] —
[TABLE] 8.47
[TABLE] 179,992
[TABLE] 8.46
[TABLE] —
[TABLE] 8.46

[PAGE 111]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 111 BOARD REPORT The following table sets presents our Net Debt, Net Debt of Financial Services Activities and Net Industrial Debt at December 31, 2024 and 2023. At December 31, 2024 2023 Group Financial Services Activities Industrial Activities Group Financial Services Activities Industrial Activities (€ million) Bonds and notes (1,413) — (1,413) (904) — (904) Asset-backed financing (Securitizations) (1,342) (1,342) — (1,166) (1,166) — Borrowings from banks and other financial institutions (415) (63) (352) (291) (73) (218) Lease liabilities (126) — (126) (73) — (73) Other debt (56) (51) (5) (43) (42) (1) Total debt with third parties (3,352) (1,456) (1,896) (2,477) (1,281) (1,196) Intercompany (1) — (29) 29 — (9) 9 Total debt, net of intercompany (3,352) (1,485) (1,867) (2,477) (1,290) (1,187) Cash and cash equivalents 1,742 55 1,687 1,122 34 1,088 Net Debt (1,610) (1,430) (180) (1,355) (1,256) (99) (1) Represents intercompany (debt)/receivables between industrial activities and financial services activities. For additional information relating to our total debt, see Note 24 “Debt” to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this document. The Net Debt of Financial Services Activities pri- marily relates to our asset-backed financing (secu- ritizations) of the receivables generated by our fi- nancial services activities in the United States. The latter amounted to €1,662 million and €1,451 million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For further details relating to our receivables from fi- nancing activities and our asset-backed financing (securitizations), see Note 18 “Current Receivables and Other Current Assets” and Note 24 “Debt” to the Consolidated Financial Statements included else- where in this document. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS Cash and cash equivalents amounted to €1,742 mil- lion at December 31, 2024 compared to €1,122 mil- lion at December 31, 2023. See “—Cash Flows” above for further details. At December 31, 2024, 88 percent of our cash and cash equivalents were denominated in Euro (80 percent at December 31, 2023). Our cash and cash equivalents denominated in currencies other than the Euro are available mostly to Ferrari S.p.A. and certain subsidiaries which operate in areas other than the Eurozone. Cash held in such countries may be subject to transfer restrictions depending on the jurisdictions in which these subsidiaries operate. In particular, cash held in China (including in curren- cies other than the Chinese Yuan), which amounted to €63 million at December 31, 2024 (€81 million at December 31, 2023), is subject to certain repatria- tion restrictions and may only be repatriated as a re- payment of payables or debt, or as dividends or cap- ital distributions. We do not currently believe that such transfer restrictions have an adverse impact on our ability to meet our liquidity requirements.

[TABLE] (1,413) | — | (1,413)
[TABLE] (1,342) | (1,342) | —
[TABLE] (415) | (63) | (352)
[TABLE] (126) | — | (126)
[TABLE] (56) | (51) | (5)
[TABLE] (3,352) | (1,456) | (1,896)
[TABLE] — | (29) | 29
[TABLE] (3,352) | (1,485) | (1,867)
[TABLE] 1,742 | 55 | 1,687
[TABLE] (1,610) | (1,430) | (180)

[PAGE 112]
112 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F The following table sets forth an analysis of the currencies in which our cash and cash equivalents were denominated at the dates presented. At December 31, 2024 2023 (€ million) Euro 1,536 895 U.S. Dollar 108 97 Chinese Yuan 63 81 Swiss Franc 12 11 Pound Sterling 8 20 Other currencies 15 18 Total 1,742 1,122 Cash collected from the settlement of receivables under securitization programs is subject to certain restrictions regarding its use and is primarily applied to repay principal and interest of the related funding. Such cash amounted to €54 million at December 31, 2024 (€32 million at December 31, 2023). TOTAL AVAILABLE LIQUIDITY Total available liquidity (defined as cash and cash equivalents plus undrawn committed credit lines) at December 31, 2024 was €2,292 million (€1,722 million at December 31, 2023).The following table summarizes our total available liquidity: At December 31, 2024 2023 (€ million) Cash and cash equivalents 1,742 1,122 Undrawn committed credit lines 550 600 Total available liquidity 2,292 1,722 The undrawn committed credit lines at December 31, 2024 and 2023 relate to revolving credit facilities. For further details, see Note 24 “Debt” to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this document. FREE CASH FLOW AND FREE CASH FLOW FROM INDUSTRIAL ACTIVITIES Free Cash Flow and Free Cash Flow from Industrial Activities are two of our primary key performance indicators to measure the Group’s performance and cash flow generation. These measures are not representative of residual cash flows available for discretionary purposes. FREE CASH FLOW Is defined as consolidated cash flows from oper- ating activities less investments in property, plant and equipment (excluding right-of-use assets rec- ognized during the period in accordance with IFRS 16 — Leases), intangible assets and joint ventures. Free Cash Flow is composed of Free Cash Flow from Industrial Activities and Free Cash Flow from Financial Services Activities, which are both defined below. FREE CASH FLOW FROM INDUSTRIAL ACTIVITIES Is defined as cash flows from operating activi- ties of our industrial activities less investments in property, plant and equipment (excluding right-of- use assets recognized during the period in accor- dance with IFRS 16 — Leases), intangible assets and joint ventures of our industrial activities. Free Cash Flow from Industrial Activities represents our Free Cash Flow less our Free Cash Flow from Financial

[TABLE] 1,536
[TABLE] 108
[TABLE] 63
[TABLE] 12
[TABLE] 8
[TABLE] 15
[TABLE] 1,742
[TABLE] 1,742
[TABLE] 550
[TABLE] 2,292

[PAGE 113]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 113 BOARD REPORT Services Activities (as defined below). Industrial ac- tivities include all of the Group’s activities except for those relating to financial services activities, which are further described below. FREE CASH FLOW FROM FINANCIAL SERVICES ACTIVITIES Is defined as cash flows from operating activities of our financial services activities less investments in property, plant and equipment (excluding right-of- use assets recognized during the period in accor- dance with IFRS 16 — Leases), intangible assets and joint ventures of our financial services activities. The Group’s financial services activities relate only to its fully owned subsidiary Ferrari Financial Services Inc., whose primary business is to offer retail client financ- ing for the sale of Ferrari cars in the United States and to manage the related financial receivables portfolio. Its cash flows from operating activities are mainly driven by the change in its financial receivables port- folio (receivables from financing activities), as well as its operating result during the period. The following table presents our Free Cash Flow, Free Cash Flow from Financial Services Activities and Free Cash Flow from Industrial Activities for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022. For the years ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 Group Financial Services Activities Industrial Activities Group Financial Services Activities Industrial Activities Group Financial Services Activities Industrial Activities (€ million) Cash flows from/(used in)(1) operating activities 1,927 (89) 2,016 1,717 (84) 1,801 1,403 (161) 1,564 Investments in property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and joint ventures (989) — (989) (869) — (869) (806) — (806) Free Cash Flow 938 (89) 1,027 848 (84) 932 597 (161) 758 (1) For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, cash flows used in operating activities of financial services activities mainly reflects the outflows derived from the increase in the financial receivables portfolio (receivables from financing activities in the consolidated statement of financial position) of €118.7 million, €107.2 million and €187.9 million, respectively. Free Cash Flow for the year ended December 31, 2024 was €938 million compared to €848 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 and €597 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. For an explanation of the drivers in Free Cash Flow see “—Cash Flows” above. Free Cash Flow from Industrial Activities for the year ended December 31, 2024 was €1,027 million, an increase of €95 million compared to €932 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to (i) an increase in net profit excluding non-cash items of €276 million and (ii) a decrease in cash absorbed from inventories, trade receivables and trade payables of €56 million, and (iii) lower net finance costs paid of €50 million, partially offset by (iv) an increase in investments in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets of €120 million, reflecting our initiatives for product and infrastructure development, (v) higher income tax paid of €117 million, and (vi) a decrease from oth- er operating assets and liabilities of €69 million. Free Cash Flow from Industrial Activities for the year ended December 31, 2023 was €932 mil- lion, an increase of €174 million compared to €758 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in Free Cash Flow from Industrial Activities was primarily attributable to an increase in net profit before income tax expense, financial (income)/ expenses, net, amortization and depreciation and other non-cash income and expenses, partially off- set by (i) higher absorption of cash for working cap- ital, mainly due to an increase in inventories driven by production planning and an enriched product mix, (ii) lower collection of advances for cars in 2023 compared to 2022 (which benefited from the collec- tion of advances for the Daytona SP3), and (iii) higher investments in intangible assets and property, plant and equipment reflecting our initiatives for product and infrastructure development. CONSTANT CURRENCY INFORMATION The “Results of Operations” discussion above in- cludes information about our net revenues on a con- stant currency basis, which excludes the effects of foreign currency translation from our subsidiaries

[TABLE] 1,927 | (89) | 2,016
[TABLE] (989) | — | (989)
[TABLE] 938 | (89) | 1,027

[PAGE 114]
114 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F with functional currencies other than Euro, as well as the effects of foreign currency transaction im- pact and foreign currency hedging. We use this in- formation to assess how the underlying revenues changed independent of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and hedging. We calcu- late constant currency by (i) applying the prior-pe- riod average foreign currency exchange rates to translate current period revenues of foreign sub- sidiaries expressed in local functional currency oth- er than Euro, (ii) applying the prior-period average foreign currency exchange rates to current period revenues originated in a currency other than the functional currency of the applicable entity, and (iii) eliminating the variances of any foreign currency hedging (see Note 2 “Material Accounting Policies” to the Consolidated Financial Statements, included elsewhere in this document, for information on the foreign currency exchange rates applied). Although we do not believe that these measures are a substi- tute for GAAP measures, we do believe that reve- nues excluding the impact of currency fluctuations and the impacts of hedging provide additional use- ful information to investors regarding the operating performance on a local currency basis. 2025 OUTLOOK 2025 guidance, based on the following assumptions for the year and the current custom duties framework: • Positive product and country mix, along with strong personalizations • Improved contribution from racing activities, reflecting higher sponsorships as well as com- mercial revenues linked to the better Formula 1 ranking achieved in 2024 • Lifestyle activities to expand its revenues growth rate, while investing to accelerate development and enlarge the network • Continuous brand investments, higher racing and digital transformation expenses • Increased costs implied by the ongoing supply chain challenges • Higher effective tax rate in connection to the change of the Patent Box regime • Robust Industrial free cash flow generation driv- en by strong profitability, partially offset by capital expenditures more contained versus prior year (€B, unless otherwise stated) 2024A 2025 GUIDANCE GROWTH VS 2024 NET REVENUES 6.7 >7.0 ≥5% ADJ. EBITDA (margin %) 2.56 38.3% ≥2.68 ≥38.3% ≥5% ADJ. OPERATING PROFIT (EBIT) (margin %) 1.89 28.3% ≥2.03 ≥29.0% ≥7% ADJ. DILUTED EPS (€) 8.46(1) ≥8.60(1) ≥2% INDUSTRIAL FCF 1.03 ≥1.20 ≥17% (1) Calculated using the weighted average diluted number of common shares at December 31, 2024 (179,992 thousand). MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS Exor is our largest shareholder through its approx- imately 24.84 percent shareholding interest in our outstanding common shares (as of February 6, 2025). As a result of the loyalty voting mechanism, Exor’s voting power is approximately 36.69 percent (as of February 6, 2025). In addition, as of February 6, 2025, Trust Piero Ferrari, a Jersey trust established by Mr. Piero Ferrari, holds approximately 10.56 percent of our outstanding common shares. Piero Ferrari holds the usufruct over such shares including the right to exercise the voting rights of such shares, corresponding to, as a result of the loyalty voting mechanism, a voting power of approximately 15.60 percent. The percentages of ownership and voting power above are calculated based on the number of outstanding shares net of treasury shares. Exor and Mr. Piero Ferrari informed us that they have entered into a shareholder agreement, subsequently amended to reflect adherence by Trust Piero Ferrari, summarized below under “—Shareholders’ Agreement”. Exor is controlled by Giovanni Agnelli B.V. (“G.A.”), which holds approximately 57.07 percent of Exor’s outstanding ordinary shares and 86.29 percent of its voting rights (based on Exor’s latest public capi- tal filings available). G.A. is a Dutch private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met bep- erkte aansprakelijkheid) with interests represented by shares, founded by Giovanni Agnelli and currently held by members of the Agnelli and Nasi families, descendants of Giovanni Agnelli, founder of Fiat. Its present principal business activity is to purchase, administer and dispose of equity interests in public and private entities and, in particular, to ensure the cohesion and continuity of the administration of its controlling equity interests. The managing direc- tors of G.A., as of February 10, 2025, were Jeroen Preller, Andrea Agnelli, Luca Ferrero de’ Gubernatis Ventimiglia, Benedetto Della Chiesa, Johannes Casper Brouwer, Filippo Scognamiglio Pasini, Alexandre von Furstenberg and Niccolò Camerana.

[TABLE] >7.0
[TABLE] ≥2.68
≥38.3%
[TABLE] ≥2.03
≥29.0%
[TABLE] ≥8.60(1)
[TABLE] ≥1.20

[PAGE 115]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 115 BOARD REPORT Based on the information in Ferrari’s shareholder register, regulatory filings with the AFM and the SEC and other sources available to us, the following shareholders owned, directly or indirectly, in excess of three percent of the common shares holding voting rights of Ferrari, as of February 6, 2025: Shareholder Number of common shares Percentage owned (1) Exor N.V. (2) 44,435,280 24.84% Trust Piero Ferrari (2) 18,894,295 10.56% Other public shareholders 115,535,414 64.60% (1) The percentages of share capital set out in this table are calculated as the ratio of (i) the aggregate number of outstanding common shares beneficially owned by the shareholder to (ii) the total number of outstanding common shares (net of treasury shares) of Ferrari. These percentages may slightly differ from the percentages of share capital included in the public register held by the AFM of all notifications made pursuant to the disclosure obligations under chapter 5.3 of the Dutch Act on financial supervision (Wet op het financieel toezicht; the “AFS”), inter alia, because any shares held in treasury by Ferrari are included in the relevant denominators for purposes of the AFS disclosure obligations. (2) Each of Exor and Trust Piero Ferrari participate in the loyalty voting program of Ferrari. As of February 6, 2025, Exor owned 44,435,280 special voting shares and Trust Piero Ferrari owned 18,892,160 special voting shares. Therefore, as discussed above in this section, the voting power of Exor and Trust Piero Ferrari in Ferrari is higher than the percentage of common shares beneficially held as presented in this table. Based on the information in Ferrari’s shareholder reg- ister and other sources available to us, as of February 6, 2025, approximately 57.26 million Ferrari common shares, or 29.53 percent of the outstanding Ferrari common shares, were held in the United States. As of the same date, approximately 1,882 record holders had registered addresses in the United States. SHAREHOLDERS’ AGREEMENT On December 23, 2015, Exor and Piero Ferrari en- tered into a Shareholders’ Agreement, which be- came effective at the completion of the Separation on January 3, 2016 (as amended, the “Shareholders’ Agreement”) and prior to the admission to listing and trading of the common shares of Ferrari on Euronext Milan. On December 16, 2022, Exor, Piero Ferrari and the newly established Trust Piero Ferrari entered into an adherence and amendment agree- ment (the “Adherence and Amendment Agreement”) to the Shareholders’ Agreement, whereby Trust Piero Ferrari was added as a new party to the Shareholders’ Agreement and certain provisions of the Shareholders Agreement were amended. This followed the establishment of Trust Piero Ferrari and the grant to Trust Piero Ferrari of the bare owner- ship of Ferrari shares as described under “—Major Shareholders” above. Ferrari is not a party to the Shareholders’ Agreement nor to the Adherence and Amendment Agreement, and does not have any rights or obligations thereunder. Below is a summa- ry of the principal provisions of the Shareholders’ Agreement based on regulatory filings made by Exor, Trust Piero Ferrari and Piero Ferrari. CONSULTATION For the purposes of forming and exercising, to the extent possible, a common view on the items on the agenda of any General Meeting of shareholders of Ferrari, Exor and Piero Ferrari will consult with each other prior to each General Meeting. For the purposes of this consultation right and duties, representatives of each of Exor and Piero Ferrari shall meet in order to discuss in good faith whether they have or can find a common view as to the matters on the agenda of the immediately following General Meeting. This con- sultation right does not include an obligation to vote in any certain way nor does it constitute a veto right in favor of Piero Ferrari. The consultation rights and obligations set forth in the Shareholders’ Agreement apply solely between Exor and Piero Ferrari, and do not apply to Trust Piero Ferrari. In the event of (i) consolidation upon Trust Piero Ferrari of the usufruct on the common shares of Ferrari, as held by Piero Ferrari, and the bare own- ership on the common shares of Ferrari, as held by Trust Piero Ferrari, or (ii) any other transfer of the usufruct on the common shares of Ferrari, as held by Piero Ferrari, to a Permitted Transferee (as defined in the Shareholders’ Agreement), the consultation rights and obligations set forth in the Shareholders’ Agreement will automatically termi- nate and cease to have any validity and effect and a new consultation procedure will automatically come into force and effect between Exor and the relevant Permitted Transferee (including Trust Piero Ferrari, if applicable). Such new consultation procedure will entail no obligation on the parties to reach a common view and each of Exor and the rel- evant Permitted Transferee (including the trustee acting on behalf of Trust Piero Ferrari, if applicable), will at all times remain free to exercise its voting rights independently.

[PAGE 116]
116 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F PRE-EMPTION RIGHT IN FAVOR OF EXOR AND RIGHT OF FIRST OFFER OF PIERO FERRARI Except for Permitted Transfers (as defined in the Shareholders’ Agreement), the bare ownership on the common shares of Ferrari, as held by Trust Piero Ferrari, and the usufruct on the common shares of Ferrari, as held by Piero Ferrari, will not be trans- ferred separately. In the event of the joint transfer of bare ownership and usufruct of all or part of the Ferrari common shares held by Trust Piero Ferrari, Exor will have the right to purchase all (but not less than all) of the common shares being transferred on the terms of the original proposed transferor, in case the original proposed transfer was for no con- sideration, at market prices determined pursuant to the Shareholders’ Agreement. In the event Exor intends to transfer (in whole or in part) its common shares to a third party, either solicited or unsolicited, Piero Ferrari will have the right to make a binding, unconditional and irrevoca- ble all cash offer for the purchase of such common shares. Trust Piero Ferrari will not have any rights in connection with such right of first offer. The foregoing will not apply in the case of trans- fers of Ferrari common shares: (i) by any party to the Shareholders’ Agreement, to a party that qualifies as a “Loyalty Transferee” (as defined in the Ferrari Articles of Association) of such party, (ii) by Exor, to any affiliate of G.A., to a successor in business of G.A. and to any affiliate of a successor in business of G.A., and (iii) by any party to the Shareholders’ Agreement that is an individual, to an entity wholly owned and controlled by that same party. In addi- tion, the provisions regarding the pre-emption right in favor of Exor and right of first offer of Piero Ferrari will not apply in relation to, and Trust Piero Ferrari will be free and allowed to carry out, market sales to third parties of its Ferrari common shares (provided always that bare ownership and usufruct are transferred together) which in the aggregate do not exceed, during the whole period of validity of the Shareholders’ Agreement, 0.5 percent of the num- ber of common shares owned by Piero Ferrari upon completion of the Separation. SUCCESSION In the event of (i) consolidation upon Trust Piero Ferrari of the usufruct on the common shares of Ferrari, as held by Piero Ferrari, and the bare own- ership on the common shares of Ferrari, as held by Trust Piero Ferrari, or (ii) any other transfer of the usufruct on the common shares of Ferrari, as held by Piero Ferrari, to a Permitted Transferee, all rights and obligations pertaining to Piero Ferrari under the Shareholders’ Agreement other than the consultation rights and obligations described above (and, therefore, including the right of first offer) shall automatically be transferred to the rel- evant Permitted Transferee (including Trust Piero Ferrari, if applicable) to the extent that such provi- sions cannot be classified as acting in concert pro- visions within the meaning of the Dutch applicable laws and regulations. TERM The Shareholders’ Agreement entered into force upon completion of the Separation on January 3, 2016 and provides that it shall remain in force un- til the fifth anniversary of the effective date of the Separation, provided that if neither of the parties to the Shareholders’ Agreement terminates the Shareholders’ Agreement within six months before the end of the initial term, then the Shareholders’ Agreement shall be renewed automatically for an- other five year term. Since neither of the parties to the Shareholders’ Agreement terminated it within six months before January 3, 2021, the Shareholders’ Agreement was automatically renewed for another five year term and, therefore, until January 3, 2026. The Shareholders’ Agreement shall terminate and cease to have any effect as a result of the trans- fer of all the common shares owned by either Exor or Trust Piero Ferrari to a third party. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION The Shareholders’ Agreement is governed by and must be interpreted according to the laws of the Netherlands. Any disputes arising out of or in connec- tion with the Shareholders’ Agreement are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent court in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, without prejudice to the right of appeal and appeal to the Supreme Court. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE INTRODUCTION Ferrari N.V. is a public limited liability company, in- corporated under the laws of the Netherlands. The Company is the holding company of the Ferrari Group following the separation of the Ferrari business from Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V. (“FCA”), now Stellantis N.V. (“Stellantis”). In this section, the “Company” refers to Ferrari N.V. The Company qualifies as a foreign private issuer under the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) listing standards and its common shares are listed on the NYSE and on Euronext Milan (for- merly Mercato Telematico Azionario). In accordance with the NYSE rules, the Company is permitted to follow its home country practice with regard to certain corporate governance stan- dards. Therefore, the Company has adopted, except as discussed below under “Compliance with Dutch Corporate Governance Code”, the best practice pro- visions of the updated Dutch corporate governance code issued by the Corporate Governance Code Monitoring Committee, which entered into force on January 1, 2018 (the “Dutch Corporate Governance

[PAGE 117]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 117 BOARD REPORT Code”) and is applicable retroactively as from finan- cial year 2017. The Dutch Corporate Governance Code contains principles and best practice provi- sions that regulate relations inter alia between the board of directors of a company and its committees and the relationship with the general meeting of shareholders. On December 20, 2022, the Corporate Governance Code Monitoring Committee published an update to the Dutch Corporate Governance Code. The updated Dutch Corporate Governance Code has entered into force on January 1, 2024 and was applicable retroactively as from financial year 2023. In this Annual Report, the Company addresses its overall corporate governance structure. The Company discloses, and intends to disclose, any material departure from the best practice provi- sions of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code in this and in its future annual reports. For further information about culture see “— Creating Value for Our Shareholders”. BOARD OF DIRECTORS Pursuant to the Company’s articles of asso- ciation (the “Articles of Association”), its board of directors (the “Board of Directors” or the “Board”) consists of three or more directors (the “Directors”). The current Board of Directors was appointed at the annual general meeting of shareholders held on April 17, 2024. Its term of office will expire on the day of the next Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, which is currently expected to be on April 16, 2025. Each Director may be reappointed at any subse- quent annual general meeting of shareholders. The Board of Directors as a whole is responsi- ble for the strategy of the Company. The Board of Directors is composed of two executive Directors (i.e., Mr. John Elkann, Executive Chairman, and Mr. Benedetto Vigna, Chief Executive Officer) and nine non-executive Directors. Pursuant to Article 17 of the Articles of Association, the general authority to represent the Company shall be vested in the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer has day-to-day responsibility for the management of the Company and the Group. The Board of Directors appointed the following internal committees: (i) an Audit Committee, (ii) an ESG Committee, and (iii) a Compensation Committee. On certain key operational matters, the executive Directors are supported by the Ferrari Leadership Team (hereinafter also the “FLT”, formerly Senior Management Team, and so renamed as a result of the organizational changes implemented in January 2022), which is responsible for reviewing the oper- ating performance of the businesses, collaborat- ing on certain operational matters, supporting the executive Directors with their tasks and executing decisions of the Board of Directors and the day-to- day management of the Company, primarily to the extent it relates to the operational management. Set forth below is the name, year of birth and position of each of the persons currently serving as Directors of Ferrari N.V. Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each person listed below will be c/o Ferrari, Via Abetone Inferiore n. 4, I-41053 Maranello (MO), Italy. Name Year of Birth Position John Elkann 1976 Executive Chairman and Executive Director Benedetto Vigna 1969 Chief Executive Officer Piero Ferrari (1) 1945 Vice Chairman and Non-Executive Director Sergio Duca (1) (2) 1947 Senior Non-Executive Director Delphine Arnault (1) 1975 Non-Executive Director Francesca Bellettini 1970 Non-Executive Director Eddy Cue (1) 1964 Non-Executive Director John Galantic 1961 Non-Executive Director Maria Patrizia Grieco (1) 1952 Non-Executive Director Adam Keswick (1) 1973 Non-Executive Director Mike Volpi 1966 Non-Executive Director (1) Reappointed in view of each Board member’s contributions to the Board of Directors in the past eight years and because each Non-Executive Director’s background, specific skills and experience continues to be valuable to the Company on the basis of each Board member’s biography (shown herein below) and the relevant skills that they could bring to the Company (set out in the table herein below). (2) The Board of Directors has resolved to appoint Sergio Duca as chairman of the Board, as referred to in the Dutch Civil Code, who will in such capacity have the title Chair (Voorzitter).

[PAGE 118]
118 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F Nine Directors currently qualify as independent (rep- resenting a majority) for purposes of NYSE rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) and eight Directors qualify as independent (representing a majority) for purposes of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code. In percentage terms, the share of independent mem- bers of the non-executive Board members accord- ing to the NYSE rules is 100% (nine out of nine) where- as according to the Dutch Corporate Governance Code the percentage is 88.89% (eight out of nine). Please see “—Diversity Policy” below for a chart representing the Board’s gender and age as of December 31, 2024. According to the applicable laws and the Regulation of the Board, no works council or similar employee participation bodies are required to be established at the Company. The Board of Directors has resolved to grant the following titles: • John Elkann: Chairman of the Company; • Benedetto Vigna: Chief Executive Officer; • Piero Ferrari: Vice-Chairman and Non-Executive Director; and • Sergio Duca: Chair of the Board (Voorzitter) and Senior Non-Executive Director. The following members are independent within the meaning of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code and NYSE rules: • Delphine Arnault: Non-Executive Director; • Francesca Bellettini: Non-Executive Director; • Eddy CueNon-Executive Director; • Sergio Duca: Senior Non-Executive Director; • John Galantic: Non-Executive Director; • Maria Patrizia Grieco: Non-Executive Director; • Adam Keswick: Non-Executive Director; and • Mike Volpi: Non-Executive Director. In addition, Piero Ferrari is considered independent within the meaning of the NYSE rules. Directors are expected to prepare themselves for and to attend all Board of Directors meetings, the annual general meeting of shareholders and the meetings of the committees on which they serve, with the understanding that, on occasion, a Director may be unable to attend a meeting. During 2024, there were four meetings of the Board of Directors. The attendance rate at these meetings was 95.46 percent. The non-executive Directors of the Company met to discuss the functioning of the Board and its com- mittees, the functioning of the executive Directors as a corporate body of the company, or the corpo- rate strategy and the main risks of the business, pur- suant to best practice provisions 2.2.6, 2.2.7, 2.2.8 and 1.1.2 of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code. Summary biographies for the current Directors of Ferrari are included below: JOHN ELKANN (CHAIRMAN OF THE COMPANY AND EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR) Mr. John Elkann is Chief Executive Officer of EXOR and Chairman of Stellantis N.V.. Elkann earned a scientific baccalauréat from Lycée Victor Duruy in Paris and an engineering degree from Politecnico di Torino. He began his career in 2001 at General Electric, gaining international experience in Asia, Europe, and North America. As Ferrari’s Chair (since 2018) he has been bolstering the company’s leadership in innovation, luxury and sport competitions while preserving its iconic legacy. Elkann joined Fiat Group in 2003 and contributed to its growth and the eventual creation of Stellantis in 2021, one of the world’s largest automo- tive groups. In 2009 Elkann established Exor, which is today the largest shareholder of companies such as CNH and Philips, in addition to Ferrari and Stellantis. In 2023, he founded Lingotto, a long-term investment management company. Elkann is a board member of Meta, and a trustee of MoMA. He chairs the Agnelli Foundation, a philanthropy focused on education. He is also a member of JP Morgan International Council and of Allianz International Advisory Board. Born in 1976, Italian citizenship. BENEDETTO VIGNA (CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR) Mr. Benedetto Vigna is Chief Executive Officer since September 2021. Before joining Ferrari, he was President of STMicroelectronics’, Analog, MEMS and Sensors Group, since January 2016 and also a mem- ber of ST’s Executive Committee from May 31, 2018. Vigna joined ST in 1995 and founded ST’s MEMS ac- tivities (Micro-Electro-Mechanical Systems). Under his guidance, ST’s MEMS sensors established ST’s leadership with large OEMs in motion-activated user interfaces. His responsibilities were expanded to in- clude connectivity, imaging and power solutions and he piloted a series of successful moves into new busi- ness areas, with a particular focus on the industrial and automotive market segments. During his career Vigna has filed more than 200 patents on microma- chining, authored numerous publications and has sat on the boards of several EU-funded programs includ- ing startups as well as worldwide recognized boards of Asian and American research centers. Benedetto Vigna graduated in Subnuclear Physics from the University of Pisa. Born in 1969, Italian citizenship PIERO FERRARI (VICE CHAIRMAN AND NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR) Mr. Piero Ferrari has been Vice Chairman of Ferrari S.p.A. since 1988. He also serves as Chairman of HPE-COXA, is board member and Vice President of

[PAGE 119]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 119 BOARD REPORT Ferretti Group. He was President of Piaggio Aero Industries S.p.A. from 1998 to 2014 and served as Chairman of the Italian Motor Sport Commission (CSAI) from 1998 to 2001 and BA SERVICE from 2000 to 2015. He was also a board member and Vice President of Banca Popolare dell’Emilia Romagna in Modena from 2002 to 2011 and from 2011 to 2014 respectively. The son of Ferrari’s founder Enzo Ferrari, Mr. Piero Ferrari covered a variety of man- agement positions in the motor sport division of Ferrari from 1970 to 1988 with increasing respon- sibilities. His first position with Ferrari dates back to 1965 working on the production of the Dino 206 Competizione racing car. Mr. Piero Ferrari received an honorary degree in Aerospace Engineering from the University of Naples Federico II in 2004 and an Honorary Degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Modena and Reggio Emilia in 2005. In 2004, Mr. Piero Ferrari was awarded the title of Cavaliere del Lavoro. Born in 1945, Italian citizenship. SERGIO DUCA (CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR) Mr. Sergio Duca is a member of the Statutory Auditors of Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane S.p.A. since 2022, He also serves as Chairman of the board of au- ditors of ISPI (Institute for the Study of International Politics), as well as a member of the board of audi- tors of the Intesa San Paolo Foundation Onlus. Mr. Duca has previously served as director of Tofaş Türk Otomobil Fabrikasi Anonim Şirketi from 2018 until April 2024, independent director of OISA Automation System S.p.A. from November 2020 until October 2024, member of the board of Nedcommunity asso- ciation from May 2019 until May 2022, member of the Statutory Auditors of BasicNet S.p.A. from 2017 un- til March 2022, Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Enel S.p.A. from April 2010 until May 2019, Chairman of the Board of Directors of Orizzonte SGR S.p.A. from 2008 until 2016, Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Exor S.p.A. until May 2015, Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors and effective auditor of GTech until April 2015, member of the Board of ASTM S.p.A. and Chairman of the Audit Committee of ASTM S.p.A. from 2010 until 2013, Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Tosetti Value SIM and an independent di- rector of Sella Gestione SGR until April 2010. From 1997 until July 2007, Mr. Duca was the Chairman of PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. In addition, he has previously served as Chairman of the board of au- ditors of the Fondazione per la Scuola of Compagnia di San Paolo until February 2022, Chairman of the board of auditors of the Silvio Tronchetti Provera Foundation, Chairman of the board of auditors of Compagnia di San Paolo until May 2016, member of the Edison Foundation’s advisory board and the University Bocconi in Milan’s development commit- tee, as well as Chairman of the Bocconi’s Alumni Association’s board of auditors and a member of the board of auditors of the ANDAF (Italian Association of Chief Financial Officers). As a certified chartered ac- countant and auditor, he acquired broad experience through the PricewaterhouseCoopers network as the external auditor of a number of significant Italian listed companies. Mr. Duca graduated with honors in Economics and Business from University Bocconi in Milan. Born in 1947, Italian citizenship. DELPHINE ARNAULT (NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR) Mrs. Delphine Arnault graduated from the EDHEC Business School and the London School of Economics. She began her career at McKinsey & Company, the global management consultancy firm, where she was a Consultant for two years. In 2001, she joined the Executive Committee of Christian Dior Couture where she directed several product lines. She was appoint- ed Deputy General Manager of Christian Dior Couture in 2008 and in September 2013 Deputy General Manager of Louis Vuitton Malletier. She has been a board director of LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE since 2003. Delphine was appointed to the board of Château Cheval Blanc, the Saint-Emilion premier grand cru classé in 2008. In 2002 she joined the board of Loewe, the celebrated Spanish leather goods com- pany, and was appointed to Pucci’s board of directors in 2007. She was appointed to the boards of Céline in December 2011 and Christian Dior SE in April 2012. Delphine Arnault previously served as a director of both Havas and 21st Century Fox from 2013 to 2019. In 2021, she has been appointed to the Board of Gagosian and Phoebe Philo Limited. Since February 2023, Mrs. Delphine Arnault is the President and CEO of Christian Dior Couture. Born in 1975, French citizenship. FRANCESCA BELLETTINI (NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR Since July 2023, Francesca Bellettini is Kering Deputy Chief Executive Officer and since September 2013 she is President and Chief Executive Officer of Yves Saint Laurent (part of the Kering Group), based in France. Ms. Bellettini is a member of the Kering Group Executive Committee since 2013. Ms. Bellettini joined the Kering Group in 2003, occupying different executive roles. From 2003 until 2008 she worked in Gucci, Italy, first as Assistant to the President and Managing Director and, from 2005, as Strategic Planning Director and Associate Worldwide Merchandising Director. In 2008, she joined Bottega Veneta, Italy, as Worldwide Merchandising Director and from 2010 she became Worldwide Merchandising-Communication Director based in Switzerland. From 1999 until 2002, Ms. Bellettini worked in the Prada Group, Italy, first in the Planning and New Business Development Division of Prada and, in 2002, as Operations Manager of Helmut Lang. Previously, she worked in Compass Partners International, UK from 1998 to 1999, in Deutsche Morgan Grenfell, UK from 1996 to 1998 and in Goldman Sachs International, UK from 1994 to 1996. While grad-

[PAGE 120]
120 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F uating, she had an internship in Citibank, Italy in 1994. Ms. Bellettini graduated in Business Administration with a focus on Finance from Bocconi University, Italy. Born in 1970, Italian citizenship. EDDY CUE (NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR) Mr. Eddy Cue is Apple’s senior vice president of Services, reporting to CEO Tim Cook. Mr. Cue over- sees the full range of Apple’s services, including Apple Music, Apple News, Apple Podcasts, the Apple TV app, and Apple TV+, as well as Apple Pay, Apple Card, Maps, Search Ads, Apple’s iCloud services, and Apple’s pro- ductivity and creativity apps. Mr. Cue’s team has an excellent track record of building and strengthening world-class services that meet and exceed the high expectations of Apple’s customers, and offer cre- ators and storytellers the opportunity to bring their creative visions to people around the world. Mr. Cue joined Apple in 1989 and leads a large organization of amazing people. Mr. Cue was instrumental in creat- ing the Apple online store in 1998, the iTunes Store in 2003, and the App Store in 2008. He also played a key role in developing Apple’s award-winning iLife suite of applications. In his early years at Apple, he was a successful manager of software engineering and customer support teams. Mr. Cue earned a bache- lor’s degree in Computer Science and Economics from Duke University. He serves on the Board of Trustees of both the Paley Center for Media and Duke University. Born in 1964, American citizenship. JOHN GALANTIC (NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR) John Galantic is the Chief Executive Officer of the Tod’s Group. He earned a BA from Tufts University and an MBA from Harvard Business School. After starting his career at Procter & Gamble in Italy, he held general management roles in Italy, the UK, and the USA at Glaxo SmithKline in Marketing and at Coty as President of Coty Americas, before joining Chanel in 2006. He was the Chief Operating Officer of Chanel Inc. until 2023 and joined the Board of Directors of Chanel Ltd. in 2018. He is also a member of the Board of Directors of Bacardi Ltd.. In 2023, he became an Operating Partner at Advent International and was appointed CEO of Tod’s S.p.A. in September 2024. Born in 1961, American and Swiss citizenship. MARIA PATRIZIA GRIECO (NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR) Maria Patrizia Grieco has been the Chairperson of the Board of Directors of Anima Holding since March 2023. She has been also Chairperson of Assonime (the association of the Italian joint stock companies) since June 2021. From May 2020 to March 2023, she was the Chairperson of from the board of directors of Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena and from May 2014 to May 2020 she was the Chairperson of the board of directors of Enel, the Italian company world leader in the utilities sector. After graduating in law from the University of Milan, she started her career in 1977 at Italtel, where in 1994 she became chief of the Legal and General Affairs directorate. In 1999, she was appointed General Manager with the task of reorga- nizing and repositioning the company, and in 2002 she became Chief Executive Officer. Subsequently, she held the positions of Chief Executive Officer of Siemens Informatica, Partner of Value Partners and Chief Executive Officer of the Group Value Team (today NTT Data). From 2008 to 2013 she was Chief Executive Officer of Olivetti, where she also held the role of Chairperson from 2011. She has been a mem- ber of the Board of Directors of Fiat Industrial, CIR and Endesa S.A. and currently serves on the Board of Ferrari and Amplifon. Mrs. Grieco is also a mem- ber of the Board of Directors of Bocconi University. Maria Patrizia Grieco was Chairperson of the Italian Corporate Governance Committee from 2017 to 2021. During her mandate, the new Corporate Governance Code for Italian listed companies was issued. In the framework of the G20 Italy, she was Chair of the “Integrity & Compliance” Task Force of the B20 Italy, which provided pragmatic solutions that embraced the renewed concepts of integrity and compliance, to create a better future through inclusion and positive impact. She was also a member of the G20 Business Advisory Board for the Italian Presidency, led by The European House - Ambrosetti. The board supported the Italian Prime Minister in providing contributions to the G20 agenda. Born in 1952, Italian citizenship. ADAM KESWICK (NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR) Mr. Adam Keswick joined the Jardine Matheson Board in 2007 and was Deputy Managing Director of Jardine Matheson from 2012 to 2016. He was appointed chairman of Matheson & Co. in August 2016. He has held a number of executive positions since joining the Jardine Matheson Group from NM Rothschild & Sons in 2001, including group strategy director and, thereafter, group managing director of Jardine Cycle & Carriage between 2003 and 2007. Mr Keswick is a director of Hongkong Land and Mandarin Oriental. He is also a director of Ferrari N.V. and of Yabuli China Entrepreneurs Forum. He was a director of DFI Retail Group until July 2024, director of Schindler until March 2024 and vice chairman of the supervi- sory board of Rothschild & Co until November 2023. Mr. Keswick attended Eton College and Edinburgh University where he received his Master of Arts de- gree in 1995. Born in 1973, British citizenship. MIKE VOLPI (NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR) Mr. Mike Volpi is a General Partner at Index Ventures. Mike joined Index in 2009 to establish the firm’s North American activities. Mike invests primarily in enter- prise software and artificial intelligence. He is cur-

[PAGE 121]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 121 BOARD REPORT rently serving on the boards of Aurora, Confluent, Clickhouse, Scale, Sonos, and Wealthfront, among others. Mike was previously a director of Ericsson and Fiat Chrysler Automotive. Prior to Index, Mike was Chief Strategy Officer and SVP/GM of Cisco’s rout- ing business, where he managed a P&L in excess of $10 billion in revenues. His team was responsible for the acquisition of over 70 companies, some of which were multi-billion deals. Mike has a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering and an M.S. in Manufacturing Systems Engineering from Stanford, and an M.B.A. from the Stanford Graduate School of Business. He currently serves on the Global Advisory Board of Stanford’s Knight Hennessy Scholars program. Born in 1966, American citizenship. As of December 31, 2024, the members of the Board of Directors had, among other skills, the skills shown in the table below: Skill Area Corporate Governance and Risk management Financial and accounting Corporate management Digital and cybersecurity Innovation ESG Automotive and motorsport industry knowledge Luxury goods industry knowledge John Elkann (Executive Chair- man and Executi- ve Director) Benedetto Vigna (Chief Executive Officer) Piero Ferrari (Vice Chairman and non-Executi- ve Director) Sergio Duca (Senior Non-Exe- cutive Director) Delphine Arnault (Non-Executive Director) Francesca Bellettini (Non-Executive Director) Eddy Cue (Non-Executive Director) John Galantic (Non-Executive Director) Maria Patrizia Grieco (Non-Executive Director) Adam Keswick (Non-Executive Director) Mike Volpi (Non-Executive Director) All Board Members have knowledge and expertise on business ethics, corporate governance and regulatory affairs. Moreover, more than half of Board Members have developed experiences in social engagements and environmental issues. With these skills they oversee sustainability matters and manage impacts, risks and opportunities.

[PAGE 122]
122 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F As of December 31, 2024, the Board of Directors and its committee were composed of eleven Directors as shown in the table below: Directors Nationality Executive Non Executive Independent Committees Directors first term (1) Directors current term from Roles in other companies (4) NYSE Rules Dutch Code Audit Compensation ESG John Elkann (Executive Chairman and Executive Di- rector) IT April 15, 2016 (2) April 17, 2024 3 Benedetto Vigna (Chief Executi- ve Officer) IT Septem- ber 16, 2021 (3) April 17, 2024 0 Piero Ferrari (Vice Chairman) IT January 2, 2016 April 17, 2024 0 Sergio Duca (Chair of the Bo- ard and Senior Non-Executive) IT January 2, 2016 April 17, 2024 0 Delphine Arnault FR April 15, 2016 April 17, 2024 2 Francesca Bellettini IT April 16, 2020 April 17, 2024 0 Eddy Cue US January 2, 2016 April 17, 2024 0 John Galantic US, CH April 16, 2020 April 17, 2024 0 Maria Patrizia Grieco IT April 15, 2016 April 17, 2024 2 Adam Keswick UK April 15, 2016 April 17, 2024 1 Mike Volpi US April 14, 2023 April 17, 2024 3 (1) References in this table to Directors refer to Ferrari N.V. The Board of Directors is appointed annually on each annual general meeting of shareholders (2) Mr. John Elkann is Executive Director from April 12, 2019. (3) Mr. Benedetto Vigna was confirmed as Chief Executive Officer by the Board of Directors as of April 14, 2023. (4) Directorships in listed companies other than in the Company. None of the members of the Board of Directors and FLT have held a similar position in the public administration (including regulators) in the past two years. BOARD REGULATIONS The current regulations of the Board of Directors deal with matters that concern the Board of Directors and its committees internally. The regulations contain provisions concern- ing the manner in which meetings of the Board of Directors are called and held, including the deci- sion-making process. The regulations provide that meetings may be held by telephone conference or video-conference, provided that all participating Directors can follow the proceedings and participate in real time discussion of the items on the agenda. The Board of Directors can only adopt valid resolu- tions when the majority of the Directors in office shall be present at the meeting or be represented thereat. A Director may only be represented by another Director authorized in writing. A Director may not act as a proxy for more than one other Director. All resolutions shall be adopted by the favorable vote of the majority of the Directors present or rep- resented at the meeting, provided that the regula- tions may contain specific provisions in this respect. Each Director shall have one vote. The Board of Directors shall be authorized to adopt resolutions without convening a meeting if all Directors shall have expressed their opinions in writing, unless one or more Directors shall object in writing against the resolution being adopted in this way prior to the adoption of the resolution.

[PAGE 123]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 123 BOARD REPORT MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION A copy of the Articles of Association of our pre- decessor company has been filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Ferrari N.V.’s Registration Statement on Form F-1 filed on July 23, 2015. Our Articles of Association are identical in all material respects to those of our predecessor company. A copy of our Articles of Association may be obtained from the Dutch Trade Register of the Chamber of Commerce. The following is a summary of material infor- mation relating to the Ferrari common shares, including summaries of certain provisions of the Ferrari’s articles of association (the “Ferrari Articles of Association”), the terms and conditions in respect of the Ferrari special voting shares (the “Terms and Conditions”) and the applicable Dutch law provisions in effect at the date of this annual report. The sum- maries of the Ferrari Articles of Association and the Terms and Conditions as set forth in this annual report are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Ferrari Articles of Association, and Terms and Conditions. THE FERRARI SHARES, ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION AND TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SPECIAL VOTING SHARES Ferrari was incorporated as a public limited lia- bility company (naamloze vennootschap) under the laws of the Netherlands on September 4, 2015 under the name FE New N.V., in contemplation of the Merger, and was renamed Ferrari N.V. effec- tive as of January 3, 2016, upon effectiveness of the Merger. Its official seat (statutaire zetel) is in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, and its corporate address and principal place of business is locat- ed at Via Abetone Inferiore n. 4, I-41053 Maranello (MO), Italy. Ferrari is registered with the Dutch Trade Register of the Chamber of Commerce un- der number 64060977. Its telephone number is +39-0536-949111. The Company’s object, set forth in Article 3.1 of the Articles of Association, is to car- ry on, either directly or through wholly or partial- ly-owned companies and entities, activities relating in whole or in any part to passenger and commer- cial vehicles, transport, mechanical engineering, energy, engines, capital machinery and equipment and related goods and propulsion, as well as any other manufacturing, commercial, financial or ser- vice activity. Since incorporation Ferrari has had, and it intends to continue to have, its place of effective management in Italy. It will therefore be a tax res- ident of Italy under both Italian tax law and Article 4 of the Convention between the Kingdom of the Netherlands and the Republic of Italy for the avoid- ance of a double taxation with respect to taxes on income and on capital of 1980. SHARE CAPITAL The authorized share capital of Ferrari is seven million five hundred thousand Euro (€7,500,000), divided into three hundred seventy five million (375,000,000) Ferrari common shares, nominal val- ue of one Euro cent (€0.01) per share and an equal number of special voting shares, nominal value of one Euro cent (€0.01) per share. Following the Capital Markets Day held in 2022, on July 1, of the same year, Ferrari announced a new multi-year share buyback program of approx- imately Euro 2 billion to be executed by 2026 and replacing the previous share buyback program. The first tranche of the new repurchase program, of up to Euro 150 million, was launched on July 1, 2022 and completed on November 30, 2022. The second tranche of the new repurchase program, of up to Euro 200 million, was launched on December 2, 2022 and completed on June 26, 2023. The third tranche of the new repurchase program, of up to Euro 200 million, was launched on July 3, 2023 and completed on October 19, 2023. The fourth tranche of the new repurchase program, of up to Euro 350 million, was launched on November 8, 2023 and was completed on June 26, 2024. The fifth tranche of the new repurchase program, of up to Euro 250 million, was launched on July 1, 2024 and was completed on November 26, 2024. The sixth tranche of the new repurchase program, of up to Euro 150 million, was launched on December 6, 2024 and is expected to be completed within February 20, 2025. As of December 31, 2024, Ferrari’s common shares held in treasury amounted to 14,879,168. As of the same date, the Company held in treasury 5.79 percent of its total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares. For additional information on the abovementioned share repurchase program, refer to “Other Information— Additional Information—Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers”. A delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to authorize the issuance of common shares with- out pre-emptive rights enabled Ferrari to offer and sell newly issued common shares to investors free of pre-emptive rights for a period of five years from January 2, 2016 up to and including January 1, 2021. Under Dutch law, such authorization may not exceed a period of five years, but may be renewed by a res- olution of the general meeting of shareholders for subsequent five-year periods at any time. Pursuant to the resolution of the Annual General Meeting held on April 16, 2020, the authorization was renewed for the period starting from January 2, 2021 up to and including October 15, 2021. Pursuant to the resolu- tion of the Annual General Meeting held on April 15, 2021, the authorization has been further renewed for the period starting from April 15, 2021 up to and including October 14, 2022. Pursuant to the resolu- tion of the Annual General Meeting held on April 13, 2022, the authorization has been further renewed for the period starting from April 13, 2022 up to and

[PAGE 124]
124 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F including October 12, 2023. Pursuant to the resolu- tion of the Annual General Meeting held on April 14, 2023, the authorization has been further renewed for the period starting from April 14, 2023 up to and including October 13, 2024. Pursuant to the resolu- tion of the Annual General Meeting held on April 17, 2024, the authorization has been further renewed for the period starting from April 17, 2024 up to and including October 16, 2025. Ferrari common shares are registered shares represented by an entry in the share register of Ferrari. The Board of Directors may determine that, for the purpose of trading and transfer of shares on a foreign stock exchange, such share certificates shall be issued in such form as shall comply with the requirements of such foreign stock exchange. A register of shareholders is maintained by Ferrari in the Netherlands and a branch register is main- tained in the United States on Ferrari’s behalf by the Transfer Agent, which serves as branch registrar and transfer agent. Beneficial interests in Ferrari common shares that are traded on the NYSE are held through the book-entry system provided by The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) and are registered in Ferrari’s reg- ister of shareholders in the name of Cede & Co., as DTC’s nominee. Beneficial interests in the Ferrari com- mon shares traded on the Euronext Milan are held through Monte Titoli S.p.A., the Italian central clearing and settlement system, as a participant in DTC. DIRECTORS Set forth below is a summary description of the material provisions of the Ferrari Articles of Association, relating to our Directors. The summary does not restate the Ferrari Articles of Association in their entirety. Ferrari’s Directors serve on the Board of Directors for a term of approximately one year, such term ending on the day that the first annual general meeting of the shareholders is held in the follow- ing calendar year. Ferrari’s shareholders appoint the Directors of the Board of Directors at a gen- eral meeting. Each Director may be reappointed at any subsequent general meeting of shareholders. The general meeting of shareholders determines whether a Director is an executive Director or a non-executive Director. The Board of Directors is a one tier board and consists of three or more members, comprising both members having responsibility for the day-to- day management of Ferrari (executive Directors) and members not having such day-to-day respon- sibility (non-executive Directors). The tasks of the executive and non-executive Directors in a one-tier board such as Ferrari’s Board of Directors may be allocated under or pursuant to the Ferrari Articles of Association, provided that the general meeting has stipulated whether each such Director is appointed as executive or as non-executive Director and fur- thermore provided that the task to supervise the performance by the Directors of their duties can only be performed by the non-executive Directors. In addition, an executive Director may not be appointed chairman of the board or delegated the task of establishing the remuneration of executive Directors or nominating Directors for appointment. Tasks that are not allocated fall within the power of the Board of Directors as a whole. Regardless of an allocation of tasks, all Directors remain collectively responsible for the proper management and strat- egy of Ferrari (including supervision thereof in case of non-executive Directors). The Board of Directors may determine that one or more Directors can law- fully adopt board resolutions concerning matters belonging to his or their duties. Ferrari has a policy in respect of the remunera- tion of the members of the Board of Directors. With due observation of the remuneration policy, the Board of Directors may determine the remunera- tion for the Directors in respect of the performance of their duties. The Board of Directors must sub- mit to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders for its approval plans to award shares or the right to subscribe for shares. The policy was amended as approved by the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held on April 16, 2020 to implement changes necessary pursuant to the implementa- tion of the EU Directive 2017/828 into Dutch law. The amended remuneration policy, as adopted by the 2020 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, builds upon the previous remuneration policy (as partially amended and as approved by the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held on April 14, 2017) and no material changes were made com- pared to the previous remuneration policy. In addi- tion the amended policy provided for the Board of Directors to issue stock ownership guidelines applicable to Directors and employees. Pursuant to the resolution of the Annual General Meeting held on April 17, 2024, the remuneration policy of the Board of Directors has been amended to comply with Dutch legislation, which requires remunera- tion policies to be submitted for approval every four years. This updated remuneration policy builds upon the previous one, with no material changes to the Director’s remuneration. Ferrari shall not grant the Directors any personal loans or guarantees.

[PAGE 125]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 125 BOARD REPORT SHARE OWNERSHIP The number of shares directly and indirectly owned by members of the Board of Directors on February 6, 2025 is set forth in the table below. Name Common Shares % of Common Shares Outstanding Special Voting Shares % of Special Voting Shares Outstanding Piero Ferrari 18,894,295 10.56 18,892,160 15.60 John Elkann 31,105 (*) — — Benedetto Vigna 11,260 (*) — — Delphine Arnault 2,803 (*) — — Eddy Cue 2,692 (*) — — John Galantic 100 (*) — — Adam Keswick 2,643 (*) — — (*) Common shares held represent less than 1 percent of our common shares outstanding as of February 6, 2025. No members of the Ferrari Leadership Team beneficially own 1 percent or more of the Company’s common shares or special voting shares. THE AUDIT COMMITTEE The Audit Committee is responsible, inter alia, for assisting and advising the Board of Directors, and acting under authority delegated by the Board of Directors, with respect to: (i) the integrity of the Company’s financial statements, (ii) the Company’s policy on tax planning, (iii) the Company’s financing, (iv) the Company’s application of information and communication technology, (v) the systems of in- ternal controls that management and the Board of Directors have established, (vi) the Company’s com- pliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (vii) the Company’s compliance with recommendations and observations of internal auditors and indepen- dent registered public accounting firm, (viii) the Company’s policies and procedures for addressing certain actual or perceived conflicts of interest, (ix) the review and approval of related party transac- tions, (x) the independent registered public account- ing firm’s qualifications, independence, remunera- tion and any non-audit services for the Company, (xi) the functioning of the Company’s internal auditors and of the independent registered public account- ing firm, (xii) risk management guidelines and poli- cies, and (xiii) the implementation and effectiveness of the Company’s ethics and compliance program. Additionally, the Audit Committee invites the Head of Enterprise Cybersecurity and the Chief Digital Transformation Officer (CDTO) to report on cyber- security at a committee meeting at least once a year. The Audit Committee currently consists of Mr. Duca (Chairperson), Ms. Bellettini and Mrs. Grieco, each of whom is independent within the meaning of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code. Our Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Sergio Duca is the “audit committee financial expert”. The gender diversity within the Audit Committee is 66.7%. The Audit Committee is elected by the Board of Directors and is comprised of at least three non-ex- ecutive Directors. Audit Committee members are also required (i) not to have any material relationship with the Company or to serve as auditors or accoun- tants for the Company, (ii) to be “independent”, for purposes of NYSE rules, Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act and the Dutch Corporate Governance Code, and (iii) to be “financially literate” and have “accounting or selected financial management expertise” (as determined by the Board of Directors). At least one member of the Audit Committee shall be a “finan- cial expert” as defined by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and Section 2(3) of the Dutch Decree on the Establishment of an audit committee. No Audit Committee member may serve on more than four audit committees for other public companies, ab- sent a waiver from the Board of Directors, which must be disclosed in the Company’s annual report. Unless decided otherwise by the Audit Committee, the independent registered public accounting firm of the Company, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Internal Audit, Risk and Compliance Officer, and the Head of Internal Audit are required to attend its meetings, while the Chief Executive Officer is free, but not required, to attend the meetings of the Audit Committee, unless the Audit Committee determines otherwise, and shall attend the meetings of the Audit Committee if the Audit Committee so requires. The Audit Committee shall meet with the independent auditor at least once per year outside the pres- ence of the executive Directors and management. Furthermore, an independent third party shall make an assessment of the performance of the Audit Committee at least every five years. In 2024, the Audit Committee met 6 times and the average attendance rate was 94.45 percent. At

[PAGE 126]
126 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F these meetings several matters were discussed, including the audit committee role and responsibili- ties, the Company’s financial control and risk frame- work, risk assessment, internal control over finan- cial reporting pursuant to the applicable rules, and a financial overview of operating results. In particular, the Audit Committee reviewed the Ferrari’s periodic and yearly financial results and, with the assistance of the Chief Financial Officer and other Company officers, focused on key accounting and reporting matters as well as the main business drivers. THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE The Compensation Committee is responsible for, among other things, assisting and advising the Board of Directors, and acting under authority delegated by the Board of Directors, with respect to: (i) deter- mining executive compensation consistent with the Company’s remuneration policy, (ii) reviewing and approving the remuneration structure for the ex- ecutive Directors, (iii) administering equity incentive plans and deferred compensation benefit plans, (iv) discussing with management the Company’s poli- cies and practices related to compensation and is- suing recommendations thereon, and (v) preparing the compensation report. The Compensation Committee currently consists of Mr. Galantic (Chairperson), Mr. Cue and Mr. Ferrari. The Compensation Committee is elected by the Board of Directors and is comprised of at least three non-ex- ecutive Directors, at most one of whom may not be independent under Dutch Corporate Governance Code. At the date of this Annual Report, every mem- ber of the Compensation Committee is a non-exec- utive Director and the majority of them are indepen- dent. The gender diversity within the Compensation Committee is 0.0%. Unless decided otherwise by the Compensation Committee, the Head of Human Resources of the Company attends its meetings. In 2024, the Compensation Committee met once with 100 percent attendance of its members at such meeting. The Compensation Committee reviewed the compensation report. Further information on the activities of the Compensation Committee are included in the compensation report. THE ESG COMMITTEE As stated in the Charter of the ESG Committee, the ESG Committee is responsible for, among other things, assisting and advising the Board of Directors, and acting under authority delegated by the Board of Directors, with respect to: (i) drawing up the selection criteria and appointment procedures for members of the Board of Directors; (ii) periodic assessment of the size and composition of the Board of Directors and as appropriate making proposals for a compo- sition profile of the Board of Directors; (iii) periodic assessment of the performance of individual direc- tors and reporting this to the Board of Directors; (iv) proposals to the non-executive members of the Board of Directors for the nomination and re-nom- ination of directors to be elected by the sharehold- ers; (v) supervision of the policy on the selection and appointment criteria for senior management and on succession planning; and (vi) monitoring, evalua- tion and reporting on the strategy, targets, achieve- ments, disclosures and reports relating to ESG mat- ters globally of the Company and its subsidiaries. The ESG Committee consists of Mr. Elkann (Chairperson), Mrs. Arnault and Mr. Cue. The ESG Committee is elected by the Board of Directors and is comprised of at least three Directors. At least more than half of the members shall be independent under the Dutch Corporate Governance Code, and at most one of the members may be an executive Director. At the date of this Annual Report, Mr. Elkann is the only executive member of the ESG Committee and the majority of ESG Committee members are independent. The gender diversity within the ESG Committee is 33.3%. In 2024, the ESG Committee met once with 100 percent attendance of its members at such meeting. The Committee reviewed the Board of Directors’ and Committee’s assessments, the Sustainability achievement and objectives, and the recommenda- tions for Directors’ election. As described above, the charters of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and ESG Committee set forth independence requirements for their members for purposes of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code. Audit Committee members are also required to qualify as independent for purposes of NYSE rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act. INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS Under Dutch law, indemnification provisions may be included in a company’s articles of association. Under the Articles of Association, the Company is required to indemnify any and all of its Directors, officers, for- mer Directors, former officers and any person who may have served at its request as a director or of- ficer of another company in which it owns shares or of which it is a creditor, who were or are made a party or are threatened to be made a party to or are involved in, any threatened, pending or complet- ed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, arbitrative or investigative (each a “Proceeding”), or any appeal in such a Proceeding or any inquiry or investigation that could lead to such a Proceeding, against any and all liabilities, damages, reasonable and documented expenses (including reasonably incurred and substantiated attorneys’ fees), financial effects of judgments, fines, penalties (including excise and similar taxes and punitive dam- ages) and amounts paid in settlement in connection with such Proceeding by any of them. Such indem- nification shall not be deemed exclusive of any oth- er rights to which those indemnified may be entitled otherwise. Notwithstanding the above, no indemni- fication shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which any of the abovementioned in-

[PAGE 127]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 127 BOARD REPORT demnified persons shall be adjudged to be liable for gross negligence or willful misconduct in the perfor- mance of such person’s duty to Ferrari. Ferrari has purchased directors’ and officers’ liability insurance for the members of the Board of Directors and cer- tain other officers, substantially in line with that pur- chased by similarly situated companies. CONFLICT OF INTEREST A Director shall not participate in discussions and decision making of the Board of Directors with re- spect to a matter in relation to which he or she has a direct or indirect personal interest that is in conflict with the interests of the Company and the business associated with the Company (“Conflict of Interest”), which shall be determined outside the presence of the Director concerned. All transactions, where there is a Conflict of Interest, must be concluded on terms that are customary in the branch concerned and approved by the Board of Directors. In addition, the Board of Directors as a whole may, on an ad hoc basis, resolve that there is such a strong appear- ance of a Conflict of Interest of an individual Director in relation to a specific matter, that it is deemed in the best interest of a proper decision making pro- cess that such individual Director be excused from participation in the decision making process with respect to such matter even though such Director may not have an actual Conflict of Interest. In 2024 there were no transactions in which there were con- flicts of interest with management board members or supervisory board members, other than ordinary course compensation arrangements. At least annually, each Director shall assess in good faith whether (i) he or she is independent under (A) best practice provision 2.1.8 of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code, (B) the requirements of Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act, and (C) Section 303A of the NYSE Listed Company Manual; and (ii) he or she would have a Conflict of Interest in connec- tion with any transactions between the Company and a significant shareholder or related party of the Company, including affiliates of a significant share- holder (such conflict, a “Related-Party Conflict”), it being understood that currently Exor N.V. (“Exor”) would be considered a significant shareholder. The Directors shall inform the Board of Directors through the Senior Non-executive Director or the Secretary of the Board of Directors as to all material information regarding any circumstances or relation- ships that may impact their characterization as “inde- pendent”, or impact the assessment of their inter- ests, including by responding promptly to the annual D&O questionnaires circulated by or on behalf of the Secretary that are designed to elicit relevant informa- tion regarding business and other relationships. Based on each Director’s assessment described above, the Board of Directors shall make a determi- nation at least annually regarding such Director’s independence and such Director’s Related-Party Conflict. These annual determinations shall be con- clusive, absent a change in circumstances from those disclosed to the Board of Directors, that necessitates a change in such determination. Mr. Elkann is Chief Executive Officer of Exor, our and Stellantis’s largest shareholder, and an executive director of Stellantis. Stellantis, Exor and a number of companies in the Stellantis and Exor groups are related parties to Ferrari. See “Risk Factors—We may have potential conflicts of inter- est with Stellantis and Exor and its related compa- nies” and Note 28 “Related Party Transactions” to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Finally, Mr. Ferrari is non-executive Chairman in COXA S.p.A, from which Ferrari purchases components for Formula 1 racing cars, and HPE S.r.l., which pro- vides consultancy engineering services to Ferrari, see Note 28 “Related Party Transactions” to our Consolidated Financial Statements. LOYALTY VOTING PROGRAM In connection with the separation from FCA (the “Separation”), Ferrari issued special voting shares with a nominal value of one Euro cent (€0.01) per share, to FCA, Piero Ferrari and FCA sharehold- ers holding FCA special voting shares prior to the Separation including Exor, in addition to Ferrari common shares. As of February 6, 2025, Exor held approximately 36.69 percent of the voting power in the Company, Trust Piero Ferrari, a Jersey trust established by Piero Ferrari, held approximately 15.60 percent of the voting power in Ferrari and public sharehold- ers held approximately 47.71 percent of the voting power in the Company. The percentages of voting power above are calculated based on the number of outstanding shares net of treasury shares. For more information on the Separation, see “Overview— History of the Company”. Subject to meeting certain conditions, our com- mon shares can be registered in our loyalty register (the “Loyalty Register”) and all such common shares may qualify as qualifying common shares (“Qualifying Common Shares”). The holder of Qualifying Common Shares is entitled to receive without consideration one special voting share in respect of each such Qualifying Common Share. Pursuant to the Terms and Conditions, and for so long as the Ferrari com- mon shares remain in the Loyalty Register, such Ferrari common shares shall not be sold, disposed of, transferred, except in very limited circumstances (i.e., transfers to affiliates or to relatives through succession, donation or other transfers (defined in the Terms and Conditions as “Loyalty Transferee”), but a shareholder may create or permit to exist any pledge, lien, fixed or floating charge or other encum- brance over such Ferrari common shares, provided that the voting rights in respect of such Ferrari common shares and any corresponding special voting shares remain with such shareholder at all times. Ferrari’s shareholders who want to directly or indirectly sell, dispose of, trade or transfer such

[PAGE 128]
128 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F Ferrari common shares or otherwise grant any right or interest therein, or create or permit to exist any pledge, lien, fixed or floating charge or other encum- brance over such Ferrari common shares with a potential transfer of voting rights relating to such encumbrances will need to submit a de-registration request as referred to in the Terms and Conditions, in order to transfer the relevant Ferrari common shares to the regular trading system (the “Regular Trading System”) except that a Ferrari shareholder may transfer Ferrari common shares included in the Loyalty Register to a Loyalty Transferee (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) of such Ferrari share- holder without transferring such shares from the Loyalty Register to the Regular Trading System. Ferrari’s shareholders who seek to qualify to receive special voting shares can also request to have their Ferrari common shares registered in the Loyalty Register. Upon registration in the Loyalty Register such shares will be eligible to be treated as Qualifying Common Shares, provided they meet the conditions more fully described under “—Terms and Conditions of the Special Voting Shares” below. Notwithstanding the fact that Article 13 of the Ferrari Articles of Association permits the Board of Directors of Ferrari to approve transfers of special voting shares, the special voting shares cannot be traded and are transferable only in very limited cir- cumstances (i.e., to a Loyalty Transferee described above, or to Ferrari for no consideration (om niet)). Pursuant to Article 23 of the Ferrari Articles of Association, Ferrari shall maintain a special capital reserve to be credited against the share premium exclusively for the purpose of facilitating any issu- ance or cancellation of special voting shares. The special voting shares shall be issued and paid up against this special capital reserve. The special voting shares have immaterial eco- nomic entitlements. Such economic entitlements are designed to comply with Dutch law but are immate- rial for investors. The special voting shares carry the same voting rights as Ferrari common shares. Section 10 of the Terms and Conditions include liquidated damages provisions intended to deter any attempt by holders to circumvent the terms of the special voting shares. Such liquidated damages provisions may be enforced by Ferrari by means of a legal action brought by Ferrari before competent courts of Amsterdam, the Netherlands. In partic- ular, a violation of the provisions of the Terms and Conditions concerning the transfer of special voting shares, Electing Common Shares (common shares registered in the Loyalty Register for the purpose of becoming Qualifying Common Shares in accor- dance with the Ferrari Articles of Association) and Qualifying Common Shares may lead to the impo- sition of liquidated damages. Because we expect the restrictions on transfers of the special voting shares to be effective in practice we do not expect the liquidated damages provisions to be used. Pursuant to Section 12 of the Terms and Condi- tions, any amendment to the Terms and Conditions (other than merely technical, non-material amend- ments and unless such amendment is required to ensure compliance with applicable law or regula- tions or the listing rules of any securities exchange on which the Ferrari common shares are listed) may only be made with the approval of the general meet- ing of shareholders of Ferrari. At any time, a holder of Qualifying Common Shares or Electing Common Shares may request the de-registration of such shares from the Loyalty Register to enable free trading thereof in the Regular Trading System. Upon the de-registration from the Loyalty Register, such shares will cease to be Electing Common Shares or Qualifying Common Shares as the case may be and will be freely tradable and voting rights attached to the corresponding special voting shares will be suspended with imme- diate effect and such special voting shares shall be transferred to Ferrari for no consideration (om niet). TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SPECIAL VOTING SHARES The Terms and Conditios apply to the issuance, alloca- tion, acquisition, holding, repurchase and transfer of special voting shares in our share capital and to cer- tain aspects of Electing Common Shares, Qualifying Common Shares and Ferrari common shares, which are or will be registered in the Loyalty Register. Application for Special Voting Shares A Ferrari shareholder may at any time elect to partic- ipate in the loyalty voting program by requesting that Ferrari register all or some of the number of Ferrari common shares held by such Ferrari shareholder in the Loyalty Register. Such election shall be effective and registration in the Loyalty Register shall occur as of the end of the calendar month during which the election is made. If such Ferrari common shares (i.e. Electing Common Shares) have been registered in the Loyalty Register (and are thus blocked from trading in the Regular Trading System) for an unin- terrupted period of three years in the name of the same shareholder, the holder of such Ferrari com- mon shares will be entitled to receive one Ferrari special voting share for each such Ferrari common share that has been registered. If at any moment in time such Ferrari common shares are de-regis- tered from the Loyalty Register for whatever rea- son, the relevant shareholder loses its entitlement to hold a corresponding number of Ferrari special voting shares. Withdrawal of Special Voting Shares As described above, a holder of Qualifying Common Shares or Electing Common Shares may request that some or all of its Qualifying Common Shares or Electing Common Shares be de-registered from the Loyalty Register and if held outside the Regular Trading System, transfer such shares back to the

[PAGE 129]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 129 BOARD REPORT Regular Trading System, which will allow such share- holder to freely trade its Ferrari common shares, as described below. From the moment of such re- quest, the holder of Qualifying Common Shares shall be considered to have waived his rights to cast any votes associated with the Ferrari special vot- ing shares which were issued and allocated in re- spect of such Qualifying Common Shares. Any such request would automatically trigger a mandatory transfer requirement pursuant to which the Ferrari special voting shares will be offered and transferred to Ferrari for no consideration in accordance with the Ferrari Articles of Association and the Terms and Conditions. Ferrari may continue to hold the special voting shares as treasury stock, but will not be en- titled to vote any such treasury stock. Alternatively, Ferrari may withdraw and cancel the special vot- ing shares, as a result of which the nominal value of such shares will be allocated to the special capital reserves of Ferrari. Consequently, the loyalty voting feature will terminate as to the relevant Qualifying Common Shares being deregistered from the Loyalty Register. No shareholder required to trans- fer special voting shares pursuant to the Terms and Conditions shall be entitled to any consideration for such special voting shares and each shareholder ex- pressly waives any rights in that respect as a condi- tion to participation in the loyalty voting program. Change of Control A shareholder who is a holder of Qualifying Common Shares or Electing Common Shares must promptly notify the Agent and Ferrari upon the occurrence of a “change of control” as defined in the Ferrari Articles of Association, as described below. The change of control will trigger the de-registration of the relevant Electing Common Shares or Qualifying Common Shares or the relevant Ferrari common shares in the Loyalty Register. The voting rights at- tached to the special voting shares issued and allo- cated in respect of the relevant Qualified Common Shares will be suspended upon a direct or indirect change of control in respect of the relevant holder of such Qualifying Common Shares that are regis- tered in the Loyalty Register. For the purposes of this section a “change of control” shall mean, in respect of any Ferrari share- holder that is not an individual (natuurlijk persoon), any direct or indirect transfer in one or a series of related transactions as a result of which (i) a major- ity of the voting rights of such shareholder, (ii) the de facto ability to direct the casting of a majority of the votes exercisable at general meetings of share- holders of such shareholder and/or (iii) the ability to appoint or remove a majority of the Directors, exec- utive Directors or board members or executive offi- cers of such shareholder or to direct the casting of a majority or more of the voting rights at meetings of the board of Directors, governing body or execu- tive committee of such shareholder has been trans- ferred to a new owner, provided that no change of control shall be deemed to have occurred if (a) the transfer of ownership and/or control is an intra- group transfer under the same parent company, (b) the transfer of ownership and /or control is the result of the succession or the liquidation of assets between spouses or the inheritance, inter vivos dona- tion or other transfer to a spouse or a relative up to and including the fourth degree or (c) the fair market value of the Qualifying Common Shares held by such shareholder represents less than twenty percent (20 percent) of the total assets of the Transferred Group at the time of the transfer and the Qualifying Common Shares held by such shareholder, in the sole judgment of the Company, are not otherwise material to the Transferred Group or the change of control transaction. “Transferred Group” shall mean the relevant shareholder together with its affiliates, if any, over which control was transferred as part of the same change of control transaction within the meaning of the definition of change of control. LIABILITY TO FURTHER CAPITAL CALLS All of the outstanding Ferrari common shares and spe- cial voting shares are fully paid and non-assessable. ADDITIONAL ISSUANCES AND RIGHTS OF PREFERENCE ISSUANCE OF SHARES The general meeting of shareholders of Ferrari (the “General Meeting”) has the authority to resolve on any issuance of shares, unless such authority has been delegated to the Board of Directors of Ferrari. In such a resolution, the General Meeting must de- termine the price and other terms of issuance. The Board of Directors of Ferrari may have the power to issue shares if it has been authorized to do so by the General Meeting, or pursuant to the Ferrari Articles of Association. Under Dutch law, such authorization may not exceed a period of five years, but may be re- newed by a resolution of the General Meeting for sub- sequent five-year periods at any time. The Board of Directors has been designated by the Ferrari Articles of Association as the competent body to issue Ferrari common shares and special voting shares up to the maximum aggregate amount of the Ferrari autho- rized share capital for an initial period of five years from January 2, 2016, which may be extended by the General Meeting with additional consecutive periods of up to a maximum of five years each. The authori- zation was renewed on an annual basis by the Annual General Meetings in 2020 and subsequent years. Pursuant to the resolution of the Annual General Meeting held on April 17, 2024, the authorization has been further renewed for the period starting from April 17, 2024 up to and including October 16, 2025. Ferrari will not be required to obtain approval from a General Meeting to issue shares pursuant to the exercise of a right to subscribe for shares that was previously granted pursuant to authority

[PAGE 130]
130 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F granted by the shareholders or pursuant to del- egated authority by the Board of Directors. The General Meeting shall, for as long as any such des- ignation of the Board of Directors of Ferrari for this purpose is in force, no longer has authority to decide on the issuance of shares. RIGHTS OF PRE-EMPTION Under Dutch law and the Ferrari Articles of Association, each Ferrari shareholder has a right of pre-emption in proportion to the aggregate nominal value of its shareholding upon the issuance of new Ferrari common shares (or the granting of rights to subscribe for Ferrari common shares). Exceptions to this right of pre-emption include the issuance of new Ferrari common shares (or the granting of rights to subscribe for common shares): (i) to employees of Ferrari or another member of its group pursuant to a stock compensation plan of Ferrari, (ii) against payment in kind (contribution other than in cash) and (iii) to persons exercising a previously granted right to subscribe for Ferrari common shares. In the event of an issuance of special voting shares, shareholders shall not have any right of pre-emption. The General Meeting may resolve to limit or exclude the rights of pre-emption upon an issu- ance of Ferrari common shares, which resolution requires approval of at least two-thirds of the votes cast, if less than half of the issued share capital is represented at the General Meeting. The Ferrari Articles of Association or the General Meeting may also designate the Board of Directors to resolve to limit or exclude the rights of pre-emption in relation to the issuance of Ferrari common shares. Pursuant to Dutch law, the designation by the General Meeting may be granted to the Board of Directors for a spec- ified period of time of not more than five years and only if the Board of Directors has also been desig- nated or is simultaneously designated the authority to resolve to issue Ferrari common shares. The Board of Directors is designated in the Ferrari Articles of Association as the competent body to exclude or limit rights of pre-emption for an initial period of five years from January 2, 2016, which may be extended by the General Meeting with additional periods up to a maxi- mum of five years per period. Pursuant to the resolu- tions of the Annual General Meeting held on April 16, 2020, the Board of Directors was authorized to issue Ferrari common shares and to limit or exclude the rights of pre-emption in relation to the issuance of Ferrari common shares for the period starting from January 2, 2021 up to and including October 15, 2021. The authorization was renewed on an annual basis by the Annual General Meetings in 2020 and subse- quent years. Pursuant to the resolution of the Annual General Meeting held on April 17, 2024, the Board of Directors has been authorized to issue Ferrari common shares and to limit or exclude the rights of pre-emption in relation to the issuance of Ferrari common shares for the period starting from April 17, 2024 up to and including October 16, 2025. REPURCHASE OF SHARES Upon agreement with the relevant Ferrari share- holder, Ferrari may acquire its own shares at any time for no consideration (om niet), or subject to cer- tain provisions of Dutch law and the Ferrari Articles of Association for consideration, if: (i) Ferrari’s shareholders’ equity less the payment required to make the acquisition does not fall below the sum of called-up and paid-in share capital and any statu- tory reserves, (ii) Ferrari would thereafter not hold a pledge over Ferrari common shares or together with subsidiaries hold Ferrari common shares with an aggregate nominal value exceeding 50 percent of the Ferrari’s issued share capital and (iii) the Board of Directors has been authorized to do so by the General Meeting. The acquisition of fully paid-up shares by Ferrari other than for no consideration (om niet) requires authorization by the General Meeting. Such authori- zation may be granted for a period not exceeding 18 months and shall specify the number of shares, the manner in which the shares may be acquired and the price range within which shares may be acquired. The authorization is not required for the acquisition of shares from employees of Ferrari or another member of its Group, under a scheme applicable to such employees and no authorization is required for repurchase of shares acquired in certain other limited circumstances in which the acquisition takes place by operation of law, such as pursuant to merg- ers or demergers. Such shares must be officially listed on a price list of an exchange. At a General Meeting the shareholders may resolve to designate the Board of Directors of Ferrari as the competent body to resolve on Ferrari acquiring any Ferrari’s fully paid up Ferrari common shares other than for no consideration (om niet) for a period of up to 18 months.ì Ferrari may, jointly with its subsidiaries, hold Ferrari shares in its own capital exceeding one- tenth of its issued capital for no more than three years after acquisition of such Ferrari shares for no consideration (om niet) or in certain other limited circumstances in which the acquisition takes place by operation of law, such as pursuant to mergers or demergers. Any Ferrari shares held by Ferrari in excess of the amount permitted shall transfer to all members of the Board of Directors jointly at the end of the last day of such three year period. Each mem- ber of the Board of Directors shall be jointly and severally liable to compensate Ferrari for the value of the Ferrari shares at such time, with interest at the statutory rate thereon from such time. The term Ferrari shares in this paragraph shall include depos- itary receipts for shares and shares in respect of which Ferrari holds a right of pledge. No votes may be cast at a General Meeting on the Ferrari shares held by Ferrari or its subsidiar- ies. Also no voting rights may be cast at a General Meeting in respect of Ferrari shares for which depositary receipts have been issued that are

[PAGE 131]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 131 BOARD REPORT owned by Ferrari. Nonetheless, the holders of a right of usufruct or pledge in respect of shares held by Ferrari and its subsidiaries in Ferrari’s share capital are not excluded from the right to vote on such shares, if the right of usufruct or pledge was granted prior to the time such shares were acquired by Ferrari or its subsidiaries. Neither Ferrari nor any of its subsidiaries may cast votes in respect of a share on which it or its subsidiaries holds a right of usufruct or pledge. REDUCTION OF SHARE CAPITAL Shareholders at a General Meeting have the power to cancel shares acquired by Ferrari or to reduce the nominal value of the shares. A resolution to re- duce the share capital requires a majority of at least two-thirds of the votes cast at the General Meeting, if less than one-half of the issued capital is present or represented at the meeting. If more than one-half of the issued share capital is present or represent- ed at the meeting, a simple majority of the votes cast at the General Meeting is required. Any proposal for cancellation or reduction of nominal value is subject to general requirements of Dutch law with respect to reduction of share capital. TRANSFER OF SHARES In accordance with the provisions of Dutch law, pursuant to Article 12 of the Ferrari Articles of Association, the transfer or creation of Ferrari shares or a right in rem thereon requires a deed in- tended for that purpose and save when Ferrari is a party to the transaction, written acknowledgment by Ferrari of the transfer. The transfer of Ferrari common shares that have not been entered into a book-entry system will be effected in accordance with Article 12 of the Ferrari Articles of Association. Common shares that have been entered into the DTC book-entry system will be registered in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee for DTC and trans- fers of beneficial ownership of shares held through DTC will be effected by electronic transfer made by DTC participants. Article 12 of the Ferrari Articles of Association does not apply to the trading of such Ferrari common shares on a regulated market or the equivalent thereof. Transfers of shares held outside of DTC (includ- ing Monte Titoli S.p.A., as a participant in DTC) or another direct registration system maintained by Computershare, Ferrari’s transfer agent in New York (“Transfer Agent”) and not represented by cer- tificates are effected by a stock transfer instrument and require the written acknowledgment by Ferrari. Transfer of registered certificates is effected by presenting and surrendering the certificates to the Transfer Agent. A valid transfer requires the regis- tered certificates to be properly endorsed for trans- fer as provided for in the certificates and accompa- nied by proper instruments of transfer and stock transfer tax stamps for, or funds to pay, any applica- ble stock transfer taxes. Ferrari common shares are freely transferable. As described below, special voting shares are gen- erally not transferable. At any time, a holder of Ferrari common shares that are registered in the Loyalty Register (i.e. Electing Common Shares or Qualifying Common Shares) wishing to transfer such Ferrari common shares other than in limited specified circumstances (i.e., transfers to affiliates or to relatives through succes- sion, donation or other transfers) must first request a de-registration of such shares from the Loyalty Register and if held outside the Regular Trading System, transfer such common shares back into the Regular Trading System. After de-registration from the Loyalty Register, such Ferrari common shares no longer qualify as Electing Common Shares or Qualifying Common Shares, as a result, the holder of such Ferrari common shares is required to offer and transfer the special voting shares associated with such Ferrari common shares that were previously Qualifying Common Shares to Ferrari for no consid- eration (om niet) as described in detail in “—Loyalty Voting Program—Terms and Conditions of the Special Voting Shares—Withdrawal of Special Voting Shares”. ANNUAL ACCOUNTS AND INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM Ferrari’s financial year is the calendar year. Within four months after the end of each financial year, the Board of Directors will prepare the annual accounts, which must be accompanied by an annual report and an auditors’ report and will publish the accounts and annual report and will make those available for inspection at Ferrari’s corporate address. All mem- bers of the Board of Directors are required to sign the annual accounts and in case the signature of any member is missing, the reason for this must be stated. The annual accounts are to be adopted by the General Meeting at the annual general meeting of shareholders, at which meeting the members of the Board of Directors will be discharged from lia- bility for performance of their duties with respect to any matter disclosed in the annual accounts for the relevant financial year insofar this appears from the annual accounts. The annual accounts, the an- nual report and independent registered public ac- counting firm’s reports are made available through Ferrari’s website to the shareholders for review as from the day of the notice convening the annual gen- eral meeting of shareholders. PAYMENT OF DIVIDENDS Ferrari may make distributions to the shareholders and other persons entitled to the distributable prof- its only to the extent that its shareholders’ equity ex- ceeds the sum of the paid-up and called up portion of the share capital and the reserves that must be maintained in accordance with Dutch law. No distri-

[PAGE 132]
132 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F bution of profits may be made to Ferrari itself for shares that Ferrari holds in its own share capital. Ferrari may only make a distribution of dividends to the shareholders after the adoption of its statutory annual accounts demonstrating that such distribu- tion is legally permitted. The Board of Directors may determine that other freely distributable distribu- tions shall be made, in whole or in part, from Ferrari’s share premium reserve or from any other reserve, provided that payments from reserves may only be made to the shareholders that are entitled to the relevant reserve upon the dissolution of Ferrari and provided further that the policy of Ferrari on addi- tions to reserves and dividends is duly observed. Holders of special voting shares will not receive any dividend in respect of the special voting shares. However Ferrari maintains a separate dividend reserve for the special voting shares for the sole purpose of the allocation of the mandatory minimal profits that accrue to the special voting shares. This allocation establishes a reserve for the amount that would otherwise be paid. The special voting shares do not carry any entitlement to any other reserve. Any distribution out of the special dividend reserve or the partial or full release of such reserve requires a prior proposal from the Board of Directors and a subsequent resolution of the meeting of holders of special voting shares. Insofar as the profits have not been distributed or allocated to the reserves, they may, by resolution of the General Meeting, be distributed as dividends on the Ferrari common shares only. The General Meeting may resolve, on the proposal of the Board of Directors, to declare and distribute dividends in U.S. Dollars. The Board of Directors may decide, subject to the approval of the General Meeting and the Board of Directors having been designated as the body competent to pass a resolution for the issuance of shares, that a distribution shall, wholly or partially, be made in the form of shares, or that shareholders shall be given the option to receive a distribution either in cash or in the form of shares. The right to dividends and distributions will lapse if the dividends or distributions are not claimed within five years following the day after the date on which they first became payable. Any dividends or other distributions made in violation of the Ferrari Articles of Association or Dutch law will have to be repaid by the shareholders who knew or should have known, of such violation. GENERAL MEETINGS AND VOTING RIGHTS ANNUAL MEETING An annual General Meeting must be held within six months from the end of Ferrari’s preceding financial year. The purpose of the annual General Meeting is to discuss, among other things, the annual report, the adoption of the annual accounts, allocation of prof- its (including the proposal to distribute dividends), release of members of the Board of Directors from liability for their management and supervision, and other proposals brought up for discussion by the Board of Directors. GENERAL MEETING AND PLACE OF MEETINGS Other General Meetings will be held if requested by the Board of Directors, the chairman of the Board of Directors, the chairperson or the chief executive officer, or by the written request (stating the exact subjects to be discussed) of one or more sharehold- ers representing in aggregate at least 10 percent of the issued share capital of the company (taking into account the relevant provisions of Dutch law, and the Ferrari Articles of Association and the applica- ble stock exchange regulations). General Meetings will be held in Amsterdam or Haarlemmermeer (Schiphol Airport), the Netherlands. CONVOCATION NOTICE AND AGENDA General Meetings can be convened by a notice, specifying the subjects to be discussed, the place and the time of the meeting and admission and participation procedure, issued at least 15 days before the meeting or 42 days if shares of Ferrari or depositary receipts issued with cooperation of Ferrari have been admitted to trading on the Euronext Milan or another regulated market as referred to in Article 1:1 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act. All convocations, announce- ments, notifications and communications to share- holders and other persons entitled to attend the General Meeting must be made on the company’s corporate website in accordance with the relevant provisions of Dutch law. The agenda for a General Meeting may contain the items requested by one or more shareholders representing at least three percent of the issued share capital of the compa- ny. Requests must be made in writing, including the reasons for adding the relevant item on the agen- da, and received by the Board of Directors at least 60 days before the day of the meeting. The agen- da of the annual general meeting of shareholders shall contain, inter alia, the following items: • adoption of the annual report; • the remuneration report; • at least every four years after adoption of the re- muneration policy, the remuneration policy; • the policy of the Company on additions to re- serves and on dividends, if any; • granting of discharge to the Directors in respect of the performance of their duties in the relevant financial year; • the appointment of Directors; • if applicable, the proposal to pay a dividend; • if applicable, discussion of any substantial change in the corporate governance structure of the Company; and

[PAGE 133]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 133 BOARD REPORT • any matters decided upon by the person(s) con- vening the meeting and any matters placed on the agenda with due observance of applicable Dutch law. The Board of Directors shall provide the general meeting of shareholders with all requested infor- mation, unless this would be contrary to an over- riding interest of the Company. If the Board of Directors invokes an overriding interest, it must give reasons. ADMISSION AND REGISTRATION Each shareholder entitled to vote, and each person holding a usufruct or pledge to whom the right to vote on the Ferrari common shares accrues, shall be authorized to attend the General Meeting, to address the General Meeting and to exercise its voting rights. The registration date of each General Meeting is the twenty-eighth day prior to the date of the General Meeting so as to establish which shareholders are entitled to attend and vote at the General Meeting. Only holders of shares and other persons entitled to vote or attend the General Meeting, at such registra- tion date are entitled to attend and vote at the General Meeting. The convocation notice for the meeting shall state the registration date and the manner in which the persons entitled to attend the General Meeting may register and exercise their rights. Those entitled to attend a General Meeting may be represented at a General Meeting by a proxy authorized in writing. The requirement that a proxy must be in written form is also fulfilled when it is recorded electronically. Members of the Board of Directors have the right to attend a General Meeting. In these General Meetings they have an advisory role. VOTING RIGHTS Ferrari applies the one-share-one-vote principle, meaning that each Ferrari common share and each special voting share confers the right on the holder to cast one vote at a General Meeting. Resolutions are passed by a simple majority of the votes cast, un- less Dutch law or the Ferrari Articles of Association prescribes a larger majority. Blank votes shall not be counted as votes cast. Shares in respect of which Dutch law determines that no votes may be cast shall be disregarded for the purposes of determin- ing the proportion of shareholders voting, present or represented or the proportion of the share cap- ital present or represented. Under Dutch law and/ or the Ferrari Articles of Association, the following matters require at least two-thirds of the votes cast at a meeting if less than half of the issued share cap- ital is present or represented: • a resolution to reduce the issued share capital; • a resolution to amend the Ferrari Articles of Association; • a resolution to restrict or exclude rights of pre-emption; • a resolution to authorize the Board of Directors to restrict or exclude shareholder rights of pre-emption; • a resolution to enter into a legal merger or a legal demerger; or • a resolution to dissolve Ferrari. Under Dutch law, a resolution to adopt the remuner- ation policy requires three-fourths of the votes val- idly cast, unless the Ferrari Articles of Association include a lower threshold which could be inserted in the Ferrari Articles of Association through a res- olution of the General Meeting pursuant to a prior proposal of the Board of Directors. Such a reso- lution to amend the Ferrari Articles of Association must be approved by a vote of a majority of at least two-thirds of the votes cast if less than one-half of the issued share capital is present or represent- ed at such General Meeting and a simple majority vote if one-half or more than one-half of the issued share capital is present or represented at such General Meeting. All votes shall be cast in writing or electronically. The chairman of the meeting may, however, deter- mine that voting by raising hands or in another man- ner shall be permitted. Voting by acclamation shall be permitted if none of the shareholders present or represented objects. No voting rights shall be exercised in the gen- eral meeting of shareholders for shares owned by the Company or by a subsidiary of the Company. Pledgees and usufructuaries of shares owned by the Company and its subsidiaries shall however not be excluded from exercising their voting rights, if the right of pledge or usufruct was created before the shares were owned by the Company or a subsid- iary. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries may exercise voting rights for shares in respect of which it holds a right of pledge or usufruct. Without prejudice to the Articles of Association, the Company shall determine for each resolution passed: • the number of shares on which valid votes have been cast; • the percentage that the number of shares as referred to under a. represents in the issued share capital; • the aggregate number of votes validly cast; and • the aggregate number of votes cast in favor of and against a resolution, as well as the number of abstentions. LIMITATIONS ON RIGHTS OF NON-RESIDENT OR FOREIGN SHAREHOLDERS There are no limitations imposed by Dutch law or by the Ferrari Articles of Association on the rights of non-resident or foreign shareholders to hold or vote Ferrari common shares.

[PAGE 135]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 135 BOARD REPORT SHAREHOLDERS’ VOTES ON CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS Any important change in the identity or character of Ferrari must be approved by the General Meeting, including (i) the termination transfer to a third par- ty of the business of Ferrari or practically the entire business of Ferrari; (ii) the entry into or breaking off of any long-term cooperation of Ferrari or a subsid- iary with another legal entity or company or as a ful- ly liable partner of a general partnership or limited partnership, where such entry into or breaking off is of far-reaching importance to Ferrari; and (iii) the acquisition or disposal by Ferrari or a subsidiary of an interest in the capital of a company with a value of at least one-third of Ferrari’s assets according to the consolidated statement of financial position with ex- planatory notes included in the last adopted annual accounts of Ferrari. AMENDMENTS TO THE FERRARI ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION, INCLUDING VARIATION OF RIGHTS A resolution of the General Meeting to amend the Ferrari Articles of Association or to wind up Ferrari may be approved only if proposed by the Board of Directors and must be approved by a vote of a ma- jority of at least two-thirds of the votes cast if less than one-half of the issued share capital is present or represented at such General Meeting. The rights of shareholders may be changed only by amending the Ferrari Articles of Association in compliance with Dutch law. DISSOLUTION AND LIQUIDATION The General Meeting may resolve to dissolve Ferrari, upon a proposal of the Board of Directors thereto. A majority of at least two-thirds of the votes cast shall be required if less than one-half of the issued capi- tal is present or represented at the meeting. In the event of dissolution, Ferrari will be liquidated in ac- cordance with Dutch law and the Ferrari Articles of Association and the liquidation shall be arranged by the members of the Board of Directors, unless the General Meeting appoints other liquidators. During liquidation, the provisions of the Ferrari Articles of Association will remain in force as long as possible. If Ferrari is dissolved and liquidated, whatever remains of Ferrari’s equity after all its debts have been discharged shall first be applied to distribute the aggregate balance of share premium reserves and other reserves (other than the special dividend reserve), to holders of Ferrari common shares in proportion to the aggregate nominal value of the Ferrari common shares held by each holder; sec- ondly, from any balance remaining, an amount equal to the aggregate amount of the nominal value of the Ferrari common shares will be distributed to the holders of Ferrari common shares in propor- tion to the aggregate nominal value of Ferrari com- mon shares held by each of them; thirdly, from any balance remaining, an amount equal to the aggre- gate amount of the special voting shares dividend reserve will be distributed to the holders of special voting shares in proportion to the aggregate nom- inal value of the special voting shares held by each of them; fourthly, from any balance remaining, the aggregate amount of the nominal value of the spe- cial voting shares will be distributed to the holders of special voting shares in proportion to the aggre- gate nominal value of the special voting shares held by each of them; and, lastly, any balance remaining will be distributed to the holders of Ferrari common shares in proportion to the aggregate nominal value of Ferrari common shares held by each of them. LIABILITY OF DIRECTORS Under Dutch law, the management of a company is a joint undertaking and each member of the Board of Directors can be held jointly and severally liable to Ferrari for damages in the event of improper or negligent performance of their duties. Further, members of the Board of Directors can be held lia- ble to third parties based on tort, pursuant to certain provisions of the Dutch Civil Code. All Directors are jointly and severally liable for failure of one or more co-Directors. An individual Director is only exempt- ed from liability if he proves that he cannot be held seriously culpable for the mismanagement and that he has not been negligent in seeking to prevent the consequences of the mismanagement. In this re- gard a Director may, however, refer to the allocation of tasks between the Directors. In certain circum- stances, Directors may incur additional specific civil and criminal liabilities. INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS Under Dutch law, indemnification provisions may be included in a company’s articles of association. Under the Ferrari Articles of Association, Ferrari is required to indemnify its Directors, officers, former Directors, former officers and any person who may have served at Ferrari’s request as a Director or officer of another company in which Ferrari owns shares or of which Ferrari is a creditor who were or are made a party or are threatened to be made a party or are involved in, any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, arbitrative or investi- gative (each a “Proceeding”), or any appeal in such a Proceeding or any inquiry or investigation that could lead to such a Proceeding, against any and all liabilities, damages, reasonable and documented expenses (including reasonably incurred and sub- stantiated attorney’s fees), financial effects of judg- ments, fines, penalties (including excise and similar taxes and punitive damages) and amounts paid in settlement in connection with such Proceeding by any of them. Notwithstanding the above, no indem- nification shall be made in respect of any claim, is-

[PAGE 136]
136 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F sue or matter as to which any of the abovemen- tioned indemnified persons shall be adjudged to be liable for gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of such person’s duty to Ferrari. This indemnification by Ferrari is not exclusive of any other rights to which those indemnified may be entitled otherwise. Ferrari has purchased directors’ and officers’ liability insurance for the members of the Board of Directors and certain other officers, substantially in line with that purchased by similarly situated companies. DUTCH CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE The Dutch Corporate Governance Code contains principles and best practice provisions that regulate relations between the board and the shareholders (including the General Meeting). The Dutch Corporate Governance Code is divided into five chapters which address the following topics: (i) sustainable long- term value creation; (ii) effective management and supervision; (iii) remuneration; (iv) the general meet- ing; and (v) one-tier governance structure. Dutch companies whose shares are listed on a government-recognized stock exchange, such as the NYSE, are required under Dutch law to disclose in their annual reports whether or not they apply the provisions of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code and, in the event that they do not apply a cer- tain provision, to explain the reasons why they have chosen to deviate. Ferrari acknowledges the importance of good corporate governance and supports the best prac- tice provisions of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code. Therefore, Ferrari intends to comply with the relevant best practice provisions of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code except as may be noted from time to time in Ferrari’s annual reports. The Dutch Corporate Governance Code has been revised in December 2016 and the revised Dutch Corporate Governance Code entered into force on January 1, 2018, being applicable retroac- tively as from the financial year 2017. Consequently, Ferrari has reported in 2018 regarding its applica- tion of the revised Dutch Corporate Governance Code with respect to the financial year 2017. On December 20, 2022, the Corporate Governance Code Monitoring Committee published an update to the Dutch Corporate Governance Code. The updated Dutch Corporate Governance Code has entered into force on January 1, 2024 and is applica- ble retroactively as from financial year 2023. DISCLOSURE OF HOLDINGS UNDER DUTCH LAW Home member state for purposes of the EU Transparency Directive The Netherlands is Ferrari’s home member state for the purposes of the EU Transparency Directive (Directive 2004/109/EC, as amended). Due to the list- ing of the Ferrari common shares on Euronext Milan, we are subject to financial and other reporting obli- gations under the Dutch act on Financial Supervision (Wet op het financieel toezicht, “AFS”) and the Dutch Financial Reporting Supervision Act (Wet toezicht fi- nanciële verslaggeving), which both implement the EU Transparency Directive in the Netherlands. Disclosure of information Ferrari is required to publish its annual report (con- sisting of the audited annual accounts and the board report, including a sustainability statement in accor- dance with the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive) within four months after the end of each financial year and its half-yearly figures within three months after the end of the first six months of each financial year. Shareholder disclosure and reporting obligaions As a result of the listing of the Ferrari common shares on the Euronext Milan, chapter 5.3 of the AFS applies, pursuant to which any person who, direct- ly or indirectly, acquires or disposes of an actual or potential capital interest and/or actual or potential voting rights in Ferrari must promptly give written notice to the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten, the “AFM”) of such acquisition or disposal by means of a standard form if, as a result of such acquisition or disposal, the percentage of capital interest and/or voting rights held by such person reaches, exceeds or falls below the following thresholds: 3 percent, 5 percent, 10 percent, 15 percent, 20 percent, 25 per- cent, 30 percent, 40 percent, 50 percent, 60 percent, 75 percent and 95 percent. For the purpose of calculating the percentage of capital interest or voting rights, the following inter- ests must, inter alia, be taken into account: (i) shares and/or voting rights directly held (or acquired or disposed of) by any person, (ii) shares and/or vot- ing rights held (or, acquired or disposed of) by such person’s controlled entities or by a third party for such person’s account, (iii) voting rights held (or acquired or disposed of) by a third party with whom such person has concluded an oral or written voting agreement, (iv) voting rights acquired pursuant to an agreement providing for a temporary transfer of voting rights in consideration for a payment, and (v) shares which such person, or any controlled entity or third party referred to above, may acquire pur- suant to any option or other right to acquire shares. As a consequence of the above, special voting shares must be added to Ferrari common shares for the purposes of the above thresholds. Controlled entities (within the meaning of the AFS) do not themselves have notification obligations under the AFS as their direct and indirect interests are attributed to their (ultimate) parent. If a per- son who has a three percent or larger interest in Ferrari’s share capital or voting rights ceases to be a

[PAGE 137]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 137 BOARD REPORT controlled entity it must immediately notify the AFM and all notification obligations under the AFS will become applicable to such former controlled entity. Special rules apply to the attribution of shares and/or voting rights which are part of the property of a partnership or other form of joint ownership. A holder of a pledge or right of usufruct in respect of shares can also be subject to notification obligations, if such person has, or can acquire, the right to vote on the shares. The acquisition of (conditional) voting rights by a pledgee or beneficial owner may also trigger notification obligations as if the pledgee or beneficial owner were the legal holder of the shares and/or voting rights. Furthermore, when calculating the percentage of capital interest, a person is also considered to be in possession of shares if (i) such person holds a finan- cial instrument the value of which is (in part) deter- mined by the value of the shares or any distributions associated therewith and which does not entitle such person to acquire any shares, (ii) such person may be obliged to purchase shares on the basis of an option, or (iii) such person has concluded another contract whereby such person acquires an economic interest comparable to that of holding a share. If a person’s capital interest and/or voting rights reaches, exceeds or falls below the abovementioned thresholds as a result of a change in Ferrari’s issued and outstanding share capital or voting rights, such person is required to make a notification not later than on the fourth trading day after the AFM has published Ferrari’s notification as described below. Following the implementation of Directive 2013/50/EU into the AFS, every holder of three percent more of the issued and outstanding share capital or voting rights whose interest has changed compared to his most recent notification, and which holder knows or should know that pursuant to this change his interest reaches or crosses a threshold as a result of certain acts (as described above and including the exchange of a financial instrument or a contract (pursuant to which the holder is deemed to have issued and outstanding shares or voting rights at his disposal)), must notify the AFM of this change. Ferrari is required to notify the AFM promptly of any change of one percent or more in its issued and outstanding share capital or voting rights since a previous notification. Other changes in Ferrari’s issued and outstanding share capital or voting rights must be notified to the AFM within eight days after the end of the quarter in which the change occurred. In addition to the above described notification obligations pertaining to capital interest or voting rights, pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 236/2012, as amended, notification must be made of any net short position of 0.1% in the issued share capital of Ferrari, and of every subsequent 0.1% above this threshold. Notifications starting at 0.5% and every subsequent 0.1% above this threshold will be made public via the short selling register of the AFM. Furthermore, gross short positions shall be notified in the event that a threshold is reached, exceeded or fallen below. With regard to gross short positions, the same disclosure thresholds as for holders of capital interests and/or voting rights apply. Furthermore, each member of the Board of Directors must notify the AFM: • within two weeks after his/her appointment of the number of shares he/she holds and the num- ber of votes he/she is entitled to cast in respect of Ferrari’s issued and outstanding share capital, and • subsequently of each change in the number of shares he/she holds and of each change in the number of votes he/she is entitled to cast in re- spect of Ferrari’s issued and outstanding share capital, immediately after the relevant change. The AFM keeps a public register of all notifications made pursuant to these disclosure obligations and publishes any notification received which can be ac- cessed via www.afm.nl. The notifications referred to in this paragraph should be made in writing by means of a standard form or electronically through the notification system of the AFM. Non-compliance with these disclosure obli- gations is an economic offense and may lead to criminal prosecution. The AFM may impose admin- istrative penalties for non-compliance, and the pub- lication thereof. In addition, a civil court can impose measures against any person who fails to notify or incorrectly notifies the AFM of matters required to be notified. A claim requiring that such measures be imposed may be instituted by Ferrari and/or by one or more shareholders who alone or together with others represent at least three percent of the issued and outstanding share capital of Ferrari or are able to exercise at least three percent of the voting rights. The measures that the civil court may impose include: • an order requiring appropriate disclosure; • suspension of the right to exercise the voting rights for a period of up to three years as deter- mined by the court; • voiding a resolution adopted by the General Meeting, if the court determines that the reso- lution would not have been adopted but for the exercise of the voting rights of the person with a duty to disclose, or suspension of a resolution adopted by the general meeting of shareholders until the court makes a decision about such void- ing; and • an order to refrain, during a period of up to five years as determined by the court, from ac- quiring shares and/or voting rights in Ferrari. Shareholders are advised to consult with their own legal advisers to determine whether the disclosure obligations apply to them. Shareholders are advised to consult with their own legal advisers to determine whether the disclosure obligations apply to them.

[PAGE 138]
138 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F MANDATORY BID REQUIREMENT Under Dutch law any person, acting alone or in con- cert with others, who, directly or indirectly, acquires 30 percent or more of Ferrari’s voting rights will be obliged to launch a public offer for all outstand- ing shares in Ferrari’s share capital. An exception is made for shareholders who, whether alone or acting in concert with others, had an interest of at least 30 percent of Ferrari’s voting rights before the shares were first listed on the Euronext Milan (formerly Mercato Telematico Azionario or “MTA”), and who still maintained such an interest after such first listing. Immediately after the first listing of Ferrari common shares on MTA, now Euronext Milan, Exor held more than 30 percent of Ferrari’s voting rights. Therefore Exor’s interest in Ferrari was grandfathered and the exception that applies to it will continue to apply to it for as long as its holding of shares represents over 30 percent of Ferrari’s voting rights. DUTCH FINANCIAL REPORTING SUPERVISION ACT On the basis of the Dutch Financial Reporting Su- pervision Act (Wet toezicht financiële verslaggeving), or the FRSA, the AFM supervises the application of financial reporting standards by, amongst others, companies whose official seat is in the Netherlands and whose securities are listed on a regulated mar- ket within the EU or in a non-EU country on a system similar to a regulated market. Pursuant to the FRSA, the AFM has an indepen- dent right to (i) request an explanation from Ferrari regarding its application of the applicable financial reporting standards and (ii) recommend to us the making available of further explanations. If we do not comply with such a request or recommendation, the AFM may request that the Enterprise Chamber order us to (i) make available further explanations as recommended by the AFM, (ii) provide an explana- tion of the way we have applied the applicable finan- cial reporting standards to our financial reports or (iii) prepare our financial reports in accordance with the Enterprise Chamber’s instructions. COMPULSORY ACQUISITION Pursuant to Section 2:92a of the Dutch Civil Code (“DCC”), a shareholder who, for its own account, holds at least 95 percent of the issued share capi- tal of Ferrari may institute proceedings against the other shareholders jointly for the transfer of their shares to it. The proceedings are held before the Dutch Enterprise Chamber and can be instituted by means of a writ of summons served upon each of the minority shareholders in accordance with the provisions of the Dutch Code of Civil Procedure. The Enterprise Chamber may grant the claim for the squeeze-out in relation to all minority share- holders and will determine the price to be paid for the shares, if necessary after appointment of one or three expert(s) who will offer an opinion to the Enterprise Chamber on the value to be paid for the shares of the minority shareholders. Once the or- der to transfer becomes final before the Enterprise Chamber, the person acquiring the shares must give written notice of the date and place of payment and the price to the holders of the shares to be ac- quired whose addresses are known to it. Unless the addresses of all of them are known to it, it must also publish the same in a Dutch daily newspaper with a national circulation. A shareholder can only appeal against the judgment of the Enterprise Chamber be- fore the Dutch Supreme Court. In addition, pursuant to Section 2:359c of the DCC, an offeror under a public offer is also entitled to start a squeeze out procedure, within three months after the public offer, if following the public offer it holds at least 95% of the issued share capital of Ferrari representing at least 95% of the total voting rights. In the event of a mandatory offer, the mandatory offer price is in principle deemed to be a reasonable price, which has to be accepted by minority shareholders. In the event of a voluntary public offer, the offer price is considered reasonable if at least 90% of the shares have been acquired under the public offer. Pursuant to Section 2:359d of the DCC, if the offeror has acquired at least 95% of the issued share capital of Ferrari representing at least 95% of the total voting rights, each remaining minority shareholder is entitled to demand a squeeze out. This procedure must be initiated with the Enterprise Chamber within three months after the end of the period for tendering Shares in the public offer. With regard to the price per share to be paid by the major- ity Shareholder, the same procedure as for squeeze out proceedings initiated by the offeror, as set out in the previous paragraph, applies. DISCLOSURE OF TRADES IN LISTED SECURITIES DISCLOSURE UNDER DUTCH LAW Pursuant to the AFS and the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the “Market Abuse Regulation”), each of the members of the Board of Directors and any other person discharging managerial respon- sibilities within Ferrari and who in that capacity is authorized to make decisions affecting the future developments and business prospects of Ferrari and who has regular access to inside information relating, directly or indirectly, to Ferrari (each, an “Insider”) must notify the AFM of all transactions, conducted or carried out for his/her own account, relating to Ferrari common shares, special voting shares or financial instruments, the value of which is (in part) determined by the value of Ferrari common shares or special voting shares. In addition, persons who are closely associated with members of the Board of Directors or any of the other Insiders must notify the AFM of all trans- actions conducted for their own account relating to Ferrari’s shares or financial instruments, the value of

[PAGE 139]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 139 BOARD REPORT which is (in part) determined by the value of Ferrari’s shares. The Market Abuse Regulation designates the following categories of persons: (i) the spouse or any partner considered by applicable law as equiv- alent to the spouse, (ii) dependent children, (iii) other relatives who have shared the same household for at least one year at the relevant transaction date, and (iv) any legal person, trust or partnership, among other things, whose managerial responsibilities are discharged by a member of the Board of Directors or any other Insider or by a person referred to under (i), (ii) or (iii) above. The AFM must be forthwith notified of transac- tions effected in either Ferrari’s shares or financial instruments, the value of which is (in part) deter- mined by the value of Ferrari’s shares, following the transaction date by means of a standard form. Notifications under the Market Abuse Regulation may however be postponed until the date that the value of the transactions carried out on a person’s own account, together with the transactions car- ried out by the persons associated with that person, reaches or exceeds the amount of €5,000 in the cal- endar year in question. The AFM keeps a public reg- ister of all notifications made pursuant to the AFS and the Market Abuse Regulation. Ferrari is required to make inside information public. Inside information is precise information directly or indirectly relating to the issuer or the trade in its securities which has not yet been made public and publication of which could significantly affect the trading price of the securities. Ferrari must also provide the CONSOB with this inside information at the time of publication. Furthermore, Ferrari must without delay publish the inside information on its website and keep it available on Ferrari’s website for at least five years. It is prohibited for any person to make use of inside information by conducting, effecting or attempting to conduct or effect a transaction in relevant financial instruments. In addition, it is pro- hibited for any person to pass on inside informa- tion relating to Ferrari or the trade in its securities to a third party or to recommend or induce, on the basis of inside information, any person to conduct a transaction in securities of Ferrari. Furthermore, it is prohibited for any person to manipulate or attempt to manipulate the market, for instance by conducting transactions which could lead to an incorrect or misleading signal of the supply of, the demand for or the price of the securities. The pro- visions of the Market Abuse Regulation concerning insider trading and manipulation of the market are self-executing and immediately applicable Italian law. Moreover, on October 2016 CONSOB started a process for the review (in light of the Market Abuse Regulation) of certain regulatory provisions con- tained in the Issuers’ Regulation no. 11971/1999. Non-compliance with these reporting obliga- tions could lead to criminal penalties, administrative fines and cease-and-desist orders (and the publica- tion thereof), imprisonment or other sanctions. SHAREHOLDER DISCLOSURE AND REPORTING OBLIGATIONS UNDER U.S. LAW Holders of Ferrari shares are subject to certain U.S. reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) for share- holders owning more than 5 percent of any class of equity securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act. Among the reporting require- ments are disclosure obligations intended to inform the market of significant accumulations of shares that may lead to a change of control of an issuer. If Ferrari were to fail to qualify as a foreign private issuer in the future, Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act would require Ferrari’s Directors and executive officers, and persons who own more than ten per- cent of a registered class of Ferrari’s equity securi- ties, to file reports of ownership of, and transactions in, Ferrari’s equity securities with the SEC. Such Directors, executive officers and ten percent stock- holders would also be required to furnish Ferrari with copies of all Section 16 reports they file. DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS UNDER ITALIAN LAW Summarized below are the most significant require- ments to be complied with by Ferrari in connec- tion with the admission to listing of Ferrari common shares on the Euronext Milan. The breach of the obli- gations described below may result in the application of fines and criminal penalties (including, for instance, those provided for insider trading and market manip- ulation). Further requirements may be imposed by CONSOB and/or Borsa Italiana as a result of the listing of Ferrari common shares on the Euronext Milan. In particular, the following main disclosure obli- gations provided for by the Legislative Decree no. 58/1998, or the Italian Financial Act, effective as of the date of this document shall apply to Ferrari, article 92 (equal treatment principle), article 114 (information to be provided to the public), article 114-bis (information to be provided to the market concerning the allocation of financial instruments to corporate officers, employees and collaborators), article 115 (information to be disclosed to CONSOB) and article 180 and the following (relating to insider trading and market manipulation). In addition to the above, the applicable provisions set forth under the market rules (including those relating to the timing for the payment of dividends) shall apply to Ferrari. DISCLOSURE OF INSIDE INFORMATION Pursuant to the Market Abuse Regulation, Ferrari shall disclose to the public, without delay, any inside information which: (i) is of a precise nature, (ii) has not been made public, (iii) relates, directly or indi- rectly, to Ferrari or Ferrari’s common shares, and (iv) if it were made public, would be likely to have a significant effect on the prices of Ferrari’s common shares or on the price of related derivative financial instruments (the “Inside Information”).

[PAGE 140]
140 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F In this regard, Inside Information shall be deemed to be of a precise nature if: (a) it indicates a set of circum- stances which exists or which may reasonably be expected to come into existence, or an event which has occurred or which may reasonably be expected to occur and (b) it is specific enough to enable a con- clusion to be drawn as to the possible effect of that set of circumstances or events on the prices of the financial instruments (i.e., Ferrari’s common shares) or the related derivative financial instruments. The above disclosure requirement shall be complied with through the publication of a press release by Ferrari, in accordance with the modal- ities set forth under the Market Abuse Regulation, Dutch and Italian law, disclosing to the public the relevant Inside Information. The provisions of the MAR concerning the disclosure of inside informa- tion are self-executing and immediately applicable under Italian law. Under specific circumstances, CONSOB may at any time request: (a) Ferrari to disclose to the pub- lic specific information or documentation where deemed appropriate or necessary or alternatively (b) to be provided with specific information or docu- mentation. For this purpose, CONSOB has wide pow- ers to, among other things, carry out inspections or request information to the members of the manag- ing board, the members of the supervisory board or to the external auditor. Ferrari shall publish and transmit to CONSOB any information disseminated in any non-EU-coun- tries where Ferrari’s common shares are listed (i.e., the United States), if this information is significant for the purposes of the evaluation of Ferrari’s com- mon shares listed on the Euronext Milan. INSIDERS’ REGISTER Pursuant to the Market Abuse Regulation, Ferrari and its subsidiaries, as well as persons acting on their behalf or for their account, shall draw up, and keep promptly updated, a list of persons who, in the exer- cise of their employment, profession or duties, have access to Inside Information. Ferrari shall provide such list to the competent authority at its request. PUBLIC TENDER OFFERS Certain rules provided for under Italian law with respect to both voluntary and mandatory public tender offers shall apply to any offer launched for Ferrari’s common shares. In particular, among oth- er things, the provisions concerning the tender of- fer price, the content of the offer document and the disclosure of the tender offer will be subject to the supervision by CONSOB and Italian law. ELECTION AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS The Ferrari Articles of Association provide that the Board of Directors shall be composed of three or more members. Directors are appointed by a simple majority of the votes validly cast at a General Meeting. The General Meeting may at any time suspend or dismiss any Director. DISCLOSURES PURSUANT TO DECREE ARTICLE 10 EU-DIRECTIVE ON TAKEOVERS In accordance with the Dutch Besluit artikel 10 over- namerichtlijn (the “Decree”), the Company makes the following disclosures: • For information on the capital structure of the Company, the composition of the issued share capital and the existence of the two classes of shares, please refer to Note 13 to the Company Financial Statements in this Annual Report. For information on the rights attached to the com- mon shares, please refer to the Company’s Articles of Association. To summarize, the rights attached to common shares comprise pre-emp- tive rights upon issuance of common shares, the entitlement to attend to the general meeting of Shareholders and to speak and vote at that meeting and the entitlement to distributions of such amount of the Company’s profit as remains after allocation to reserves. For information on the rights attached to the special voting shares, please refer to the Articles of Association and the Terms and Conditions for the Special Voting Shares which can both be found on the Company’s website and more in particular to the paragraph “Loyalty Voting Program” of this Annual Report. At December 31, 2024, the is- sued share capital of the Company consisted of 193,923,499 common shares, representing ap- proximately 75.38 percent of the aggregate is- sued share capital, and 63,349,112 special voting shares, representing approximately 24.62 per- cent of the aggregate issued share capital. • The Company has imposed no limitations on the transfer of common shares. The Articles of Association provide in Article 13 for transfer re- strictions for special voting shares. • For information on participations in the Company’s capital in respect of which pursuant to Sections 5:34, 5:35 and 5:43 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) notification requirements apply, please refer to the chapter “Major Shareholders” of this Annual Report. There you will find a list of Shareholders who are known to the Company to have holdings of 3 percent or more at the stated date. • No special control rights or other rights accrue to shares in the capital of the Company. • A mechanism for verifying compliance with a scheme allowing employees to subscribe for or to acquire shares in the capital of the company or a subsidiary if the employees do not arrange for such verification directly is not applicable to the Company.

[PAGE 141]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 141 BOARD REPORT • No restrictions apply to voting rights attached to shares in the capital of the Company, nor are there any deadlines for exercising voting rights. The Articles of Association allow the Company to cooperate in the issuance of registered de- positary receipts for common shares, but only pursuant to a resolution to that effect of the Board of Directors. The Company is not aware of any depository receipts having been issued for shares in its capital. • The Company is not aware of the existence of any agreements with Shareholders which may result in restrictions on the transfer of shares or limitation of voting rights except for the share- holders’ agreement, dated December 23, 2015 between Exor (formerly Exor S.p.A.) and Piero Ferrari, recently amended to reflect adherence by Trust Piero Ferrari, which became effective upon the completion of the Separation on January 3, 2016 (the “Shareholders’ Agreement”). The Shareholders’ Agreement includes certain pre- emption rights of Exor in the event of a proposed transfer of common shares by Piero Ferrari, and certain rights of first offer of Piero Ferrari in the event of a proposed transfer of common shares by Exor, in each case subject to the exceptions set forth in the Shareholders’ Agreement. The Shareholders’ Agreement will remain in force un- til the fifth anniversary of the Separation provided that if neither of the parties to the Shareholders’ Agreement terminates the Shareholders’ Agreement within six months before the end of the initial term, then the Shareholders’ Agreement shall be renewed automatically for another five year term. Since neither of the parties to the Shareholders’ Agreement terminated it within six months before January 3, 2021, the Shareholders’ Agreement was automatically renewed for an- other five year term and, therefore, until January 3, 2026. On December 16, 2022, Exor N.V., Mr. Piero Ferrari and Trust Piero Ferrari entered into an adherence and amendment agreement whereby Trust Piero Ferrari became a party to the Shareholders’ Agreement and certain terms of the Shareholders’ Agreement were amended. The Shareholders’ Agreement, as so amended, is governed by the laws of the Netherlands and it mainly concerns the “acting in concert” and cer- tain pre-emption rights and rights of first offer with respect to the shares of the Company. • The rules governing the appointment and dis- missal of members of the Board of Directors are stated in the Articles of Association of the Company. All members of the Board of Directors are appointed by the general meeting of Shareholders. The term of office of all mem- bers of the Board of Directors is for a period of approximately one year after appointment, such period expiring on the day the first Annual General Meeting of Shareholders is held in the following calendar year. The general meeting of Shareholders has the power to suspend or dis- miss any member of the Board of Directors at any time. The rules governing an amendment of the Articles of Association are stated in the Articles of Association and require a resolution of the general meeting of Shareholders which can only be passed pursuant to a prior proposal of the Board of Directors. • The general powers of the Board of Directors are stated in the Articles of Association of the Company. Pursuant to the resolution of the Annual General Meeting held on April 17, 2024, the Board of Directors has been authorized to issue common shares in the capital of the Company and to grant rights to subscribe for common shares in the capital of the Company. This autho- rization is limited in respect of common shares to 10 percent of the issued common shares for general corporate purposes as of the date of the 2024 Annual General Meeting (i.e. April 17, 2024), which can be used for any and all purposes nec- essary in the opinion of the Board of Directors. The authorization has been granted for a period of 18 months starting from the date of the 2024 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on April 17, 2024 up to and including October 16, 2025. The Board of Directors has also been designated for the same period as the authorized body to limit or exclude the rights of pre-emption of sharehold- ers in connection with the authority of the Board of Directors to issue common shares and grant rights to subscribe for common shares as re- ferred to above. Pursuant to the resolution of the Annual General Meeting held on April 13, 2022, the Board of Directors has been further authorized to issue special voting shares in the capital of the Company and to grant rights to subscribe for spe- cial voting shares in the capital of the Company. This authorization is limited in respect of special voting shares to 10 percent of the maximum aggregate amount of special voting shares as provided for in the Company’s authorized share capital. The authorization has been granted for a period of 5 years starting from the date of the 2022 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on April 13, 2022 up to and including April 12, 2027. In the event of an issuance of special voting shares, shareholders have no right of pre-emption. The Company has the authority to acquire fully paid- up shares in its own share capital, provided that such acquisition is made for no consideration. Further rules governing the acquisition of shares by the Company in its own share capital are set out in article 8 of the Articles of Association. • The Company is not a party to any significant agreements which will take effect, will be al- tered or will be terminated upon a change of control of the Company as a result of a public offer within the meaning of Section 5:70 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het fi- nancieel toezicht), provided that certain of the loan agreements entered into by the Company contain clauses that, as is customary for financ-

[PAGE 142]
142 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F ing agreements of similar type, may require early repayment or termination in the event of a change of control of the Company. • The Company did not enter into any agreement with a Director or employee of the Company pro- viding for a payment / distribution upon termina- tion of employment as a result of a public offer within the meaning of article 5:70 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act. GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS At least one general meeting of shareholders shall be held every year, which meeting shall be held with- in six months after the close of the financial year. Furthermore, general meetings of sharehold- ers shall be held in the case referred to in Section 2:108a of the Dutch Civil Code as often as the Board of Directors, the Chairman or the Chief Executive Officer deems it necessary to hold them or as other- wise required by Dutch law, without prejudice to what has been provided in the next paragraph hereof. Shareholders solely or jointly representing at least ten percent (10 percent) of the issued share capital may request the Board of Directors, in writ- ing, to call a general meeting of shareholders, stat- ing the matters to be dealt with. If the Board of Directors fails to call a meeting, then such shareholders may, on their application, be authorized by the interim provisions judge of the court (voorzieningenrechter van de rechtbank) to convene a general meeting of shareholders. The interim provisions judge (voorzieningenrechter van de rechtbank) shall reject the application if he is not satisfied that the applicants have previously requested the Board of Directors in writing, stating the exact subjects to be discussed, to convene a general meeting of shareholders. General meetings of shareholders shall be held in Amsterdam or Haarlemmermeer (Schiphol Airport), the Netherlands, and shall be called by the Board of Directors, the Chairman or the Chief Executive Officer, in such manner as is required to comply with the law and the applicable stock exchange reg- ulations, not later than on the forty-second day prior to the day of the meeting. All convocations of general meetings of share- holders and all announcements, notifications and communications to shareholders shall be made by means of an announcement on the Company’s corporate website and such announcement shall remain accessible until the relevant general meet- ing of shareholders. Any communication to be addressed to the general meeting of shareholders by virtue of Dutch law or the Articles of Association, may be either included in the notice, referred to in the preceding sentence or, to the extent provided for in such notice, on the Company’s corporate website and/or in a document made available for inspection at the office of the Company and such other place(s) as the Board of Directors shall determine. Convocations of general meetings of share- holders may be sent to Shareholders through the use of an electronic means of communication to the address provided by such Shareholders to the Company for this purpose. The notice shall state the place, date and hour of the meeting and the agenda of the meeting as well as the other data required by law. An item proposed in writing by such number of Shareholders who, by Dutch law, are entitled to make such proposal, shall be included in the notice or shall be announced in a manner similar to the announce- ment of the notice, provided that the Company has received the relevant request, including the reasons for putting the relevant item on the agenda, no later than the sixtieth day before the day of the meeting. Pursuant to Dutch law, the board of a listed com- pany has the power to invoke a cooling-off period of up to 250 days in the event of (i) a request by one or more shareholders for consideration of a proposal to appoint, suspend or dismiss one or more members of the board, or (ii) when an unsolicited public bid has been announced or made for the shares of the listed company. The decision by the board to invoke the cooling-off period is subject to supervisory board approval. To invoke the cooling-off period, the request under i) or the public bid under ii) must in the view of the board be substantially contrary to the interest of the listed company and its affiliated enterprises. The agenda of the annual general meeting of shareholders shall contain, inter alia, the following items: • adoption of the annual report; • the remuneration report; • at least every four years after adoption of the re- muneration policy, the remuneration policy; • the policy of the Company on additions to re- serves and on dividends, if any; • granting of discharge to the Directors in respect of the performance of their duties in the relevant financial year; • the appointment of Directors; • if applicable, the proposal to pay a dividend; • if applicable, discussion of any substantial change in the corporate governance structure of the Company; and • any matters decided upon by the person(s) con- vening the meeting and any matters placed on the agenda with due observance of applicable Dutch law. The Board of Directors shall provide the general meeting of shareholders with all requested informa- tion, unless this would be contrary to an overriding interest of the Company. If the Board of Directors invokes an overriding interest, it must give reasons. When convening a general meeting of sharehold- ers, the Board of Directors shall determine that, for the purpose of Article 19 and Article 20 of the Articles of Association, persons with the right to vote or attend meetings shall be considered those persons who have these rights at the twenty-eighth day prior

[PAGE 143]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 143 BOARD REPORT to the day of the meeting (the “Record Date”) and are registered as such in a register to be designated by the Board of Directors for such purpose, irrespective whether they will have these rights at the date of the meeting. In addition to the Record Date, the notice of the meeting shall further state the manner in which shareholders and other parties with meeting rights may have themselves registered and the manner in which those rights can be exercised. The general meeting of shareholders shall be presided over by the Chairman or, in his absence, by the person chosen by the Board of Directors to act as chairman for such meeting. One of the persons present designated for that purpose by the chairman of the meeting shall act as secretary and take minutes of the business trans- acted. The minutes shall be confirmed by the chair- man of the meeting and the secretary and signed by them in witness thereof. The minutes of the general meeting of share- holders shall be made available, on request, to the shareholders no later than three months after the end of the meeting, after which the shareholders shall have the opportunity to react to the minutes in the following three months. The minutes shall then be adopted in the manner as described in the pre- ceding paragraph. If an official notarial record is made of the busi- ness transacted at the meeting then minutes need not be drawn up and it shall suffice that the official notarial record be signed by the notary. As a prerequisite to attending the meeting and, to the extent applicable, exercising voting rights, the shareholders entitled to attend the meeting shall be obliged to inform the Board of Directors in writing within the time frame mentioned in the convening notice. At the latest this notice must be received by the Board of Directors on the day mentioned in the convening notice. Shareholders and those permitted by Dutch law to attend the general meetings of shareholders may cause themselves to be represented at any meeting by a proxy duly authorized in writing, provided they shall notify the Company in writing of their wish to be represented at such time and place as shall be stated in the notice of the meetings. For the avoidance of doubt, such attorney is also authorized in writing if the proxy is documented electronically. The Board of Directors may determine further rules concern- ing the deposit of the powers of attorney; these shall be mentioned in the notice of the meeting. The Company is exempt from the proxy rules under the Exchange Act. The chairman of the meeting shall decide on the admittance to the meeting of persons other than those who are entitled to attend. For each general meeting of shareholders, the Board of Directors may decide that shareholders shall be entitled to attend, address and exercise voting rights at such meeting through the use of electronic means of communication, provided that shareholders who participate in the meeting are capable of being identified through the electronic means of communication and have direct cogni- zance of the discussions at the meeting and the exercising of voting rights (if applicable). The Board of Directors may set requirements for the use of electronic means of communication and state these in the convening notice. Furthermore, the Board of Directors may for each general meeting of share- holders decide that votes cast by the use of elec- tronic means of communication prior to the meeting and received by the Board of Directors shall be con- sidered to be votes cast at the meeting. Such votes may not be cast prior to the Record Date. Whether the provision of the foregoing sentence applies and the procedure for exercising the rights referred to in that sentence shall be stated in the notice. Prior to being allowed admittance to a meeting, a shareholder and each person entitled to attend the meeting, or its attorney, shall sign an attendance list, while stating his name and, to the extent applicable, the number of votes to which he is entitled. Each shareholder and other person attending a meeting by the use of electronic means of communication and identified in accordance with the above shall be registered on the attendance list by the Board of Directors. In the event that it concerns an attorney of a shareholder or another person entitled to attend the meeting, the name(s) of the person(s) on whose behalf the attorney is acting, shall also be stated. The chairman of the meeting may decide that the atten- dance list must also be signed by other persons present at the meeting. The chairman of the meeting may determine the time for which shareholders and others entitled to attend the general meeting of shareholders may speak if he considers this desirable with a view to the orderly conduct of the meeting as well as other procedures that the chairman considers desirable for the efficient and orderly conduct of the business of the meeting. Ferrari applies the one-share-one-vote principle, meaning that every share (whether common or spe- cial voting) shall confer the right to cast one vote. Shares in respect of which Dutch law determines that no votes may be cast shall be disregarded for the purposes of determining the proportion of share- holders voting, present or represented or the pro- portion of the share capital present or represented. All resolutions shall be passed with an absolute majority of the votes validly cast unless otherwise specified in the Articles of Association. Blank votes shall not be counted as votes cast. All votes shall be cast in writing or electronically. The chairman of the meeting may, however, deter- mine that voting by raising hands or in another man- ner shall be permitted. Voting by acclamation shall be permitted if none of the shareholders present or represented objects. No voting rights shall be exercised in the gen- eral meeting of shareholders for shares owned by the Company or by a subsidiary of the Company. Pledgees and usufructuaries of shares owned by

[PAGE 144]
144 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F the Company and its subsidiaries shall however not be excluded from exercising their voting rights, if the right of pledge or usufruct was created before the shares were owned by the Company or a subsid- iary. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries may exercise voting rights for shares in respect of which it holds a right of pledge or usufruct. Without prejudice to the Articles of Association, the Company shall determine for each resolution passed: • the number of shares on which valid votes have been cast; • the percentage that the number of shares as re- ferred to under a. represents in the issued share capital; • the aggregate number of votes validly cast; and • the aggregate number of votes cast in favor of and against a resolution, as well as the number of abstentions. ISSUANCE OF SHARES The general meeting of shareholders or alternatively the Board of Directors, if it has been designated to do so by the general meeting of shareholders, shall have authority to resolve on any issuance of shares and rights to subscribe for shares. The general meeting of shareholders shall, for as long as any such desig- nation of the Board of Directors for this purpose is in force, no longer have authority to decide on the is- suance of shares and rights to subscribe for shares. For a period of five years from January 2, 2016 the Board of Directors has been irrevocably authorized to issue shares and rights to subscribe for shares up to the maximum aggregate amount of shares as provided for in the company’s authorized share cap- ital as set out in Article 4.1 and 6.1 of the Articles of Association, as amended from time to time. The general meeting of shareholders or the Board of Directors if so designated in accordance with the Articles of Association, shall decide on the price and the further terms and conditions of issuance, with due observance of what has been provided in relation thereto in Dutch law and the Articles of Association. If the Board of Directors is designated to have authority to decide on the issuance of shares or rights to subscribe for shares, such designation shall specify the class of shares and the maximum number of shares or rights to subscribe for shares that can be issued under such designation. When making such designation the duration thereof, which shall not be for more than five years, shall be resolved upon at the same time. The designation may be extended from time to time for periods not exceeding five years. The designation may not be withdrawn unless otherwise provided in the resolu- tion in which the designation is made. Pursuant to the resolution of the Annual General Meeting held on April 17, 2024, the Board of Directors has been authorized to issue common shares in the capital of the Company and to grant rights to subscribe for common shares in the capital of the Company. This authorization is limited in respect of common shares to 10 percent of the issued com- mon shares for general corporate purposes as of the date of the 2024 Annual General Meeting (i.e. April 17, 2024), which can be used for any and all purposes necessary in the opinion of the Board of Directors. The authorization has been granted for a period of 18 months starting from the date of the 2024 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on April 17, 2024 up to and including October 16, 2025. The Board of Directors has also been designated for the same period as the authorized body to limit or exclude the rights of pre-emption of shareholders in connection with the authority of the Board of Directors to issue common shares and grant rights to subscribe for common shares as referred to above. Pursuant to the resolution of the Annual General Meeting held on April 13, 2022, the Board of Directors has been fur- ther authorized to issue special voting shares in the capital of the Company and to grant rights to sub- scribe for special voting shares in the capital of the Company. This authorization is limited in respect of special voting shares to 10 percent of the maximum aggregate amount of special voting shares as pro- vided for in the Company’s authorized share capital. The authorization has been granted for a period of 5 years starting from the date of the 2022 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on April 13, 2022 up to and including April 12, 2027. Payment for shares shall be made in cash unless another form of consideration has been agreed. Payment in a currency other than Euro may only be made with the consent of the Company. The Board of Directors has also been designated as the authorized body to limit or exclude the rights of pre-emption of shareholders in connection with the authority of the Board of Directors to issue common shares and grant rights to subscribe for common shares as referred to above. In the event of an issuance of common shares every holder of common shares shall have a right of pre-emption with regard to the common shares or rights to subscribe for common shares to be issued in proportion to the aggregate nominal value of his common shares, provided however that no such right of pre-emption shall exist in respect of shares or rights to subscribe for common shares to be issued to employees of the Company or of a group company pursuant to any option plan of the Company. A shareholder shall have no right of pre-emption for shares that are issued against a non-cash con- tribution. In the event of an issuance of special voting shares to qualifying shareholders, shareholders shall not have any right of pre-emption. The general meeting of shareholders or the Board of Directors, as the case may be, shall decide when passing the resolution to issue shares or rights to subscribe for shares in which manner the shares shall be issued and, to the extent that rights of pre-emption apply, within what period those rights may be exercised.

[PAGE 145]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 145 BOARD REPORT FERRARI LEADERSHIP TEAM On certain key operational matters, the CEO is supported by the FLT, which is responsible for reviewing the operating performance of the business, collaborating on certain operational matters, supporting the Chief Executive Officer with his tasks, and executing decisions of the Board of Directors and the day-to-day management of the Company, primarily as it relates to the operational management. Set forth below are the names, year of birth and position of each of the members of the FLT of Ferrari. Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each person listed below will be c/o Ferrari, Via Abetone Inferiore n. 4, I-41053 Maranello (MO), Italy. Name Year of Birth Position John Elkann 1976 Executive Chairman and Executive Director Benedetto Vigna 1969 Chief Executive Officer Antonio Picca Piccon 1964 Chief Financial Officer Davide Abate 1984 Chief Technologies and Infrastructures Officer Andrea Antichi 1979 Chief Manufacturing Officer Michele Antoniazzi 1969 Chief Human Resources Officer Carlo Daneo 1968 General Counsel Alfonso Fuggetta 1958 Chief Digital Transformation Officer Gianmaria Fulgenzi 1969 Chief Product Development Officer Enrico Galliera 1966 Chief Marketing and Commercial Officer Lorenzo Giorgetti 1970 Chief Racing Revenue Officer Ernesto Lasalandra 1972 Chief Research & Development Officer Maria Carla Liuni 1968 Chief Brand Officer Marco Lovati 1972 Chief Internal Audit, Risk and Compliance Officer Flavio Manzoni 1965 Chief Design Officer Francesca Montini 1979 Chief Communications Officer Angelo Pesci 1974 Chief Purchasing & Quality Officer Frédéric Vasseur 1968 Scuderia Ferrari Team Principal & General Manager All FLT members are executive officers. Summary biographies for the current members of the FLT are included below: JOHN ELKANN See the “—Board of Directors” section above. BENEDETTO VIGNA See the “—Board of Directors” section above. ANTONIO PICCA PICCON Mr. Antonio Picca Piccon is Chief Financial Officer since July 2018. Before joining Ferrari, he held the position of CFO in Ariston Thermo Group, includ- ing responsibilities for Legal and Corporate Affairs and ICT, since November 2014. Prior to such assign- ment he spent 15 years within Fiat Group and FCA, where he covered several senior roles in finance and financial services, including CFO of Iveco Group, CEO of FGA Capital (then FCA Bank and now CA Auto Bank) and Group Treasurer and Head of Financial Services for FCA. He started his career in banking, in various positions within Sanpaolo IMI group. He also served as a member of the Board of Directors of Ferrari, Fiat Group Automobiles, Magneti Marelli, Maserati and Teksid. Mr. Picca Piccon graduated in Economics and Business Administration from the University of Turin and holds an MPhil in Economics from the University of Cambridge. DAVIDE ABATE Mr. Davide Abate is Chief Technologies and Infra- structures Officer since January 2022. Previously he held the position of Head of Technologies at Ferrari since October 2020, and various manageri-

[PAGE 146]
146 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F al roles in the manufacturing area such as Head of Prototype Construction from 2017 to 2020. Prior to joining Ferrari in 2012, he covered technical mana- gerial roles at Ducati Motor Holding. Mr. Abate holds the Ferrari Corporate Executive MBA from the Bologna Business School and a master in Process Engineering at Bocconi School of Management, as well as a masters’ degree in Automotive Engineering from the Turin Polytechnic. ANDREA ANTICHI Mr. Andrea Antichi was appointed Chief Manufacturing Officer in January 2022. Previously he was Head of Vehicle at Ferrari since June 2018. During his career he covered various managerial roles at Ferrari in the manufacturing area such as Head of Engine Assembly and Machining from 2014 to 2018 and Engine Assembly and Machining Process Engineering Manager from 2008 to 2013. Prior to join- ing Ferrari in 2006, he held technical roles in Piaggio and researcher in Computational Biomechanics at Istituti Ortopedici Rizzoli. Mr. Antichi holds the Ferrari Corporate Executive MBA from the Bologna Business School, as well as a masters’ degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Pisa. MICHELE ANTONIAZZI Mr. Michele Antoniazzi is Chief Human Resources Officer since April 2016. Before joining Ferrari, he held several senior roles in Magneti Marelli, becom- ing the Human Resources Director of the Automotive Lighting business line in 2012. Prior to that experi- ence he was the Human Resources Director of the Suspension Systems business line from 2009 to 2012 and the Head of Organizational Development for the Sector Magneti Marelli from 2006 to 2012. He graduated from the University of Padova with a degree in Industrial and Organizational Psychology. CARLO DANEO Mr. Carlo Daneo was appointed as our General Counsel in July 2015, as a member of the Board of Directors of Ferrari North America Inc. in February 2017, as a member of the Supervisory Body of Ferrari S.p.A. in August 2015 and Data Protection Officer of the Ferrari Group in February 2018. Prior to joining Ferrari, he held several senior positions in the FCA legal area, including the role of Senior Vice President and Legal Counsel in Finance and Financial Services of FCA from 2008 until 2015 and the role of General Counsel in Fiat Chrysler Finance S.p.A. (pre- viously Fiat Finance S.p.A.) from 2003 to 2015. He started his career in 1995 with a work experience at the United Nations at the International Trade Center Unctad / WTO in Geneva and since 1996 in the le- gal profession in law firms with experience in the Corporate, Finance and Capital Markets areas in pri- mary international law firms in Italy and abroad until 2003. He graduated in Law at the University of Turin, did a master’s degree organized by the University Institute of European Studies in international law at the International Labour Organization of Turin and obtained the title of Lawyer. ALFONSO FUGGETTA Mr. Alfonso Fuggetta was appointed Chief Digital Transformation Officer of Ferrari in November 2024. After an initial role in the world of consultan- cy, Fuggetta joined Cefriel as a researcher in 1988, where he took on increasingly senior positions un- til becoming CEO and scientific director from 2003 to 2024. Cefriel is a digital innovation centre com- prising around 150 professionals in addition to the Politecnico di Milano, three other universities, 17 multinational companies and the Lombardy Region. In 1992 he was appointed associate professor at the Politecnico di Milano, where in 2000 he assumed the role of full professor of computer science. Fuggetta has also been visiting professor at NTNU (Trondheim, Norway), University of Colorado, Boulder (USA) and the Institute for Software Research, University of California, Irvine (USA). He was program co- chair of the International Conference on Software Engineering (ICSE 1997, Boston) and a member of the editorial board of ACM TOSEM, one of the most important scientific journals in the sector. In 2023, he was included in the top 2% of researchers in the world ranking drawn up by Stanford University and Elsevier. Fuggetta completed a degree in electronic engineering at the Politecnico di Milano in 1982. GIANMARIA FULGENZI Mr. Gianmaria Fulgenzi is Chief Product Development Officer since January 2022. Previously he was Head of GeS Supply Chain of Ferrari since March 2019. He also worked in the product development and manufacturing area, as Head of Rear Engine Car Platform from 2015 to 2019 and Head of Powertrain Production from 2008 to 2010. Prior to joining Ferrari in 2002, he covered technical managerial roles at PiaggioAero Industries. Mr. Fulgenzi holds a master in Management from the London Business School, as well as a masters’ degree in Aerospace Engineering from the Turin Polytechnic. ENRICO GALLIERA Mr. Enrico Galliera was appointed as our Chief Marketing and Commercial Officer in April 2010. From 1990 to 2010 he worked for Barilla S.p.A, where he held multiple positions, ultimately becom- ing Europe and export market unit director. During his time at Barilla S.p.A., Mr. Galliera also served as director of customer business development for Europe, general manager for South West Europe and trade marketing director for Italy. Mr. Galliera holds a degree in economics and political science from the University of Parma.

[PAGE 147]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 147 BOARD REPORT LORENZO GIORGETTI Mr. Lorenzo Giorgetti was appointed Chief Racing Revenue Officer in February 2023. His career has seen him gain extensive experience in growing businesses across sports clubs, the media and the world of luxury. Prior to joining Ferrari, he was Chief Commercial Officer at AC Milan; he has also been Head of Licensing for major sporting events, such as the Turin 2006 Winter Olympic Games and Milan Cortina 2026. From 2007 to 2017, he led the com- mercial management of RCS Media Group’s sports division, where he was also CEO of the UAE sport branch and is currently a member of the board of the Global Esports Federation. He graduated in en- gineering from the Politecnico di Milano and has an MBA from SDA Bocconi. ERNESTO LASALANDRA Mr. Ernesto Lasalandra is Chief Research & Development Officer since January 2022. He joined Ferrari from his previous role as Group VP R&D General Manager in STMicroelectronics, where over the past decades he covered roles of increasing re- sponsibilities in Product Development and R&D. Mr. Lasalandra holds a degree in Electronic Engineering from University of Pavia. MARIA CARLA LIUNI Ms. Maria Carla Liuni joined Ferrari as Chief Brand Officer in September 2022. Previously, she was Chief Marketing Officer at Pandora, where she played a key part in relaunching the company and boosting its desirability. She has also led Bulgari’s marketing division and global communications. In addition, she spent almost 20 years at Procter & Gamble, where she was General Manager of the Prestige division which includes perfume, makeup and skincare for brands such as Dolce & Gabbana, Gucci and Hugo Boss. This encompassed multiple roles including Regional Leader for the Asia-Pacific region and lead- ing on marketing, communication and product devel- opment for the entire portfolio, working closely with the fashion houses. She graduated in economics at Rome’s Luiss University and has a master’s degree in marketing from the IPSOA business school in Milan. MARCO LOVATI Mr. Marco Lovati is Chief Internal Audit, Risk and Compliance Officer since December 2023, Chief Internal Audit Officer since April 2015 and a member of the Supervisory Body of Ferrari S.p.A. since July 2014. Prior to such assignment he spent 14 years in the Internal Audit and Compliance department of Fiat Group and FCA, where he covered several senior positions including the role of “Financial & Insurance Companies, Luxury Cars” and “Automotive Europe & Financial JV Companies” Head of Audit, also serving as member of the Supervisory Body of different Fiat Group and FCA legal entities. Mr. Marco Lovati gradu- ated in Economics and Business Administration from the University of Turin and holds an MBA in Finance jointly organized by the University of Turin and the Italian Association of Finance Directors (ANDAF). FLAVIO MANZONI Mr. Flavio Manzoni was appointed as our Chief Design Officer in January 2010. From 2007 to 2010 he was Director of Creative Design at the Volkswagen Group where he was involved in designing most of the Skoda, Bentley, Bugatti and Volkswagen recent cars as well as redefining the aesthetic philosophy of these brands. From 2001 to 2006, he worked at Fiat Group as Head of Design for Lancia, Fiat and LCV. He has also held design positions at Lancia and Seat. Mr. Manzoni holds a degree in architecture with a thesis in indus- trial design from the University of Florence. On June 28, 2019, at the University of Sassari, he was awarded an honorary master’s degree in “Humanities, Modern Philology and Cultural Industry”. FRANCESCA MONTINI Ms. Francesca Montini is Chief Communications Officer since April 2023. She joined Ferrari in January 2018 as Head of Brand and Corporate Communications. Over her career, Ms. Montini has built a strong international profile in corporate and brand communications working across multiple markets (Europe, the Middle East and the U.S.A.) and a variety of powerful global brands, including Nike, Nokia, Ford, Jeep and Ferrari. Ms. Montini holds a Masters degree in Corporate Communications from University of Rome, La Sapienza and the Ferrari Corporate Executive MBA from the Bologna Business School. ANGELO PESCI Mr. Angelo Pesci is Chief Purchasing & Quality Officer since January 2022. Angelo Pesci joined Ferrari from STMicroelectronics, where over the past decades he covered roles of increasing re- sponsibilities in Financial Planning, Supply Chain and Product Planning, Services and Operations. Mr. Pesci holds a Master in Business Administration from SDA Bocconi, as well as a masters’ degree in Physics from University of Trieste. FRÉDÉRIC VASSEUR Mr. Frédéric Vasseur was born in Draveil, France on May 28, 1968. In 1995, he graduated in Aeronautical Engineering at ESTACA (École Supérieure des Techniques Aéronautiques et de Construction Automobile) in Paris. In 1992, while still studying, he established RPM, preparing Formula 3 engines for Renault. In 1996, he set up the ASM team, racing in Formula 3. He ran the operation up to 2015, win- ning various titles including the French one in 1998

[PAGE 148]
148 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F with David Saelens at the wheel, going on to win the European title four times between 2004 and 2007, with Jamie Green, Lewis Hamilton, Paul Di Resta and Romain Grosjean. In 2004, he created a second team, ART Grand Prix, winning eighth teams’ cham- pionships across GP2 and GP3 and eleven drivers’ titles including clinching the 2016 GP3 crown with Charles Leclerc. An enquiring mind and a willingness to explore new avenues led Vasseur to set up AOTech in 2010, a company specialising in driving simula- tors and CFD design. Two years later, along came Spark Racing Technology, dealing in the design and manufacture of hybrid and electrical systems. The company secured the contract to supply Formula E chassis, when the category for fully electric sin- gle-seaters was first set up by the FIA (Federation Internationale Automobile) in 2014. Frédéric first ap- peared in the Formula 1 paddock in 2016 as Renault Team Principal. The following year, he moved on to become Managing Director of the Sauber Group, as well as Team Principal of the Alfa Romeo Sauber F1 Team, which morphed into Alfa Romeo Racing in 2019, running Ferrari power units. After the 2022 season, he was asked to take on the role of Scuderia Ferrari Team Principal & General Manager, starting in his new position on January 9, 2023. CORPORATE OFFICES The Company is incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands. It has its official seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, and the place of effective management of the Company is Via Abetone Inferiore n. 4 I-41053 Maranello (MO) Italy. The business address of the Board of Directors and the senior managers is Via Abetone Inferiore n. 4 I-41053 Maranello (MO) Italy. The Company is registered at the Dutch trade register under number 64060977. The Netherlands is the Company’s home mem- ber state for the purposes of the EU Transparency Directive (Directive 2004/109/EC, as amended). INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEM The Company has in place an internal control sys- tem (the “System”), based on the model provided by the COSO Framework (Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission Report – Enterprise Risk Management model) and the prin- ciples of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code, which consists of a set of policies, procedures and organizational structures aimed at identifying, mea- suring, managing and monitoring the principal risks to which the Company is exposed. The System is inte- grated within the organizational and corporate gov- ernance framework adopted by the Company and contributes to the protection of corporate assets, as well as to ensuring the efficiency and effectiveness of business processes, reliability of financial infor- mation and compliance with laws, regulations, the Articles of Association and internal procedures. The System, which has been developed on the basis of international best practices, relies on the so called “Three Levels of Controls Model” as referred to and outlined in the “Risk Management Process and Internal Control Systems” section of this Report. PRINCIPAL CHARACTERISTICS OF THE INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEM AND INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING The Company has in place a system of risk man- agement and internal control over financial report- ing based on the model provided by the COSO Framework, according to which the internal control system is defined as a set of rules, procedures and tools designed to provide reasonable assurance of the achievement of corporate objectives. In relation to the financial reporting process, reliability, accuracy, completeness and timeliness of the information contribute to the achievement of such corporate objectives. Risk management is an integral part of the internal control system. A peri- odic evaluation of the system of internal control over financial reporting is designed to ensure the over- all effectiveness of the components of the COSO Framework (control environment, risk assessment, control activities, information and communication, and monitoring) in achieving those objectives. The Company has a system of administrative and accounting procedures in place that ensure a high degree of reliability in the system of internal control over financial reporting. The approach adopted by the Company for the evaluation, monitoring and continuous updating of the system of internal control over financial report- ing, is based on a “top-down, risk-based” process consistent with the COSO Framework. This enables focus on areas of higher risk and/or materiality, where there is risk of significant errors, including those attributable to fraud, in the elements of the financial statements and related documents. The key components of the process are: • identification and evaluation of the source and probability of material errors in elements of fi- nancial reporting; • assessment of the adequacy of key controls in enabling ex-ante or ex-post identification of po- tential misstatements in elements of financial re- porting; and • verification of the operating effectiveness of controls based on the assessment of the risk of misstatement in financial reporting, with testing focused on areas of higher risk. Identification and evaluation of the risk of misstate- ments which could have material effects on financial reporting is carried out through a risk assessment process that uses a top-down approach to identify the organizational entities, processes and the relat- ed accounts, in addition to specific activities, which could potentially generate significant errors. Under

[PAGE 149]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 149 BOARD REPORT the methodology adopted by the Company, risks and related controls are associated with the accounting and business processes upon which accounting in- formation is based. Significant risks identified through the assess- ment process require definition and evaluation of key controls that address those risks, thereby mit- igating the possibility that financial reporting will contain any material misstatements. In accordance with international best practices, the Group has two principal types of control in place: • controls that operate at Group or subsidiary lev- el, such as delegation of authorities and respon- sibilities, separation of duties, and assignment of access rights to information technology sys- tems; and • controls that operate at process level, such as authorizations, reconciliations, verification of consistencies, etc. This category includes con- trols for operating processes, controls for finan- cial closing processes and cross-sector controls carried out by captive service providers. These controls can be preventive (i.e., designed to pre- vent errors or fraud that could result in mis- statements in financial reporting) or detective (i.e., designed to reveal errors or fraud that have already occurred). They may also be classified as manual or automatic, such as application-based controls relating to the technical characteristics and configuration of information technology systems supporting business activities. An assessment of the design and operating effec- tiveness of key controls is carried out through tests performed by the Internal Audit department, both at group and subsidiary level, using sampling tech- niques recognized as best practices internationally. The assessment of the controls may require the definition of compensating controls and plans for remediation and improvement. The results of moni- toring are subject to periodic review by the manager responsible for the Company’s financial reporting and communicated by him to senior management and to the Audit Committee (which in turn reports to the Board of Directors). Our risk management and internal control sys- tem includes a department tasked with coordinating the system as a whole: the Internal Audit, Risk and Compliance Department, which reports directly to the CEO and works to ensure, in an integrated man- ner, that business operations are conducted with transparency, in the interests of shareholders and all stakeholders. For additional information relating to the Internal Audit, Risk and Compliance Department see the “Risk Management Process and Internal Control System— Ferrari’s Organization of the Internal Control and Risk Management System”. The Internal Control Committee meets at least on a quarterly basis and is composed of the CFO (Chairman), the General Counsel, the Chief Digital Transformation Officer (formerly: Chief Digital & Data Officer) the Chief Internal Audit, Risk and Compliance Officer, the Chief Human Resources Officer, the Chief Accounting Officer, Investor Relations and Sustainability, Group SOX, Enterprise Risk Management, Compliance, Tax Risk Manager and Enterprise Cybersecurity. CODE OF CONDUCT AND COMPANY POLICIES CODE OF CONDUCT We have adopted, at a group level, a Code of Conduct which applies to all of our employees, including our principal executive, principal financial and principal accounting officers. It also applies to the Company’s subsidiaries and other individuals or companies that act in the name and on behalf of the Company. Our Code of Conduct is available on our website at https://cdn.ferrari.com/cms/network/media/pdf/ codice_condotta_ferrari_eng_def.pdf. Ferrari’s Code of Conduct was updated in February 2023, also strengthening the reference to ESG aspects, with the approval by the Board of Directors of Ferrari N.V. Should any further amendments, or should any waiver be granted under, the Code of Conduct, this will be disclosed in accordance with the applicable rules and regulations. The Code of Conduct represents a set of val- ues recognized, adhered to and promoted by the Company which understands that conduct based on the principles of diligence, integrity and fairness is an important driver of social and economic development. The Code of Conduct is a pillar of the gover- nance system, which regulates the decision-making processes and operating approach of the Company and its employees in the interests of sustainable long-term value creation while taking into account the impact the actions have on people and the envi- ronment and to that end weighs the stakeholder interests that are relevant in this context. Explicit reference is made to the UN’s Universal Declaration on Human Rights, the principal Conventions of the International Labor Organization (ILO) and the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises. Furthermore, the Code of Conduct provides for the guiding principles relating to: health and safety, business ethics and anticorruption, antitrust, human resource management and the central role of the individual and the respect of human rights, personal data privacy, conflicts of interest, the importance of the Community, of the environment and, in general terms, of sustainability. The Company promotes adoption of the Code of Conduct as a best practice standard of business conduct by partners, suppliers, agents, dealers and any other business partner. In fact, the Company’s contracts worldwide include specific clauses relat- ing to recognition and adherence to the principles underlying the Code of Conduct and related guide- lines, as well as compliance with local regulations.

[PAGE 150]
150 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F The Company closely monitors the effectiveness of and compliance with the Code of Conduct, with the help of the Group Compliance department. Violations of the Code of Conduct are usually deter- mined through, among other things: periodic activi- ties of compliance monitoring carried out by Group Compliance department, periodic and/or specific activities carried out by the Internal Audit depart- ment of the Group; the whistleblowing reports and management procedures and checks forming part of the standard operating procedures. Periodic re- porting is provided to the Chairman and CEO as well as to the Audit Committee. For all Code of Conduct violations, the disciplinary measures taken are com- mensurate with the seriousness of the case and comply with local legislation. The relevant corporate departments are notified of violations, irrespective of whether criminal action is taken by the authorities. The Internal Audit department of the Group should inform the Board of Directors and the chairman of the Audit Committee without delay if, during the per- formance of its duties, it discovers or suspects an instance of material misconduct or irregularity. If the actual or suspected material misconduct or ir- regularity pertains to the functioning of one or more Directors, the Internal Audit department should re- port this to the Chairman. More detailed information about the Code of Conduct, among which compliance therewith in 2024, is included in the Sustainability Statement sec- tion of our 2024 Annual Report. INSIDER TRADING POLICY Since 2016, the Company has adopted an insider trading policy (the “Insider Trading Policy”) govern- ing, among other things, the purchase, sale and oth- er dispositions of securities issued by the Company by all Directors, officers and employees of the Group and designed to promote compliance with appli- cable insider trading laws, rules and regulations as well as with the applicable listing standards. A copy of the Insider Trading Policy can be found under Exhibit 11.1 to this Form 20-F. CYBERSECURITY CYBERSECURITY RISK MANAGEMENT AND STRATEGY Ferrari recognizes the importance of assessing, identifying, and managing material risks associated with cybersecurity threats, as such term is defined in Item 106(a) of Regulation S-K. These risks include, among other things: operational risks, intellectual property theft, fraud, extortion, harm to employees or customers and violation of data privacy or secu- rity laws. The identification, assessment and man- agement of cybersecurity risk is integrated into our Enterprise Risk Management process, which in turn operates within the overall Ferrari Internal Control and Risk Management System. Cybersecurity risks related to our business, technical operations, pri- vacy and compliance issues including any Ferrari confidential information about vehicles, services, projects and all non-public activities related to Racing Department, employees, clients and fans personal data are identified and addressed through a multi-faceted approach, through e.g. red-teaming, pentesting, friendly phishing and 3rd party-man- aged cyber security posture analysis. Dealers’ and suppliers’ cybersecurity risks are evaluated in a sim- ilar way, as further explained below. To defend, detect and respond to cybersecurity incidents, we, among other things, conduct proac- tive privacy and cybersecurity reviews of systems and applications, including yearly attack exercises to test our cybersecurity posture, audit applicable data policies, perform penetration testing using external third-party tools, techniques and security service providers to test our posture, operate a bug bounty program to encourage proactive vulnerabil- ity reporting. We also conduct continuous training to employees with in class sessions, online training, at least monthly “security pills” (i.e., email to all users to inform them e.g. of running phishing, campaigns, cyberattacks against suppliers, or stories about cybersecurity events, with the goal of improving end user awareness), friendly phishing campaigns and dedicated one-to-one support and advisory for any cybersecurity question or doubt. Furthermore, our team monitors emerging laws and regulations related to data protection and information security (including Operational Technology (OT) and vehicles) and implements appropriate changes and collab- orates with technical and business stakeholders across our business units to further analyze the risk to the company, and define detection, mitigation and remediation strategies. Once identified, cybersecurity events and data incidents are collected, evaluated, ranked by sever- ity and prioritized for response and remediation, including based on materiality, operational, busi- ness and privacy impact. Our incident response and breach management processes have four overar- ching and interconnected stages: 1) preparation for a cybersecurity incident, 2) detection and analysis of a security incident, 3) containment, eradication and recovery, and 4) post-incident analysis. To protect its shareholders and stakeholders, starting from 2019 Ferrari has implemented a cyber insurance program that covers damages directly caused by hacking attacks, system failures and other cybersecurity events (loss of profit, costs and expenses, restoration costs), as well as damages incurred by third parties following a breach of secu- rity and/or confidentiality of personal data. THIRD PARTY ENGAGEMENT As part of our risk management and strategies de- scribed above, we regularly engage external audi- tors and consultants to assess our compliance with applicable practices and standards, including for

[PAGE 152]
152 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F UNECE R155, SOX, NYDFS500 certification for cy- bersecurity of financial services as well as for assis- tance with periodic security assessments such as penetration testing, continuous and automatic vul- nerability assessment, email and web filtering, end- point and infrastructure protection, data loss pre- vention, authentication systems, and advisory and support on certain cybersecurity enhancements. Worldwide primary cybersecurity companies are frequently involved. These partnerships enable us to leverage specialized knowledge, insights and training, ensuring our cybersecurity strategies and processes remain aligned with fast evolving risk scenarios and new technologies. SUPPLIERS’ SECURITY PROFILE To oversee and identify cybersecurity threats asso- ciated with third parties, Ferrari has implemented an evaluation process of suppliers’ security profile. Starting from the initial supplier evaluation, cyberse- curity posture is evaluated through a specific ques- tionnaire which contains different requirements depending on the type of goods/services provid- ed. Depending on the outcome of the question- naire, certain suppliers are audited in person by the Ferrari Internal Audit Department, which analyzes a supplier’s main risks and, together with the supplier, defines (and monitors) action plans to close or re- duce the identified security gaps. At the end of the evaluation process, a cybersecurity maturity rank- ing is assigned, verified with a risk-based approach. The resulting risk profile is among the criteria used to assign the bid. Suppliers are formally required to inform Ferrari, through a dedicated channel, of cyber inci- dents they suffer. Ferrari also hires additional cyber- security services to be promptly and independently informed of suppliers’ cyber incidents and trigger the incident management process. DEALERS’ SECURITY PROFILE Dealers undergo a cybersecurity evaluation and as- sessment similar to that described above for suppliers, albeit using a different cybersecurity questionnaire. Any final action plans are agreed with the dealership management. Same as suppliers, dealers are re- quired to inform Ferrari Enterprise Cybersecurity in case of cyberincidents, and are subject to a monitor- ing process performed by Internal Audit. CYBERSECURITY GOVERNANCE & REPORTING Cybersecurity management is governed by the fol- lowing departments and committees: • Enterprise Cybersecurity: the department is re- sponsible for the cybersecurity of the Group, in- cluding information technology (IT), operational technology (OT) and vehicle cybersecurity. The Head of Enterprise Cybersecurity, who joined Ferrari in 2019, has a degree in legal informat- ics, an Executive MBA and over 10 years of expe- rience in primary companies with a multi-year role also as Data Privacy Officer. The Head of Enterprise Cybersecurity reports to the Chief Digital Transformation Officer (CDTO) and also has a direct link to the CEO. For additional informa- tion relating to the CDTO’s qualifications see the “—Ferrari Leadership Team” within this section. • Internal Control Committee (ICC): it meets peri- odically to monitor, evaluate and discuss Group enterprise cross-risks and approve related initia- tives, including cybersecurity risks, status on ad- dressing and/or mitigating those risks, cyberse- curity and data privacy incidents (if any) and status on cybersecurity initiatives. It is composed of ex- ecutives and C - level executives representing the Enterprise Cybersecurity, Digital Transformation, Legal, Finance, Internal Audit, Compliance and Risk (which includes Enterprise Risk Management) and Human Resources departments. • Cyber Crisis Committee (CCC): it comes into play in case of significant cyber incidents. It is composed by Enterprise Cybersecurity de- partments and C-level executives represent- ing the Digital Transformation, Legal, Finance, Communication, and Compliance departments as well as, depending on the individual case, the relevant internal business functions (e.g. Sales, Purchasing, Design and Racing). • Audit Committee: it is the Committee appointed by Board of Directors to oversee the implementation and maintenance of an adequate risk manage- ment and internal control system, receives regular reporting on most relevant risks and reviews and monitors the effectiveness of controls on these risks, including cyber risks. It invites the Head of Enterprise Cybersecurity and CDTO to report and discuss about cybersecurity at a committee meet- ing at least once a year. With the same frequency the Board of Directors is informed of cyberse- curity strategy, governance and management. Further information about the Audit Committee is included in the Corporate Governance section. In addition to the previous committees, the CEO is directly and immediately informed of any material incidents and has direct contact with the Head of Enterprise Cybersecurity at least monthly. CYBER INCIDENTS Ferrari considers as cyber incident any event that negatively affects the confidentiality, integrity, and/ or availability (CIA) at an organization in a way that impacts or could significantly impact the business. Among the cyber incidents tracked by Ferrari in 2024 (e.g. PC thefts, smartphone losses, fraud or impersonation attempts, hacking attempts, viruses, insiders, human errors, hacked suppliers or dealers, etc.) none has been considered critical or has signifi- cantly impacted the business.

[PAGE 153]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 153 BOARD REPORT DIVERSITY POLICY The Board of Directors adopted an updated diver- sity policy for the Board of Directors (the “Diversity Policy”) effective as of September 14, 2023, since the Company believes that diversity in the composition of the Board of Directors in terms of age, sex, gen- der, nationality, expertise, experience, competen- cies, or other personal qualities, and cultural or oth- er background is an important mean of promoting debate, balanced decision making and independent actions of the Board of Directors. The Diversity Policy gives weight to the follow- ing diversity factors in Board of Directors compo- sition age, sex, gender, nationality, expertise, expe- rience, competencies, or other personal qualities, and professional cultural or other background. The Company considers each of these aspects key driv- ers to support the abovementioned goals and to achieve sufficient diversity of views and the exper- tise needed for a proper understanding of current affairs and longer-term risks and opportunities related to the Company’s business. The Board of Directors and its ESG Committee consider such fac- tors when evaluating nominees for election to the Board of Directors and during the annual perfor- mance assessment process. GENDER DIVERSITY TARGETS a) Board of Directors diversity targets The Company has set the following concrete targets to be achieved by 2027: (a) at least 30% of the seats of the Board of Directors to be occupied by women and at least 30% by men; (b) at least 33% of the seats of the non-executive members of the Board of Directors to be occupied by women and at least 33% by men; (c) the nationality of the members of the Board of Directors to be reasonably consistent with the geographic presence of the Company’s business, and no nation- ality should count for more than 60% of the members of the Board of Directors; and (d) diversity in the age of the members of the Board of Directors by having one or more members of the Board of Directors aged under 50 at the day of their nomination; provided that, in the candidate selection process, rules and gener- ally accepted principles of non-discrimination (on grounds such as ethnic origin, race, disability or sex- ual orientation) will be taken into account. Given the current composition of the Board of the Company in one-tier system, composed only by two (2) executive directors (of the same gender), the Company has de- cided not to set a specific gender diversity target for executive directors in the Policy while targets have been set for the Board of Directors as a whole. To ensure its correct implementation, the Diversity Policy will be taken into account in the nomi- nation of executive Directors, and in the adoption of a profile for non-executive Directors as well as in nom- inating and recommending non-executive Directors. As of December 31, 2024, the Company has achieved (i) the gender targets of the non-executive members of the Board of Directors, (ii) the target on nationality and (iii) the age target. Due to the appoint- ment of one extra male to the Board of Directors com- pared to 2023, the percentage of women in the Board as a whole has dropped just below the 30% target. Please find below a chart representing the Board’s gender and age as of December 31, 2024. BOARD MEMBERS BY AGE GROUP AND GENDER December 31, 2024 Directors 30-50 >50 Total Total % Male 1 7 8 73% Female 1 2 3 27% Other — — — —% Not disclosed — — — —% Total 2 9 11 100% b) Manager Diversity Targets (sub-top) & Diversity and Inclusion Practice Ferrari places people at its core. We believe in the importance of inclusion and the enhancement of di- versity and continuously improve our people strate- gies in order to maintain an engaging, meritocratic and fair environment, in which all Ferrari people can and want to do their best. Equal opportunities are the best way to ensure that merit is the decisive factor to keep on attracting, retaining and developing the talents, accelerating Ferrari’s innovation process. In order to guarantee equal opportunities, our Company operates a merit-based remuneration policy, not discriminating on the basis of gender, age, nationality, social status or cultural background. In addition, Ferrari S.p.A. started an in-depth analy- sis on remuneration, which led, in July 2020, to the award of the Equal Salary Certificate for providing equal pay to men and women with the same quali- fications and positions in the Company. This certifi- cation, which has a 3-year validity cycle (a main audit

[PAGE 154]
154 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F in the first year followed by annual monitoring in the second and third years), has been extended at global level in 2023 and confirmed in 2024. It testifies the Company’s commitment to creating an inclusive and diverse working environment while fostering career development for all. Ferrari sees this certifi- cation not as an end point but as a further stage of growth and an opportunity to implement tangible actions to ensure that everyone can pursue his or her own professional development. In addition to that, in December 2024, Ferrari S.p.A. received the gender equality certification issued under Italian UNI/PdR 125:2022, a gender equality practice which defines the guidelines on the management system for gender equality and for the structuring and adoption of a set of perfor- mance indicators (KPIs) inherent to gender equal- ity policies on organizations, in six strategic areas including (i) culture and strategy; (ii) governance; (iii) human resources (HR) management processes; (iv) opportunities for growth and inclusion of women in business; (v) gender pay equity and (vi) parental pro- tection and work-life balance. Reflecting Ferrari’s ambition for diversity and inclusion across the Company, in 2023, the Board of Directors adopted a diversity and inclusion practice (the “Diversity and Inclusion Practice”), and, in 2024, the Company’s CEO executed the “Policy for Gender Equality and Diversity & Inclusion”, setting forth D&I principles according to which Ferrari operates. Ferrari Group promotes the valorization of human resources and encourages the diffusion of a corpo- rate culture based on Inclusion and mutual respect in the belief that Diversity represents a source of creativity, enrichment and innovation. In carrying out its activities, the Group adopts an approach aimed at guaranteeing equal opportunities at all levels of the organization as well as rejecting any form of discrim- ination. The Diversity and Inclusion Practice identifies and implements diversity and inclusion principles for the whole employees’ population of Ferrari Group as well as the Board of Directors. Among the actions we have taken to implement the Diversity and Inclusion Practice, the monitoring of diversity in panel of hiring candidates, the analysis of the percentage of men and women involved in remuneration and promotion processes to support with these data the decision making, the definition of clear diversity objectives for all levels in the organization. The continuous monitoring of our target shows that women in managerial positions(33) at December 31, 2017 were 11.8 percent (while women repre- sented 12.2 percent of the total employee popula- tion) and at December 31, 2024 were 16.0 percent (while women represented 16.1 percent of the total employee population). Our goal is to proceed in this direction: indeed we aim to maintain a healthy growth rate in women in managerial positions, considering the percent- age of women in the total employee population. We define as an appropriate target to have at least 18% women in managerial positions by 2027. Our plan to achieve the target is to continue the imple- mentation of initiatives and actions put in place in 2024, as mentioned above fostering the value of diversity in panel of hiring candidates, monitoring the percentage of men and women involved in career plans and salary review, defining clear diversity objectives for all levels in organization. For Ferrari it is important to guarantee equal opportunities at all levels, so the consistency be- tween global percentage and managerial percentage is a key indicator in our diversity strategy. STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT PRACTICE On September 14, 2023, the Board of Directors ad- opted the updated version of the stakeholder en- gagement practice (the “Stakeholder Engagement Practice”), as the Company firmly believes that main- taining a profitable dialogue with its stakeholders, by listening to their expectations and perspectives, is key in the path to sustainable long-term value creation. This Stakeholder Engagement Practice aims at en- hancing Ferrari’s communication with its stakehold- ers and at giving all members of the Board, manag- ers and employees of the Ferrari Group, and anyone else working for it or on its behalf in Italy or any other country, guidelines on the right methods and forms of interaction with such different stakeholders. For more information our stakeholder engage- ment, see the chapter entitled “Stakeholder Engagement” in the Sustainability Statement section of our 2024 Annual Report. PROFILE OF THE NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS In respect of the composition of the Board of Directors, a profile of the non-executive Directors (the “Profile”) has been adopted by the Company. The purpose of this profile is to provide guidance with respect to the composition and expertise of the non-executive Directors. The Profile provides that the Board of Directors shall be composed in such manner that its composition reflects an ade- quate mix of technical abilities, professional back- ground and experience, both general and specific, gained in an international environment and per- taining to the dynamics of the macro-economy and globalization of markets, more generally, as well as the industrial and financial sectors, more specifi- cally. In selecting and nominating new non-execu- tive Directors, the Company shall ensure that such non-executive Directors complement the knowl- edge and experience of the other non-executive Directors and that the independency requirements under the Dutch Corporate Governance Code and the NYSE rules are taken into account. In selecting and nominating new non-executive Directors, the Company shall also ensure that the Diversity Policy, including the gender diversity target ratios as de- scribed under “—Diversity Policy” above, is taken into account. In recommending prospective candi- dates for nomination to the Board of Directors, the ESG Committee shall take into account the Profile.

[PAGE 155]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 155 BOARD REPORT The Profile is posted on our website at https:// corporate.ferrari.com/sites/ferrari15ipo/files/e_ fnv_profile_non-executive_directors_13_09_2018_ clean_final_new_0.pdf. COMPLIANCE WITH DUTCH CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE The Company endorses the principles and best prac- tice provisions of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code, except for the following best practice provi- sions which are explained below: Best practice provision 2.2.4 of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code: The supervisory board should also draw up a retirement schedule in order to avoid, as much as possible, supervisory board members retiring simultaneously. The retirement schedule should be published on the company’s website. The Company does not have a retirement schedule as referred to in best practice provision 2.2.4 of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code, because the Company’s Articles of Association provide for a term of office of member of the Board of Directors for a period of approximately one year after appointment, such period expiring on the day the first annual gen- eral meeting of shareholders is held in the following calendar year. Short terms of office for board mem- bers are customary for companies listed in the U.S. As the Company is listed on the NYSE, the Company also follows certain common U.S. governance prac- tices, one of which is the reappointment of our Directors at each annual general meeting of share- holders. In light of this term of office, the Company does not have a retirement schedule in place. Best practice provision 4.1.8 of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code: Management board and super- visory board members nominated for appointment should attend the general meeting at which votes will be cast on their nomination. Pursuant to best practice provision 4.1.8 of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code, every executive and non-executive Director nominated for appointment should attend the general meeting at which votes will be cast on its nomination. Since, pursuant to Article 14.3 of the Articles of Association, the term of office of Directors is approximately one year, such period expiring on the day the first annual gener- al meeting of shareholders of the Company is held in the following calendar year, all members of the Board of Directors are nominated for (re)appoint- ment each year. By publishing the relevant biograph- ical details and curriculum vitae of each nominee for (re)appointment, the Company ensures that the Company’s general meeting of shareholders is well informed in respect of the nominees for (re)appoint- ment and in practice only the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer and the Vice-Chairman will there- fore be present at the general meeting. Best practice provision 5.1.4 of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code: Neither the audit committee nor the remuneration committee can be chaired by the chairman of the management board or by a former executive director of the company. Our Senior Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Board of Directors, Mr. Duca, is also the Chairperson of the Audit Committee, which is not in line with best practice provision 5.1.4 of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code. The Company believes that Mr. Duca, in light of his extensive experience with audits and his knowledge in this respect, brings a valuable contribution to the Audit Committee and therefore believes it is in Ferrari’s best interest and appropri- ate for Mr. Duca to chair the Audit Committee. Best practice provision 5.1.4 of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code: The committees referred to in best practice 2.3.2 should be comprised exclusively of non-executive directors. Mr. Elkann, our Executive Chairman and Executive Director, has a position on the ESG Committee, to which best practice provision 5.1.4 of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code applies. The position of Mr. Elkann as executive Director in this commit- tee follows inter alia from the duties of the ESG Committee, which are more extensive than the du- ties of a selection and appointment committee and include duties that warrant participation of an exec- utive Director in the view of the Company. ITALIAN CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE As regards the Italian framework for corporate governance, the Company is aware that a corpo- rate governance code (the “Italian CGC”) has been issued by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., applicable to all com- panies with shares listed on Euronext Milan starting from January 2021. As of December 31, 2024, the Company’s cor- porate governance structure is substantially in line with all the principles and recommendations set forth in the Italian CGC, especially due to the fact that the Company has adopted, and complies with, the Dutch Corporate Governance Code, which contains principles and best practice provisions largely sim- ilar to those highlighted in the Italian CGC, exception being made for the following: (a) The independent Chair of the Board of Directors cannot chair the control and risk committee (Article 2, Recommendation no. 7 of the Italian CGC). Our Senior Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Board of Directors, Mr. Duca, is also the Chairperson of the Audit Committee, which is not in line with best practice provision under Article 2, Recommendation no. 7 of the Italian CGC. The Company believes that Mr. Duca, in light of his extensive experience with audits and his knowledge in this respect, brings a valuable

[PAGE 156]
156 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F contribution to the Audit Committee and therefore believes it is in Ferrari’s best interest and appropri- ate for Mr. Duca to chair the Audit Committee. (b) In large companies, the Board of Directors ex- presses its guidelines on the maximum number of offices that can be considered compatible with an effective performance and the time commit- ment required by the role of the directors. The rel- evant offices are those held in corporate bodies of other listed companies or of companies having a significant size (Article 3, Recommendation no. 15 of the Italian CGC) Applicable Dutch corporate law already expressly regulates the maximum number of offices that may be held by directors. Pursuant to Dutch law, persons may not be appointed as non-executive Directors if such persons are non-executive director, member of the supervisory board or other similar bodies for five or more (Dutch) companies of a certain size and such persons cannot be appointed as executive Directors if such persons are non-executive direc- tor at more than two other (Dutch) companies of a certain size or if such person is the chairperson of the board of supervisors or the one tier board of another (Dutch) company of a certain size. Ferrari is compliant with the abovementioned Dutch limits. (c) In large companies, the Board of Directors elab- orates, with the support of the nomination com- mittee, a plan for the succession of the Chief Executive Officer and executive directors by iden- tifying, at least, the procedures to be followed in the event of an early termination of office (Article 4, Recommendation no. 24 of the Italian CGC) The Company’s Board of Directors believes that the members of the Board of Directors itself – chosen and appointed on the basis of their respective ex- pertise, level of professionalism and knowledge of the Company’s business – would be capable to carry out (in the absence, due to early termination of the office, of the Chief Executive Officer and/or any oth- er executive officer) the ordinary business of the Company until the appointment, by the competent corporate body, of the new Chief Executive Officer and/or other executive officer(s). Further, the Company’s Board of Directors believes that the decision whether to adopt a suc- cession plan shall be further analysed bearing in mind the sensitivity of the topic. Furthermore, the Company believes that the overall system of delegated powers adopted by the Company is sufficient to mitigate the risk of a vacancy for an executive Director or a senior manager and ensure the continuity of the Company’s business. The overall system of delegated powers adopted by the Company already includes a succession plan for the top management which in the Company is represented by the Ferrari Leadership Team. The Company believes that the above measures help the Company achieving the objective underlying the Code’s principles and in any case contributes to good corporate governance. Finally, it should be noted that the Company’s Board of Directors has already defined a procedure to be applied for the appointment of, at least, the Chief Executive Officer, which provides for, inter alia, the involvement of, inter alia, a specific committee (i.e., the CEO Search Committee), who will assist the ESG Committee with selecting a new candidate for this office. EXCHANGE CONTROLS Under Dutch law, there are no exchange control restrictions on investments in, or payments on, the Ferrari common shares. There are no special re- strictions in the Ferrari Articles of Association or Dutch law that limit the right of shareholders who are not citizens or residents of the Netherlands to hold or vote the Ferrari common shares. REPORT OF THE NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS INTRODUCTION This is the report of the non-executive Directors of the Company over the financial year 2024, as re- ferred to in best practice provision 5.1.5 of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code, and it provides fur- ther information on the performance of the non-ex- ecutive Directors’ duties throughout 2024. It is the responsibility of the non-executive Directors to supervise the policies carried out by the executive Directors and the general affairs of the Company and its affiliated enterprise, including the implementation of the strategy of the Company regarding sustainable long-term value creation. Inter alia, non-executive Directors should focus on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal risk man- agement and control systems and the integrity and quality of the financial reporting and the sustainabil- ity reporting. It is also the responsibility of the non-ex- ecutive Directors to determine the remuneration of the executive Directors and to nominate candi- dates for the Director appointments. In so doing, the non-executive Directors act solely in the interest of the Company. With a view of maintaining supervision on the Company, the non-executive Directors regu- larly discuss Ferrari’s long-term business plans, the implementation of such plans and the risks associ- ated with such plans with the executive Directors. According to the Articles of Association, the Board of Directors is a single board and consists of three or more members, comprising both members having responsibility for the day-to-day manage- ment of Ferrari (executive Directors) and members not having such day-to-day responsibility (non-ex- ecutive Directors). The tasks of the executive and non-executive Directors in a one-tier board such as

[PAGE 157]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 157 BOARD REPORT the Company’s Board of Directors may be allocated under or pursuant to the Articles of Association, pro- vided that the general meeting of shareholders has stipulated whether such Director is appointed as executive or as non-executive Director and further- more provided that the task to supervise the perfor- mance by the Directors of their duties can only be per- formed by the non-executive Directors. Regardless of an allocation of tasks, all Directors remain col- lectively responsible for the proper management and strategy of the Company (including supervision thereof in case of non-executive Directors). Details of the current composition of the Board of Directors, including the non-executive Directors, and its committees are set forth in the section “Board of Directors”. SUPERVISION BY THE NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS The non-executive Directors supervise the policies carried out by the executive Directors and the gen- eral affairs of the Company and its affiliated enter- prise. In so doing, the non-executive Directors have also focused on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal risk management and control systems, the integrity and quality of the financial reporting and Ferrari’s long-term business plans, the implementa- tion of such plans and the risks associated. The non-executive Directors also determine the remuneration of the executive Directors and nom- inate candidates for the Director appointments. Furthermore, the Board of Directors may allocate certain specific responsibilities to one or more indi- vidual Directors or to a committee comprised of eli- gible Directors of the Company and subsidiaries of the Company. In this respect, the Board of Directors has allocated certain specific responsibilities to the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the ESG Committee. Further details on the man- ner in which these committees have carried out their duties, are set forth in the sections “The Audit Committee”, “The Compensation Committee” and “The ESG Committee”. The non-executive Directors supervised the adoption and implementation of the strategies and policies by the Group, reviewed this annual report, including the Compensation Report and the Group’s financial results, received updates on legal and compliance matters and they have been regularly involved in the review and approval of transactions entered into with related parties. The non-execu- tive Directors have also reviewed the reports of the Board of Directors and its committees and the rec- ommendations for the appointment of Directors. MEETINGS AND ATTENDANCE During 2024, there were four meetings of the Board of Directors. The average attendance at those meet- ings was 95.46 percent. Members of the FLT were in- vited to give presentations to the Board of Directors. Portions of these meetings took place with the par- ticipation of the non-executive Directors only, without the executive Directors or any other attendees being present, in order for the non-executive Directors to independently review and discuss certain matters. In addition, the Senior Non-Executive Director and the Chief Executive Officer held regular one-to-one meet- ings to discuss progress and key topics. Members of the Board of Directors had contact with various levels of management to ensure that they remained well-informed about the Company’s operations. All non-executive Directors set aside adequate time to give sufficient attention to the Company’s matters. An overview of the attendance of the individual Directors per meeting of the Board of Directors and its committees set out against the total number of such meetings is set out below: Name Meeting Board of Directors Audit Committee ESG Committee Compensation Committee John Elkann 4/4 — 1/1 — Benedetto Vigna 4/4 — — — Piero Ferrari 4/4 w — 1/1 Sergio Duca 4/4 6/6 — — Delphine Arnault 3/4 — 1/1 — Francesca Bellettini 3/4 5/6 — — Eddy Cue 4/4 — 1/1 1/1 John Galantic 4/4 — — 1/1 Maria Patrizia Grieco 4/4 6/6 — — Adam Keswick 4/4 — — — Mike Volpi 4/4 — — —

[PAGE 158]
158 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F BOARD FOCUS During these meetings, key topics discussed were, amongst others: the Group’s strategy, the Group’s financial results and reporting, sustainability, acqui- sitions and divestments, executive compensation, technological developments, risk management, up- dates on legal and compliance, risk management, hu- man resources with the Head of Human Resources, implementation of the Remuneration Policy and the compensation report. The non-executive Directors were actively involved in the process of reviewing strategic and growth projects for the Company. INDEPENDENCE OF THE NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS The non-executive Directors are required by Dutch law to act solely in the interest of the Company. The Dutch Corporate Governance Code stipulates the corporate governance rules relating to the inde- pendence of non-executive Directors and requires under most circumstances that a majority of the non-executive Directors be “independent”. Currently, nine out of nine non-executive Directors are considered to be independent under the NYSE definition while eight non-executive Directors are considered to be independent under the Dutch Corporate Governance Code given the right of usu- fruct Mr. Pierro Ferrari holds over shares (including the right to exercise the voting rights of such shares) held by Trust Piero Ferrari (as described in this Annual Report). Mr. Sergio Duca, the Senior Non-Executive Director of the Board of Directors, is independent under the Dutch Corporate Governance Code in accordance with best practice provision 2.1.9 of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code. Ferrari is of the opinion that the independency requirements as referred to in best practice pro- vision 2.1.10 of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code are met by the Company. EVALUATION BY THE NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS The non-executive Directors are responsible for su- pervising the Board of Directors and its committees, as well as the individual executive and non-executive Directors, and are assisted by the ESG Committee in this respect. Each year, the Board of Directors formally assesses its performance, including with respect to its composition, diversity and how effec- tively its members work together, with the aim of helping to improve the effectiveness of the function- ing of the Board of Directors and its committees. In accordance with the ESG Committee Charter, the ESG Committee assists and advises the Board of Directors with respect to periodic assessment of the performance of individual Directors. In this respect, the ESG Committee has, amongst others, the duties and responsibilities to review annually the Board of Directors’ performance and the performance of its committees and to review each Director’s continua- tion on the Board of Directors at appropriate regular intervals as determined by the ESG Committee. In 2024, the ESG Committee’s periodic assessments took place during the meeting held on February 15. During that meeting, the ESG Committee focused on the results of the periodic assessments and the performance of the Board of Directors, its committees and the individual Directors, keeping also into account the self-as- sessment prepared by each Director. During such meeting and on the basis of such evaluations, the ESG Committee dealt also with the directors’ nom- ination process, the assessment of Directors’ qual- ifications, the size and composition of the Board of Directors and its committees, as well as the recom- mendations for Directors’ election, in which the out- come of the evaluations has been reflected. The non-executive Directors have been regu- larly informed by each committee as referred to in best practice provision 2.3.5 of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code and the conclusions of those committee were taken into account when drafting this report of the non-executive Directors. The non-executive Directors were able to review and evaluate the performance of the Audit Committee, the ESG Committee and the Compensation Committee based on the assess- ments made by the ESG Committee. The self-assess- ment of the Committees were also discussed by the Board of Directors. The outcome of the evaluations is that there is no need to amend the size or compo- sition of the Audit Committee, the ESG Committee and the Compensation Committee, nor is there any reason to amend their charters on this basis. Further details on the manner in which these com- mittees have carried out their duties, are set forth in sections “The Audit Committee”, “The Compensation Committee” and “The ESG Committee”. On the basis of the preparations by the ESG Committee, the non-executive Directors were able to review the Board of Director’s assessments, the individual Directors’ assessments and the recom- mendation for Directors’ election. The Board of Directors concluded that each of the Directors con- tinues to demonstrate commitment to its respective role in the Company. Also, pursuant to the Compensation Committee Charter, the Compensation Committee implements and oversees the remuneration policy as it applies to non-executive Directors, executive Directors and senior officers reporting directly to the exec- utive Directors. The Compensation Committee administers all the equity incentive plans and the deferred compensation benefits plans. On the basis of the assessments performed, the non-executive Directors determine the remuneration of the exec- utive Directors and nominate candidates for the Director appointments. The non-executive Directors have supervised the performance of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the ESG Committee.

[PAGE 159]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 159 BOARD REPORT RESPONSIBILITIES IN RESPECT TO THE ANNUAL REPORT The Board of Directors is responsible for preparing the Annual Report, inclusive of the Consolidated and Company Financial Statements and Board Report, in accordance with Dutch law and International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board and as adopted by the European Union (IFRS Accounting Standards). In accordance with Section 5:25c, paragraph 2 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act, the Board of Directors states that, to the best of its knowl- edge, the Consolidated and Company Financial Statements prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as adopted by the European Union provide a true and fair view of the assets, lia- bilities, financial position and profit or loss for the year of the Company and its subsidiaries and that the Board Report provides a true and a fair view of the performance of the business during the finan- cial year and the position at the balance sheet date of the Company and its subsidiaries, together with a description of the principal risks and uncertainties that the Company and the Group face. February 20, 2025 [Board of Directors] John Elkann Benedetto Vigna Piero Ferrari Sergio Duca Delphine Arnault Francesca Bellettini Eddy Cue John Galantic Maria Patrizia Grieco Adam Keswick Mike Volpi

[PAGE 165]
165 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT INDEX ESRS 2 – General disclosures 166 E1 – Climate change 209 E2 – Pollution 240 E5 – Resource use 242 and circular economy S1 – Own workforce 247 S2 – Workers in the value chain 269 S3 – Affected communities 272 S4 – Consumers 276 and End-users G1 – Business Conduct 283

[PAGE 166]
166 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F ESRS 2 – GENERAL DISCLOSURES BASIS FOR PREPARATION Through this Sustainability Statement, we aim to provide our stakeholders with sustainability-related information and illustrate our sustainability strategy and our corporate social responsibility initiatives in 2024 (from January 1, 2024, to December 31, 2024) to ensure a transparent and structured communi- cation with our stakeholders. This Sustainability Statement is prepared for the first time in accordance with the requirements from the European Sustainability Reporting Standard (ESRS) issued by the European Financial Reporting Advisory Group (EFRAG). While the Dutch implementation of the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) is still pending, we believe in proactive sustainabil- ity reporting and have chosen to voluntarily prepare our reports in accordance with the CSRD standards. Several operating departments of the Group have been actively involved in the process of data gathering and report drafting to shape this Statement. This was pre- pared under the supervision of Ferrari Group’s Chief Financial Officer and was shared with the Executive Officers of the Group and with the ESG Committee of the Board of Directors. The IROs (defined as Impacts, Risks and Opportunities) were approved by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. This Statement has been prepared on a consoli- dated basis. The scope of consolidation corresponds to Ferrari N.V.’s Consolidated Financial Statements. The Sustainability Statement covers our upstream and downstream value chain with respect to policies and actions related to material IROs identified along our value chain (for more details refer to “ESRS 2 – General disclosures—Impacts, risks and opportu- nities management”), and GHG Scope 3 emissions metrics (please refer to “E1 – Climate change—Our GHG Emissions” paragraph). We did not use the option to omit a specific piece of information corresponding to intellectual prop- erty know-how or the results of innovation and any exemption from disclosure of impending develop- ments or matters in the course of negotiation, as provided for in articles 19a (3) and 29a (3) of Directive 2013/34/EU. Any exceptions, with regard to the scope of this data, are clearly indicated throughout this Statement. Please note that the quantitative metrics of Scope 3 GHG emissions and quantities of substances of concern, related to metrics E1-6 and E2-5, are based on estimates and assumption subject to a high level of measurement uncertainty. For further detail about the calculation methodology and un- certainty associated, please refer to “E1—Climate change—Our GHG Emissions” and “E2—Pollution— Our metrics”, respectively. The reporting frequency will be annual and we use the phase-in provision in accordance with the ESRS 1 Appendix C except for S1-7, S1-13, S1-14. In this Statement, we define as significant the fines that are above the financial materiality thresh- old considered for the Financial Statement. For more details on how it was determined, please refer to the Independent Auditor’s Report in this Report. In addition, for the actions indicated in each chapter, we define as significant the amount of operational and capital expenditures that exceeds the threshold of €4 million. GOVERNANCE Ferrari N.V. is a public limited liability company, in- corporated under the laws of the Netherlands. The Company is the holding company of the Ferrari Group following the separation of the Ferrari business from FCA, now Stellantis N.V. In this section, the “Company” refers to Ferrari N.V. The Company qualifies as a foreign private issuer under the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) listing standards and its common shares are listed on the NYSE and on Euronext Milan (formerly Mercato Telematico Azionario). The Board of Directors as a whole is responsi- ble for the strategy of the Company. The Board of Directors appointed the following internal commit- tees: (i) an Audit Committee, (ii) an ESG Committee, and (iii) a Compensation Committee. On certain key operational matters, the executive Directors are supported by the Ferrari Leadership Team (hereinafter also the “FLT”), which is responsible for reviewing the operating performance of the businesses, collaborating on certain operational matters, supporting the executive Directors with their tasks and executing decisions of the Board of Directors and the day to day management of the Company, primarily to the extent it relates to the operational management.

[PAGE 167]
167 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F As of December 31, 2024, our Board of Directors is composed of eleven Directors as shown in the table below: Directors Nationality Executive Non Executive Independent Committees Directors first term from1 Directors current term from Roles in other listed companies(2) NYSE Rules Dutch Code Audit Compen- sation ESG John Elkann (Executive Chairman and Executive Director) IT April 15, 2016(3) April 17, 2024 3 Benedetto Vigna (Chief Executive Officer) IT September 16, 2021(4) April 17, 2024 0 Piero Ferrari (Vice Chairman) IT January 2, 2016 April 17, 2024 0 Sergio Duca (Chair of the Board and Senior Non- Executive) IT January 2, 2016 April 17, 2024 0 Delphine Arnault FR April 15, 2016 April 17, 2024 2 Francesca Bellettini IT April 16, 2020 April 17, 2024 0 Eddy Cue US January 2, 2016 April 17, 2024 0 John Galantic US, CH April 16, 2020 April 17, 2024 0 Maria Patrizia Grieco IT April 15, 2016 April 17, 2024 2 Adam Keswick UK April 15, 2016 April 17, 2024 1 Mike Volpi US April 14, 2023 April 17, 2024 3 (1) References in this table to Directors refer to Ferrari N.V. The Board of Directors is appointed annually on each annual general meeting of shareholders. (2) Directorships in listed companies other than in the Company. (3) Mr. John Elkann is Executive Director from April 12, 2019. (4) Mr. Benedetto Vigna was confirmed as Chief Executive Officer by the Board of Directors as of April 14, 2023 The Audit Committee currently consists of Mr. Duca (Chairperson), Ms. Bellettini and Mrs. Grieco, each of whom is independent within the meaning of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code. At the date of this Annual Report, every member of the Audit Committee is a non-executive Director. The Compensation Committee currently con- sists of Mr. Galantic (Chairperson), Mr. Cue and Mr. Ferrari. At the date of this Annual Report, every member of the Compensation Committee is a non-executive Director and the majority of them are independent. The ESG Committee consists of Mr. Elkann (Chairperson), Mrs. Arnault and Mr. Cue. The ESG Committee is elected by the Board of Directors and is comprised of at least three Directors. At the date of this Annual Report, Mr. Elkann is the only Executive member of the ESG Committee and the majority of ESG Committee members are independent. Nine Directors currently qualify as independent (representing a majority) for purposes of NYSE rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) and eight Directors qualify as independent (represent- ing a majority) for purposes of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code. In percentage terms, the share of independent members of the Board according to the NYSE Rule is 82%, whereas according to the Dutch Corporate Governance Code the percentage is 73%. None of

[PAGE 168]
168 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F the members of the Board of Directors have held similar positions in the public administration (includ- ing regulators) in the past two years. According to the applicable laws and the Regulation of the Board, at the level of the Company no works council or similar employee participation bodies are required to be installed. As of December 31, 2024, the members of the Board of Directors had the skills shown in the table below: Skill Area Corporate Governance and Risk management Financial and accounting Corporate management Digital and cybersecurity Innovation ESG Automotive and motorsport industry knowledge Luxury goods industry knowledge John Elkann (Executive Chairman and Executive Director) Benedetto Vigna (Chief Executive Officer) Piero Ferrari (Vice Chairman and non-Executive Director) Sergio Duca (Senior Non- Executive Director) Delphine Arnault (Non-Executive Director) Francesca Bellettini (Non-Executive Director) Eddy Cue (Non-Executive Director) John Galantic (Non-Executive Director) Maria Patrizia Grieco (Non-Executive Director) Adam Keswick (Non-Executive Director) Mike Volpi (Non- Executive Director) All Board Members have knowledge and expertise on business ethics, corporate governance and reg- ulatory affairs. Moreover, more than half of Board Members have developed experiences in social en- gagements and environmental issues. With these skills they are able to better oversee sustainability matters and manage impacts, risks and opportuni- ties. With reference to the IROs related to Quality and Safety, Climate Change, Circular economy and Natural Resources Management they benefit from the Board’s skills in the automotive, motorsport and luxury goods industry, as well as in ESG. Furthermore, the IROs re- lated to Ethics and Business Conduct benefit from Corporate Governance and Risk management exper- tise. Digital and cybersecurity Board skills enable them to accurately oversee the IROs related to the Data Responsibility, privacy and cybersecurity topic. Within each paragraph the function responsible for the IROs involved will be indicated. In the event of updates to internal and/or external regulations, the administrative, management and/ or supervisory internavvl bodies may receive rele- vant training as deemed necessary.

[PAGE 169]
169 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F DIVERSITY POLICY The Board of Directors adopted an updated diver- sity policy for the Board of Directors (the “Diversity Policy”) effective as of September 14, 2023, since the Company believes that diversity in the composition of the Board of Directors in terms of age, sex, gen- der, nationality, expertise, experience, competen- cies, or other personal qualities, and cultural or oth- er background is an important mean of promoting debate, balanced decision making and independent actions of the Board of Directors. The Diversity Policy2 gives weight to the following diversity factors in Board of Directors composition: age, sex, gender, nationality, expertise, experience, competencies, or other personal qualities, and pro- fessional cultural or other background. The Company considers each of these aspects key drivers to sup- port the above mentioned goals and to achieve suf- ficient diversity of views and the expertise needed for a proper understanding of current affairs and longer-term risks and opportunities related to the Company’s business. The Board of Directors and its ESG Committee consider such factors when evalu- ating nominees for election to the Board of Directors and during the annual performance assessment process. The Diversity Policy covers the following opportunity: “Diversity of governing body/executive team - The capabilities and perspectives of board/ executive team members are important for making robust decisions on an ongoing basis”. The most senior level in Ferrari accountable for the implementation and monitoring of the policy is the ESG Committee. The policy is available on the corporate website. BOARD OF DIRECTORS DIVERSITY TARGETS The Company has set the following concrete targets to be achieved by 2027: (a) at least 30 percent of the seats of the Board of Directors to be occupied by women and at least 30 percent by men; (b) at least 33 percent of the seats of the non-executive members of the Board of Directors to be occupied by women and at least 33 percent by men; (c) the nationality of the members of the Board of Directors to be reason- ably consistent with the geographic presence of the Company’s business, and no nationality should count for more than 60 percent of the members of the Board of Directors; and (d) diversity in the age of the members of the Board of Directors by having one or more members of the Board of Directors aged un- der 50 at the day of their nomination; provided that, in the candidate selection process, rules and gen- erally accepted principles of non-discrimination (on grounds such as ethnic origin, race, disability or sex- ual orientation) will be taken into account. Given the current composition of the Board of the Company in one-tier system, composed only by two (2) executive directors (of the same gender), the Company has de- cided not to set a specific gender diversity target for executive directors in the Policy while targets have been set for the Board of Directors as a whole. To ensure its correct implementation, the Diversity Policy will be taken into account in the nomi- nation of executive Directors, and in the adoption of a profile for non-executive Directors as well as in nom- inating and recommending non-executive Directors. As of December 31, 2024, the Company has achieved (i) the gender targets of the non-executive members of the Board of Directors, (ii) the target on nationality and (iii) the age target. Due to the appoint- ment of one extra male to the Board of Directors compared to 2023, the percentage of women in the Board as a whole has dropped just below the 30 percent target. The ESG Committee periodically monitors gender targets during the nomination process and for the updating of the Annual Report. These targets have been defined in compliance with the Dutch law and aim to be both challenging and achievable. Please find below a chart representing the Board’s gender and age as of December 31, 2024. BOARD MEMBERS BY AGE AND GENDER 2024 < 30 30-50 >50 Total Total % Female — 1 2 3 27% Male — 1 7 8 73% Other — — — — — Not disclosed — — — — — Total — 2 9 11 100% Total % — 18% 82% 100% 100%

[PAGE 170]
170 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-FA further aspect of diversity within the Board is na- tionality: 54.5 percent of its members are of Italian nationality, while 45.5 percent have other nation- alities. Additionally, gender diversity of the Audit Committee is 66.7 percent, of the Compensation Committee is 0 percent, and of the ESG Committee is 33.3 percent. The Board’s gender diversity gap is calculated as an average ratio of female to male Board Members. OUR DECISION-MAKING PROCESS The Ferrari Leadership Team (FLT) is responsible for reviewing the operating performance of the busi- ness, collaborating on certain operational matters, supporting the Chief Executive Officer with his tasks and executing the decisions of the Board of Directors and the day-to-day management of the Company, primarily as it relates to operational management. All FLT members are executive officers. Please find below a chart representing the Ferrari Leadership Team by gender as of December 31, 2024. 2024 Male Male % Female Female % Other Other % Not Disclosed Not Disclosed % Total Total % Senior Managers(1) 14 87.5% 2 12.5% — —% — —% 16 100% (1) With the term Senior Managers we refer to the FLT members reporting directly to the Chief Executive Officer. The FLT is led by the Chief Executive Officer and is composed of the heads of the operating and central functions. We have defined cross-functional commit- tees, responsible for cross-functional projects to sus- tain excellence in every area, among which the ESG Strategic Committee. The ESG Strategic Committee, composed of all the members of the FLT, is in charge of defining the ESG strategy of the Ferrari Group and of monitoring the achievement of the targets. Our Chief Financial Officer, a member of the FLT and Head of the ESG Strategic Committee, is respon- sible for the sustainability function. It oversees the sustainability activities within the Group, promot- ing dialog between different teams and functions, identifying impacts and opportunities as well as supporting risk identification. Moreover, the sustain- ability function directly defines or contributes to the approval of ESG targets. The Chief Financial Officer periodically reports back to the Board of Directors on the management of the organization’s impacts, as well as the setting and progress of ESG targets and the definition of remediation plans if required. At the operational level, we have established two committees focused on specific environmental and social issues, responsible for translating strategies into concrete decisions and action plans. The Diversity and Inclusion Committee, headed by the Chief Human Resources Officer, focuses on gender diversity, dis- ability inclusion, generational diversity and educa- tional opportunities. In March 2024, a Diversity and Inclusion office was established within Ferrari’s orga- nizational chart, with the aim of promoting and coor- dinating the development of a diverse and inclusive work culture within the organization. Fostering this culture not only enriches the working environment, but also drives greater innovation and creativity, key elements for the organization’s sustainable success. Whereas, the Green Sustainability Steering Committee, led by the Head of Carbon Neutrality and Supplier Relations, has the priority to reach Carbon Neutrality by 2030, addressing direct and indirect GHG emis- sions, focusing on energy and materials, in addition to our electrification journey. In 2024, the Board of Directors met four times, achieving an attendance rate of 95.46 percent. The Board of Directors was informed twice by the Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Human Resources Officer about material IROs and in particular, the activities implemented to reach Carbon Neutrality, the educational projects with the local community and the diversity and inclusion progress, as well as employee development. All the discussed topics are linked to specific IROs that resulted as relevant in the double materiality assessment. In 2024, the Audit Committee met 6 times and the average attendance rate was 94.45 percent. At these meetings several matters were discussed, including the Audit Committee role and responsibili- ties, the Company’s financial control and risk frame- work, risk assessment, internal control over finan- cial reporting pursuant to the applicable rules, and a financial overview of operating results. In particular, the Audit Committee reviewed Ferrari’s periodic and yearly financial results and, with the assistance of the Chief Financial Officer and other Company officers, focused on key accounting and reporting matters as well as the main business drivers. In 2024, the Committee was updated on the CSRD Directive imple- mentation as well as the stakeholder engagement activity and approved the double materiality matrix. In 2024, the ESG Committee met once with 100 percent attendance of its members at such meet- ing. The Committee reviewed the Board of Directors and Committee’s assessments, the sustainability achievements and objectives, and the recommen- dations for Directors’ election.

[TABLE] 14 | 87.5% | 2 | 12.5% | — | —% | — | —% | 16 | 100%

[PAGE 171]
171 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F In 2024, the Compensation Committee met once with 100 percent attendance of its members at such meeting. The Compensation Committee reviewed the compensation report. Further information on the activities of the Compensation Committee is includ- ed in the compensation report. Integrating sustainability into our Company relies on a formal structure with clear accountabili- ties across different levels of the organization. Roles and responsibilities for impacts and risks are formally defined into specific regulations that are available on the Ferrari corporate website, includ- ing the Regulations of the Board of Directors, the ESG Committee Charter, and the Audit Committee Charter. For additional information, please refer to the “Corporate Governance” chapter. We take an integrated approach to risk man- agement, where risk assessment is part of the leadership team agenda. The Board of Directors is responsible for considering the ability to control and manage risks crucial to achieve its identified busi- ness targets and to ensure continuity of the Group. The Board of Directors designs, implements, and maintains internal risk management and control sys- tems. In executing such responsibilities, it is assisted by the Audit Committee, which is responsible for advising the Board of Directors and acts under the authority delegated by the Board of Directors with reference to internal controls and risk management systems. The Ferrari Leadership Team is responsi- ble for the deployment and maintenance of a risk management system across our business functions. As of today, each function involved is account- able for implementing controls and procedures to manage relevant negative and positive impacts with support from the sustainability function, as well as ESG opportunities. With reference to ESG risks, the management’s role in governance processes, as well as controls and procedures used to monitor, manage and oversee them, is defined in the “Risk Management Process and Internal Control System” chapter. For more details on controls and procedures to manage the IROs refer to the following chapters. Impacts, risks and opportunities are presented to the ESG Strategic Committee for evaluation and discussion. They are then submitted to the Audit Committee for approval and, are ultimately approved by the Board of Directors along with the Sustainability Statement. ESG-related impacts and risks represent an important business driver, a support in our deci- sion-making process and a key point to develop the Group’s risk management process. Chief Executive Officer Board of Directors (Executive Level) Ferrari Leadership Team • ESG Committee • Audit Committee • Compensation Committee torking Groups (Operational Level) Chief Financial Officer (responsible for sustainability) ESG Strategic Committee • Members of Company management • Meets every quarter • Reviews and validates sustainability strategy, committments and targets Green Sustainability Steering Committee • Cross functional representatives • Meets periodically • Coordinate development and deployment of specific cross-functional programs on carbon footprint topics Diversity Ɲ Inclusion Committee • Cross functional representatives • Meet periodically • Coordinate development and deployment of specific cross-functional programs on diversity and inclusion topics

[TABLE] ESG Strategic Committee
[TABLE] • Members of Company management
• Meets every quarter
• Reviews and validates sustainability
strategy, committments and targets
[TABLE] Green Sustainability Steering Committee
[TABLE] • Cross functional representatives
• Meets periodically
• Coordinate development and
deployment of specific cross-functional
programs on carbon footprint topics
[TABLE] Diversity (cid:413) Inclusion Committee
[TABLE] • Cross functional representatives
• Meet periodically
• Coordinate development and
deployment of specific cross-functional
programs on diversity and inclusion
topics

[PAGE 172]
172 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F INTEGRATION OF SUSTAINABILITY-RELATED PERFORMANCE IN INCENTIVE SCHEMES The description below summarizes the guidelines and the principles followed by Ferrari in order to de- fine and implement the remuneration policy appli- cable to the executive Directors and non-executive Directors of the Company, as well as members of the Ferrari Leadership Team (FLT). The form and amount of compensation received by the Directors of Ferrari for the year ended December 31, 2024, was deter- mined in accordance with the remuneration policy. The Compensation Committee oversees the remu- neration policy, remuneration plans and practices of Ferrari and recommends changes when appropriate. The Committee is solely comprised of non-executive Directors from the Board of Directors who are inde- pendent pursuant to the Dutch Corporate Governance Code (the “Code”). Ferrari’s current remuneration pol- icy was approved by shareholders at the 2024 AGM and will be resubmitted to a vote by the Company’s General Meeting at least every four years. The Board of Directors determines the com- pensation for our executive Directors following the recommendation of the Compensation Committee and with reference to the remuneration policy. The compensation structure for executive Directors and FLT members includes a fixed component and a variable component based on short and long- term performance. Our remuneration policy is aligned with Dutch law and the Code. In particular, the Code requires listed companies to disclose certain information about the compensation of their Board and execu- tive Directors. Through this remuneration strategy, Ferrari fulfills the requirements of the Code ensur- ing full transparency with our shareholders. The main goal of Ferrari’s remuneration strat- egy is to develop a system which consistently sup- ports the business strategy and value creation for all shareholders, establishing a compensation structure that allows us to attract and retain the most highly qualified executive talents and motivate such executives to achieve business and financial goals that create long-term value for shareholders in a manner consistent with our core business and leadership values and taking into account the social context around the Company. The main principles of Ferrari’s remuneration policy are outlined in the chart below: 01 Alignment with Ferrari Strategy Compensation is strongly linked to the achievement of target aligned with the Company's publically disclosed objectives. 02 Pay For Performance Compensation must reinforce our performance driven culture and meritocracy. Our incentive plans are based on peer and market benchmarked performance metrics. 03 Competitiveness Programs are designed to recruit, motivate and reward Executive Directors and members of the SMT delivering operational and strategic performance over time. Compensation program provisions and financial objectives are evaluated on an annual basis and modified in accordance with industry and business conditions. 04 Long-Term Shareholder Value Creation Target triggering any variable compensation payment aligned to interests of shareholders. Our compensation structure places an appropriate amount of compensation at risk based on long-term results. 05 Compliance Ferrari compensation policies and plans are designed to comply with applicable laws and corporate governance requirements.

[PAGE 173]
173 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F The structure of the remuneration applicable to our executive Directors, non-executive Directors and other key management under Ferrari’s remunera- tion policy has not changed in 2024 and consists of the following elements: (i) Fixed Remuneration linked to the third pillar of Ferrari’s remuneration policy (Competitiveness) with the objective of attracting, retaining and motivating our qualified executives and effective leaders. For this reason, we periodically bench- mark comparable salaries paid to executives with similar experience by comparable companies; (ii) Short-Term Incentives (STI) linked to the first and second pillars of Ferrari’s remuneration policy (Alignment with Ferrari’s Strategy and Pay for Performance) and tied to specific finan- cial targets which are set at challenging levels; short-term incentives are also linked to the con- tribution of the individual member (Individual Performance Factor) in order to motivate its beneficiaries to achieve challenging targets. In particular, Ferrari’s 2024 achievements, suc- cess and developments were driven by organi- zation-wide alignment with the Company’s strat- egy and values, through incentives that reward the achievement of those goals; (iii) Long-Term Incentives (LTI) linked to the first and fourth pillars of Ferrari’s remuneration policy (Alignment with Ferrari’s Strategy and Long- Term Shareholder Value Creation) with the aim to align the behavior of executives critical to the business with shareholders’ interests, motivate executives to achieve long-term strategic objec- tives, and enhance retention of key resources; (iv) Non-Monetary Benefits which are related to the overall remuneration and linked to the third pillar of Ferrari’s remuneration policy (Competitiveness). Regarding the LTI, during 2024, Ferrari had three long-term equity incentive plans in place, consistent with the Company’s business plan presented at the Capital Markets Day in June 2022 and awarding to their beneficiaries, as the case may be, a combination of performance share units (“PSUs”) and restricted share units (“RSUs”), each representing the right to receive one Ferrari common share. The long-term equity incentive plans are based, among other fac- tors, on an ESG-related Factor Goal which accounts for 20 percent of the total LTI performance. The ESG-related Factor Goal focuses on an Environment Factor and a Social Factor: • 50 percent of it is based on the Reduction CO2 Carbon Emission following the milestones of the Ferrari’s sustainability plan – Rolling KPI until 2030: for the intermediate years leading up to 2030, the amount of the incentive attributed to this KPI will be assessed based on targets calculated through a year-by-year reduction proportional to prod- uct development up to 2030. This methodical ap- proach ensures a progression towards the final targets established for the year 2030, allowing for a consistent and measurable tracking of the CO2 emission reduction efforts in alignment with Ferrari’s long-term sustainability objectives. • 50 percent of it is based on the maintenance of the Equal Salary certification or equivalent certi- fication. The award of this certification is based not only on equal pay for men and women, but in a more extensive way on targets of continuous improvement of diversity and inclusion culture and inclusive environment. 2024 Percentage of variable remuneration dependent on sustainability-related targets and (or) impacts (“Premio di Competitività”) 30.4% Percentage of variable remuneration dependent on sustainability-related targets and (or) impacts (Long-term Incentive) 12.3% For further information please refer to “Remuneration of Directors”.

[TABLE] 30.4%
[TABLE] 12.3%

[PAGE 174]
174 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F STATEMENT ON DUE DILIGENCE The table below provides a mapping of the information related to the due diligence process. Core elements of due diligence Paragraphs in the sustainability statement a) Embedding due diligence in governance, strategy and business model ESRS 2 - General disclosures | Governance, Our Decision-Making Process ESRS 2 - General disclosures | Integration of sustainability-related performance in incentive scheme ESRS 2 - General disclosures | Impact, risks and opportunities, Double materiality assessment methodology b) Engaging with affected stakeholders in all key steps of the due diligence ESRS 2 - General Disclosure | Interests and views of stakeholders, Double materiality assessment methodology ESRS 2 - General Disclosure | Double materiality assessment methodology S1 - Own workforce | Stakeholder Engagement S2 - Workers in the value chain | Stakeholder Engagement S4 - Consumers and End-users | Stakeholders Engagement c) Identifying and assessing adverse impacts ESRS 2 - General disclosures | Impacts, risks and opportunities management ESRS 2 - General disclosures | Impacts, risks and opportunities, Double materiality assessment methodology d) Taking actions to address those adverse impacts E1 - Climate change | Our Strategy to Reach Carbon Neutrality by 2030, Efficient energy use E2 - Pollution | Our actions and targets E5 - Resource use and circular economy | Our actions S1 - Own workforce | Talent attraction, retention and development | Talent Recruitment and Employee Retention, Our actions S1 - Own workforce | Diversity and Inclusion | Our actions S1 - Own workforce Health, Safety and well-being | Health and Safety | Our actions S1 - Own workforce Health, Safety and well-being | Welfare and Working Environment | Our actions S1 - Own workforce | Diversity and Inclusion, Our actions S1 - Own workforce | Data Responsibility, Privacy and Cybersecurity, Our actions S2 - Workers in the value chain | Workers in the value Chain, Our actions S4 - Consumers and End-users | Vehicle quality and safety, Our targets and actions S4 - Consumers and End-users | Ethics and business conduct - Transparent Information, Our targets and actions S4 - Consumers and End-users | Data Responsibility, Privacy and Cybersecurity, Our targets and action S4 - Consumers and End-users | Stakeholders Engagement e) Tracking the effectiveness of these efforts and communicating E1 - Climate change | Our targets, Efficient energy use, Our GHG Emissions, GHG removals and GHG mitigation projects financed through carbon credits E2 - Pollution | Our actions and targets, Our metrics E5 - Resource use and circular economy | Our targets, Resource Inflows, Resource Outflows S1 - Own workforce | Diversity and Inclusion | Our actions, our targets S1 - Own workforce | Health, Safety and well-being, Our metrics S1 - Own workforce | Training and Talent Development, Our metrics S1 - Own workforce | Talent Recruitment and Employee Retention, Our actions, our targets S2 - Workers in the value chain | Workers in the value chain, Our metrics and targets Due diligence is an on-going practice that responds to and may trigger changes in the company’s strategy, business model, activities, business relationships, operating, sourcing and selling contexts. The actions described in the paragraphs referenced in the table above are the starting point of a structured ESG due diligence activity, which will be extended to all suppliers in the coming years.

[TABLE] Core elements of due diligence | Paragraphs in the sustainability statement

[PAGE 176]
176 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS OVER SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING The sustainability reporting process is subject to inter- nal controls that are based on risk assessment. In par- ticular, the internal control system focuses on a set of disclosures identified as “high-priority” KPI, determined based on a list of selected parameters, such as feasi- bility, complexity, potential reputational and reporting risks. The high priority KPIs are included in a “risk con- trol matrix”, where controls are formalized and tracked. The internal control system has been defined following the guidelines of the Internal Control over Sustainability Reporting (ICSR) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) and based on the COSO Internal Control-Integrated Framework (ICIF). For the set of selected KPIs, the entire data flow is mapped from primary data collection to consolidation and final validation, clearly defining roles and respon- sibilities. To mitigate the most relevant risks resulting from those selected KPIs, the Group has implemented an internal control process to ensure data consistency and accuracy. The nature and frequency of the con- trols varies based on the risks associated with each KPI. Depending on the control to be performed, differ- ent tools are used, including internal files specifically designed to support the control and various software. The main risks identified involve potential mis- statements due to data elaboration or consolidation from primary sources. In the relation to the data points considered as “high priority”, the risks identified are: • Potential misstatements due to incorrect manual data entry, in relation to data referred to Energy, Waste, F-gas, Emissions, and Social areas; • Potential misstatements due to incomplete data (in relation to the same areas of reporting as above); • Potential misstatements due to incoherent or wrongly measured data (Energy, Waste, F-gas and Social); • Potential misstatements due to incorrect data ex- traction from IT systems (in relation to the same areas of reporting as above); • Potential misstatements due to errors in calcula- tions, in particular for GHG data and social data; • Potential misstatements due to wrong selection of conversion factors for calculations (Energy and GHG emissions). As mitigation strategies, envisaged controls (also at entity level) can be either preventive or detective, de- pending on whether they are aimed at finding poten- tial misstatements (detective) or rather avoid them (preventive). In relation to these mitigation strategies, a monitoring plan was introduced at the end of 2024 to prospectively test the adequacy of the design and the effectiveness of the controls in place to mitigate and reduce the identified risks. The risk assessment performed during 2024 for the definition of the “high-priority” KPIs will be updated in order to progressively include disclosures con- tained in the sustainability statement in the internal control framework. The Group Internal Control and Sox Compliance Function is responsible for the risks mitigation and related findings, and they periodically report updates and potential findings to the relevant management and supervisory bodies, in particular the FLT and the Audit Committee respectively. STRATEGY Ferrari is one of the world’s leading luxury brands, en- compassing racing, sports cars and lifestyle. In each of these three souls, the Prancing Horse is a symbol of exclusivity, innovation and cutting-edge performance. Our strategy focuses on maintaining our leading position in the luxury performance sports car market, while enhancing and protecting the value and exclu- sivity of the Ferrari brand. • We aim to achieve profitable growth by pursuing the following strategies: • Low volumes and controlled growth; • Regular new model introductions and enhance- ments; • Pursue excellence in racing; • Controlled growth in adjacent luxury and lifestyle categories; We will continue focusing our efforts on protecting and enhancing the value of our brand to preserve our strong financial profile and fuel long term growth in existing and emerging markets, while expanding the Ferrari brand to carefully selected lifestyle categories. For additional information about the Ferrari Strategy, please refer to the “Overview” paragraph. Our dedication to excellence and our pursuit of innovation, cutting-edge performance, and distinc- tion in design and engineering in our luxury cars are intrinsically linked to our commitment to integrity, transparency, and responsibility in every aspect of our business operations. By fully integrating environmental and social con- siderations with economic objectives we are able to identify potential risks and capitalize on additional opportunities, resulting in a process of continuous improvement. Sustainability is a core element of our governance model and executive management plays a direct and active role in developing and achieving our sustainability objectives under the direction of our Board of Directors. As a clear demonstration of this commitment, we have strengthened the integration of environmental topics in our strategic plan by pre- senting, in June 2022, a decarbonization strategy that will help us reach Carbon Neutrality by 2030. Please refer to “E1—Climate change—Our Strategy to Reach Carbon Neutrality by 2030”. Our Carbon Neutrality journey is only a step, we also aim to guarantee a just transition, able to secure workers’ rights and livelihoods when economies are

[PAGE 177]
177 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F shifting to low-carbon production. We focus on ensur- ing continuous progress across all training domains to maintain know-how continuity and strengthen employee skills, aligned with our ambitions for the future. The foundation of a responsible company rests on being fully attentive to the nature and extent of this interconnection and on the understanding of both the potential effects of its activities and how those effects can be mitigated through responsible management. We take in high consideration the interests and views of our stakeholders, especially clients, investors and regulators whose guidance can help us adopt the best strategic drivers. To ensure tangible long-term value creation and a continuing integration of our sustainability strategy, we place particular emphasis on five pillars: • EXCEEDING EXPECTATIONS - Drive technological innovation while pursuing excellence in design and craftsmanship to fuel the passion of our cli- ents and enthusiasts. • BEING THE EMPLOYER OF CHOICE - Provide an inclusive, educational, and inspiring work envi- ronment to unleash everyone’s passion, creativ- ity and talent. • PROACTIVELY FOSTERING BEST PRACTICE GOVERNANCE - Maintain Ferrari’s corporate gov- ernance and risk management systems aligned with best practices to ensure an ethical business conduct while providing superior and sustainable returns to our shareholders. • REDUCING OUR ENVIRONMENTAL FOOTPRINT - Increase our environmental awareness to contin- uously set and implement related programs and actions. • CREATING AND SHARING VALUE WITH THE COMMUNITY - Encourage strategic partnerships and the creation of positive externalities for all stakeholders.

[PAGE 178]
178 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F Sustainability Pillars Aspiration Relevant United Nations SDGs Most relevant chapters of this Sustainability Statement Ferrari material topics Exceeding expectations Drive technological innovation while pursuing excellence in design and craftsmanship to fuel the passion of our clients and enthusiasts. S4-Consumers and end-users Quality and safety Reducing our environmental footprint Increase our environmental awareness to continuously set and implement related programs and actions. E1-Climate change Climate change E2-Pollution Natural resources management E5-Resource use and circular economy Circular economy Being the employer of choice Provide an inclusive, educational, and inspiring work environment to unleash everyone’s passion, creativity and talent. S1-Own workforce Talent attraction, retention and development S1-Own workforce Health, safety and well- being S1-Own workforce Diversity and inclusion Creating and sharing value with the community Encourage strategic partnerships and the creation of positive externalities for all stakeholders. S3-Affected communities Responsibility towards the community and future generations Proactively fostering best practice governance Maintain Ferrari’s corporate governance and risk management systems aligned with best practices to ensure an ethical business conduct while providing superior and sustainable returns to our shareholders. G1-Business Conduct / S4-Consumers and end-users Ethics and Business Conduct S1-Own workforce S2-Workers in the value chain Human rights S1-Own workforce S4-Consumers and end-users Data responsibility, privacy and cybersecurity The connection between Ferrari Sustainability Strategy Material topics, relevant United Nations SDGs and Ferrari sustainability pillars is disclosed in the table below: The above-mentioned material topics have been linked to the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) that are impacted by our business. Each material topic is analyzed in the subsequent chapters and includes a qualitative description of the management approach and, where available, selected performance indicators.

[TABLE] Sustainability
Pillars | Aspiration | Relevant United Nations SDGs | Most relevant
chapters of this
Sustainability
Statement | Ferrari material
topics
[TABLE] Exceeding
expectations
[TABLE] Reducing our
environmental
footprint
[TABLE] Being the
employer of
choice
[TABLE] Creating
and sharing
value with the
community
[TABLE] Proactively
fostering
best practice
governance

[PAGE 179]
179 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F Human capital is a crucial factor in our success, building on our position as a global leader in the lux- ury performance car sector and creating long-term sustainable value. On December 31, 2024, we had a total of 5,435 employees, including 170 managers and senior managers. Of these employees, 5,088 were based in Italy (primarily at our Maranello facil- ity) and 347 were based in offices around the world (including 24 managers and senior managers), mostly in North America and China. December 31, 2024 2023 2022 White-collar employees and middle-managers 2,769 2,568 2,441 Italy 2,458 2,282 2,163 Rest of the world 311 286 278 Blue-collar employees 2,496 2,259 2,326 Italy 2,488 2,250 2,317 Rest of the world 8 9 9 Managers and senior managers 170 161 152 Total 5,435 4,988 4,919 No Ferrari product or service is banned in any market. As long as the sector specific ESRS are not available, Ferrari will not be able to disclose the breakdown of total revenue by significant ESRS sector.

[TABLE] 2,769
[TABLE] 2,458
[TABLE] 311
[TABLE] 2,496
[TABLE] 2,488
[TABLE] 8
[TABLE] 170
[TABLE] 5,435

[PAGE 180]
180 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F LIFESTYLE SPORTS CAR & RACING R&D Product Developement OWN OPERATIONS OWN OPERATIONS OWN OPERATIONS OWN OPERATIONS OWN OPERATIONS SUPPLY CHAIN SUPPLY CHAIN DEALER NETWORK OUTBOUND LOGISTICS Raw materials (i.e. steel, aluminum, conflict minerals) Utilities Utilities Retail Stores Museums Stakeholder Relations Licensing Agreements Other services Other services Inbound Logistics Sales & After Sales Sales & After Sales SALES & AFTER SALES MANUFACTURING Client Relations Co-development Contract Manufacturing Supplies of components (i.e. transmissions, powertrains and brakes, bodyworks and chasing manufacturing) Product Design Engine Production Assembly Line & Final Checks Personalization & Road Tests Racing Activities & Logistics Stakeholder Relations (e.g. Clients, Tifosi, Sponsors) Finishing & Cleaning Body Assembly Product Developement Contract Manufacturing Product Design Collectibles In house by Ferrari Painting OUR BUSINESS MODEL Ferrari is a one segment company, its business mod- el is composed of three dimensions: Sports Cars, Racing and Lifestyle. Each one corresponds to a group of products connected with material actual im- pacts or material potential negative impacts. In partic- ular, in 2024, only the Lifestyle dimension did not ac- count for more than 10 percent of Ferrari’s revenues. Our sports cars concur to reach our Carbon Neutrality aspiration and our commercial strate- gy lays on the following product strategy: Different Ferrari for different Ferraristi and different Ferrari for different moments. This ensures maximum flex- ibility for our clients, hence to date, Ferrari has not identified specific customer categories with par- ticular requirements. Our vehicles are designed in compliance with the regulatory standards of the market for which it is intended, ensuring alignment with local requirements. For more information re- garding our Carbon Neutrality strategy please re- fer to “E1—Climate change—Our Strategy to Reach Carbon Neutrality by 2030”. Below is the representation of the main features of Ferrari’s upstream and downstream value chain, and Ferrari’s position within it. Additionally, to provide a comprehensive understanding of our operations we describe our inputs, outputs and outcomes.

[TABLE] OWN OPERATIONS
[TABLE] R&D Product
Developement
Product
Design
[TABLE] SUPPLY CHAIN
[TABLE] Raw materials (i.e. steel,
aluminum, conflict minerals) Utilities
Co-development
Inbound Logistics
Contract Manufacturing
Supplies of components
(i.e. transmissions, powertrains
and brakes, bodyworks and Other services
chasing manufacturing)
[TABLE] OWN OPERATIONS
[TABLE] MANUFACTURING
Engine Assembly Line Personalization
Production & Final Checks & Road Tests
Body Painting Finishing &
Assembly Cleaning
[TABLE] OWN OPERATIONS
[TABLE] SALES &
AFTER SALES
Sales & After Sales
Racing Activities
& Logistics
Stakeholder
Relations
(e.g. Clients, Tifosi,
Sponsors)
[TABLE] DEALER NETWORK
[TABLE] Sales & After Sales
Client Relations
[TABLE] OWN OPERATIONS
[TABLE] Product
Developement
Product Design
Collectibles
[TABLE] OWN OPERATIONS
[TABLE] Retail Stores Museums
Stakeholder Licensing
Relations Agreements

[PAGE 181]
181 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F Financial capital represents how Ferrari can gener- ate value for its shareholders and ensure the proper functioning of its operations, as well as the generation and distribution of value over time to all stakeholders. Intellectual capital is an intangible resource through which the Company generates expertise and innovative solutions essential for the develop- ment of its business. It also includes the level of tech- nological infrastructure that characterizes organiza- tional and operational processes, as well as the ways in which internal and external expertise is leveraged to drive innovation. Ferrari ensures and protects its intellectual property through constant investments in its research and technological development sec- tor, covering processes, products, and design. The inputs related to the human factor consist of the characteristics and size of the workforce, as well as its managerial, technical, and engineering skills, which are ensured through the human resources department. This function is formalized through pol- icies and actions aimed at fostering training, talent development, health and safety, engagement, and wel- fare. For a detailed description of these activities, refer to the paragraphs in the “S1—Own workforce” section. The inputs related to the infrastructural fac- tor encompass all forms of physical capital that enable Ferrari to carry out its activities and define its operational capacity. This includes physical assets (buildings and production machinery, ware- houses, circuits, hardware & software, etc.), which are directly managed by the company through ded- icated departments such as the Technologies and Infrastructures department. Ferrari has established policies and well-defined practices to monitor the utilization and maintenance status of its infrastruc- tural assets, ensuring timely interventions and their alignment with Ferrari’s business needs. The inputs related to the social-relational fac- tor concern the characteristics and quality of the relational dynamics established and maintained by Ferrari with stakeholders at all levels, such as rela- tionships with government authorities and institu- tions, strategic partners in its supply chain, dealer networks, universities & schools, customer satisfac- tion and engagement, investors. These relationships are developed, maintained, and ensured through the structuring of dedicated internal departments and by the policies, practices, actions, and ad-hoc initiatives carried out with the stakeholders. For a detailed description of these activities, refer to the paragraphs in the S2, S3, S4 e G1 sections. The inputs related to natural capital are the set of energy and natural resources, as well as raw mate- rials (e.g. steel, aluminum and conflict minerals) and components (e.g. transmissions and brakes) essen- tial for Ferrari’s production activities. These inputs are sourced through a robust and strategic network of partnerships with key suppliers. The procure- ment process is managed by Purchasing & Quality department responsible for sourcing, research and selection of suppliers, driven by the specific needs and requirements of operational departments. The output is represented by the products sold and the services provided by Ferrari to its clients in each dimension. For Sports Cars we refer to current mod- els (Range models, Special Series, Icona, One - Off and Supercar) and Classiche, as well as client events, experience and services. For Racing Activities, we refer to Formula 1, Endurance competitions, Esports and Ferrari Driving Academy. Lifestyle includes Personal Luxury Goods, Collectibles and Experience. The outcome corresponds to the systemic impact generated on its stakeholders, including shareholders, in terms of economic value cre- ation (revenues and profitability as well as share- holders’ reward through dividends and share repurchases), technologies and innovation for the automotive sector and racing, economic and employment benefits for the local area and the affected communities, experience, know-how and talent development for its employees, driving per- formance, design and exclusivity for its clients. Finally, within actual externalities, GHG emission, waste and scraps represent the main negative consequences of Ferrari activities. For a better understanding of Ferrari’s value chain, please refer to “Overview of Our Business” chapter. SPORTS CARS Within our sports car line-up, our offer comprises four main pillars: Range, Special Series, Icona and Supercar. Our current product portfolio includes seven Range models, three Special Series models, one limited edition Icona model and one Supercar model. We also produce limited edition One-Off cars from time to time. In 2024, we launched three new models: 12Cilindri, 12Cilindri Spider, and F80. Our diversified product offering may include different architectures, engine sizes, technologies, body styles and seats. We target end clients seeking high performance cars with distinctive design, state-of-the-art technol- ogy and outstanding driving dynamics to maximize driving emotions. Our broad product portfolio is designed to fulfill the strategy of “different Ferrari for different Ferraristi, different Ferrari for different moments”, which means being able to offer a highly differentiated product line-up that can meet the varying needs of current and new customer seg- ments (in terms of sportiness, comfort, on-board space and design, amongst others) and that can allow our existing clients to use a Ferrari in various moments of their lives. We believe that our clients can be divided into two main categories: on the one hand, the “Sports Car Driver”, a client looking for an elegant and under- stated design, who likes driving cars in a variety of locations and conditions, alone or with passengers, and who uses Ferrari for longer journeys; on the other hand, the “Pilot”, a client looking for a high per- forming and extreme sports car, who intends to drive cars on track and on challenging roads, and who is looking for an exciting driving experience.

[PAGE 182]
182 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F We are actively engaged in after sales activities driv- en, among other things, by the objective of preserv- ing and extending the market value of the cars we sell. We believe our cars’ performance in terms of value preservation after a period of ownership sig- nificantly exceeds that of any other brand in the lux- ury car segment. In addition, we offer retail client financing for the purchase of our cars through the operations of Ferrari Financial Services (“FFS”) in all our markets. Through FFS, we offer a range of flexible, bespoke financial and ancillary services to clients (both cur- rent and new) interested in purchasing a wide range of cars, from our current product range to older pre-owned and classic models. FFS also provides special financing arrangements to a selected group of our most valuable and loyal customers. Our markets are clustered into: (i) Europe, Middle East and Africa (“EMEA”), (ii) Americas, (iii) Mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan and (iv) Rest of Asia- Pacific (“APAC”), which represented respectively 45.1 percent, 29.1 percent. 8.4 percent and 17.3 per- cent of unit shipped in 2024. For more details, please refer to “Overview of Our Business—Sports Car Line-Up” paragraph. For additional information about our products, services and markets please refer to “Overview of Our Business—Sports Car Line-Up” paragraph. RACING Participation in the FIA Formula 1 World Championship with Scuderia Ferrari and in the World Endurance Championship with the Ferrari Endurance Team is a core element of our marketing effort and promotion- al activities, as well as an important source of inno- vation for the support of the technological advance- ment of Ferrari’s product portfolio. We also compete in the F1 Esports Championship with the Scuderia Ferrari Esports Team and we own the Mugello racing circuit in Scarperia, near Florence, which we rent to racing events organizers. Each of these items is fur- ther discussed below. For additional information about our products, services and markets please refer to “Overview of Our Business—Racing” paragraph. LIFESTYLE The role of Ferrari lifestyle is to foster growth by broadening our customers’ base and expanding our value proposition beyond our core business, while preserving our brand’s DNA, its heritage and values. The goal and mission of our lifestyle strategy is to bring to life a universe that encapsulates Ferrari’s DNA while accompanying our clients through differ- ent stages and moments of their lives. Over the past years, to strengthen brand desir- ability, Ferrari entered into the personal luxury goods segment, a critical segment to broaden our client base, amplifying cultural relevance for the brand especially for future generations. We also launched our cloth- ing and apparel collection through dedicated fashion shows. We created a new organizational structure, formed by a dedicated and talented team with fash- ion and luxury expertise based in Milan and working closely with our team in Maranello. We rationalized our licenses by terminating approximately half of our license agreements where the product offering and distribution was not consistent with the positioning of the Ferrari brand. We completed the rationalization of the retail network by closing 7 franchised stores and 4 directly operated stores considered unsuitable for Ferrari’s luxury positioning. We have since relo- cated and restyled our existing flagship boutiques and opened 3 new ones in the United States. Our international network of Ferrari Stores consisted of 15 Ferrari-owned directly operated stores and 2 fran- chised stores as of December 31, 2024. Ferrari Lifestyle has three pillars: Personal Luxury Goods, Collectibles and Experience. The Personal Luxury Goods pillar is dedicated to our own refined collection – accessories, apparel and selected merchandising – embodying the style, cre- ativity and quality that we stand for, balancing exclu- siveness and inclusiveness through a carefully com- bined mix of product categories. Importantly, we will continue to strengthen partnerships with selected licensees, which will allow us to play in complemen- tary territories/categories while being loyal to our brand’s DNA and positioning. The Collectibles pillar is built on the concept of collectability by enlarging and customizing the portfolio of available Ferrari tokens and the offer of Ferrari branded products such as high-end watches and high-end writing instruments, consumer elec- tronics, sportswear, toys, leading video games, and other accessories. Finally, the third pillar is Experience, through which we intend to nurture our heritage and cel- ebrate our craftsmanship through dedicated and tailor-made experiences. We capture the essence of the Ferrari spirit by immersing customers in the racing history, passion and values of Ferrari, through our Ferrari museums in Modena and Maranello (which attracted more than 850,000 visi- tors in 2024), Il Cavallino restaurant in Maranello and our theme parks in Abu Dhabi and Spain. For additional information about our products, services and markets please refer to “Overview of Our Business—Lifestyle” paragraph. INTERESTS AND VIEWS OF STAKEHOLDERS We believe it is important to develop forms of com- munication and collaboration with both our internal and external stakeholders that allow us to under- stand their needs, interests, and expectations. Our approach to engaging stakeholders aims for honest, clear, and effective communication and consultation, based on constant dialog. Fully under- standing the needs and perspectives of our stake- holders is a fundamental part of the value genera- tion process (business model) and the definition of

[PAGE 183]
183 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F our strategy which we continuously strive to pro- mote both inside and outside our organization. We believe that this approach is a key element of sustainable and lasting growth, with a view to concil- iate interests and expectations. With this in mind, over the years we set an ongoing process of stakeholder engagement carrying out initiatives with different levels of interaction and methods of involvement. Our Stakeholder Engagement Practice, inspired by the values and principles of the Code of Conduct, seeks to give all directors, managers and employees of Ferrari, and anyone else working for it or on its behalf, guidelines on the right methods and forms of interaction with different stakeholders. In line with the Stakeholder Engagement Practice, in 2024 we carried out specific activities to enhance the voice of our stakeholders on sustainability topics. These engagement activities are an important part of the sustainability approach that helps us identify potential updates in our sustainability impact areas, risks and opportunities, as well as support management in achieving the Company’s objectives. For that reason, according to the Stakeholder Engagement Practice, the results are analyzed to come up with suitable action plans to constantly improve company performance, on the basis of expectations of primary interest to its stakeholders. To this end, Ferrari ensures that the results are documented and communicated appropri- ately inside and outside of the Company, in part to respond to the points of focus raised in interactions with stakeholders. Regarding the engagement by the Board and/or any of its members, the Chairman of the Board shall ensure that the Board is informed at the first appro- priate meeting about the developments and signif- icant contents of the engagement that has taken place with the stakeholders. STAKEHOLDERS Br an d L ov er s Fe rr ar ist i De ale rs Su pp lie rs an d Sh ar eh ol de rs Fin an cia l C om mu nit y Lic en sin g Pa rt ne rs Bu sin es s a nd Sp on so rs Em pl oy ee s a nd Tr ad e U nio ns Go ve rn me nt, Re gu lat or s a nd Co m mu nit y an d U niv er sit y Me dia a nd In flu en ce rs Sp or ts In sti tu tio ns En thu sia st s a nd

[PAGE 184]
184 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F STAKEHOLDER DIALOGUE Stakeholders Areas of interest Communication methods Enthusiasts and brand lovers • Racing • Sports Cars • “Ferrari classiche” • Brand Value • Innovation • Lifestyle • Motorsport events • Sports cars unveilings • Advertising • Earned media, website, social media Ferraristi • Image and brand reputation • Clients satisfaction • Product technology, design quality and safety • Privacy and security • “Ferrari classiche” • Client relations: client and driving events • Client satisfaction survey • Media, website, social media Business and licensing partners • Image and brand reputation • Continuity of the service • Contract terms and conditions • Financial soundness • Meetings • Website Government, regulators and sports institutions • Compliance with the law • Sport fair play • Dialogs concerning new regulations and available technologies • Racing • Annual Report • Website Employees and trade unions • Motivation and development • Work-life balance • Welfare • Health, safety and well-being • Equal opportunities • Industrial relations • Ethical business conduct • Induction for new employees and training programs • Internal initiatives • Meetings with Top Management • Collective bargaining agreements • Participation in management-worker health and safety committees • Website, social media Sponsors • Racing • Image and brand reputation • Racing • Website, social media Community and universities • Support local initiatives • Employment support • Partnerships with universities • Meeting and local events • Website, social media • Sustainability workshops Media and influencers • Transparency • Racing • Image and brand reputation • Product technology, design quality and safety • Racing • Press releases • Website, social media • Communication with journalists • New model/technology launch events Suppliers(1) • Continuity of the service • Supplier risk assessment • Contract terms and conditions • Website • Meeting • Contractual documents Financial community and shareholders • Market transparency • Financial soundness • Economic performance • Corporate governance • Financial earnings • Investor conference • Roadshow • Website Dealers(2) • Image and brand reputation • Transparency • Motivation and development • Communication with Management • Convention • Training courses • Website (1) Suppliers do not include engagement of workers in the value chain. (2) Dealers do not include engagement of workers in the value chain.

[TABLE] Stakeholders | Areas of interest | Communication methods

[PAGE 186]
186 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F As explained in the “ESRS 2—General disclosures— Strategy” paragraph, in order to define our strategy and our business model, particularly clients, inves- tors and institutions views are taken into account. We support our brand value by promoting a strong connection with the Ferrari community: our enthusiasts and brand lovers and Ferraristi(3). We focus on strengthening this connection by reward- ing our most loyal clients through a range of initia- tives. In addition, we are able to collect their opinions and trends through our satisfaction surveys and other activities. For information about the organiza- tion and the purpose of the surveys, as well as how the outcomes are taken into account by Ferrari, please refer to “S4—Consumers and End-user— Stakeholder Engagement”. In our strategy, we also take into consideration the regulatory situation on sustainability matters that affect our business. For that reason, in our Scenario Analysis which includes transitional risks, we ana- lyzed, for each country in which Ferrari operates through points of sale, the regulatory situation concerning the ICE powertrain. In this respect, we do not pursue direct dialogue with national and in- ternational institutions, nor with other regulatory bodies. However, we are part of ACEA (European Automobile Manufacturers’ Association) and other associations that represent the interests of vehi- cles manufacturers. On the other hand, as far as local institutions are concerned, we have a direct dialogue, especially with the administrations of the municipalities of Maranello and Fiorano, regarding activities for the local com- munities and regarding administrative fulfillments. We rely on a significant number of suppliers who play an important part in the success of the Group. For the sourcing of certain key compo- nents with high technological specifications, we have developed strong synergistic relationships with some of our suppliers, which are considered “key strategic innovation partners”. We continue to invest significantly to minimize our environmental impact. Our vehicles must comply with extensive regional, national, and local laws and regulations, as well as industry self-regulations (including those that regulate vehicle safety). The high attention and care towards our prod- ucts are the foundation upon which our success is built, and this is achieved thanks to the efforts of our employees. We are a dual-listed Company, therefore, the financial discipline, enhanced through the relation- ship with the financial community and sharehold- ers, further supports the Company in pursuing its business targets. Furthermore, we collaborate with universities and high schools to provide scholarships to talented students. In 2024, we engaged with our employees, participants of both “Scuola dei Mestieri” and “Scuola delle Professioni”, and MUNER students through face-to-face workshops that had a dual purpose: to further communicate the importance of sustainabil- ity and explain what it stands for within Ferrari, and to collect their priorities and suggestions. Finally, we regularly engage with our investors to better understand what they consider to be the main ESG drivers for Ferrari, as well as participate every year in a variety of ESG questionnaires such as the S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA), ranking in the top quartile of our industry in the last assessment, the CDP Climate Change and CDP Water questionnaires, obtaining a “A-” and “B” rating respectively in 2024. All these activities allowed us to further strengthen our materiality analysis. In 2024, no amendments to Ferrari strategy and business model occurred. The sustainability statement may not include every impact, risk and opportunity or additional entity-specific disclosure that each individual stake- holder (group) may consider important in its own particular assessment. For more information about the engagement of stakeholder in the process of double materiality please see paragraph “Double materiality assessment methodology”.

[PAGE 187]
187 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F IMPACTS, RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES MANAGEMENT The materiality analysis is the process of identifying the topics that are relevant for the Group, these are based on an assessment of impacts, risks and opportunities. In 2024, we conducted the double material- ity analysis according to the requirements of the European Sustainability Reporting Standard and the related guidelines(4). We re-assess our sustain- ability matters annually, based on regulatory devel- opments, business developments and stakeholder engagement(5). We updated the analysis of the most relevant sustainability topics (materiality analysis) for the Group and our stakeholders, to better reflect the sustainability context developments, the changes in our drivers and goals, as well as our 2022-2026 Strategic Plan and sustainability strategy. The table below, for comparative purposes, shows the link between ESRS topics and Ferrari’s material topics. ESRS Topic Sub Topic Sub-sub topic Ferrari material topics Climate change • Climate Change • Mitigation Energy – Climate change Pollution • Substances of concern • Substances of very high concern – Natural resources management Resource use and circular economy • Waste • Resources inflows, including resource use • Resource outflows related to products and services – Circular economy Own workforce • Working conditions • Work-life balance • Health and safety Health, safety and well- being Own workforce • Equal treatment and opportunities for all • Employment and inclusion of persons with disabilities • Employment and inclusion of persons with disabilities • Diversity Diversity & Inclusion Own workforce • Other work-related rights • Privacy Data responsibility, privacy and cybersecurity Own workforce • Working conditions • Equal treatment and opportunities for all • Secure employment • Working time • Adequate wages • Training and skills development Talent attraction, retention and development Own workforce • Equal treatment and opportunities for all • Training and skills development Talent attraction, retention and development Workers in the value chain • Equal treatment and opportunities for all • Gender equality and equal pay for work of equal value • The employment and inclusion of persons with disabilities • Measures against violence and harassment in the workplace • Diversity Diversity & Inclusion Workers in the value chain • Other work-related rights • Child labor • Forced labor Human Rights Affected communities • Communities’ economic, social and cultural rights • N/A Responsibility towards the community and future generations Consumers and/or end-users • Information-related impacts for consumers and/or end-users • Privacy Data responsibility, privacy and cybersecurity Consumers and/or end-users • Personal safety of consumers and/or end-users • Health and safety • Security of a person Quality & safety Consumers and/or end-users • Information-related impacts for consumers and/or end-users • Social inclusion of consumers and/or end-users • Access to quality information • Responsible marketing practices Ethics and business conduct Business conduct • Corporate culture • Protection of whistle-blowers • Corruption and bribery • Prevention and detection training Ethics and business conduct Business conduct Management of relationships with suppliers including payment practices - Ethics and business conduct

[TABLE] ESRS Topic | Sub Topic | Sub-sub topic | Ferrari material topics

[PAGE 188]
188 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F For the complete list and description of relevant im- pacts, risks and opportunities and the Double mate- riality methodology please refer to the table present in the “ESRS 2—General disclosures—Double materi- ality assessment methodology” section. Compared to the list of material topics pub- lished in 2023, the topics “Product, technology, qual- ity, design and safety” has changed into “Quality and Safety”, the topic “Ethics and human rights” has been divided into “Human Rights” and “Ethics and Business Conduct”. This is due to the rational- ization of the material topics according to the new methodology applied in line with the list of topics, sub-topics and sub-sub-topics into the ESRS. The topic “Supply chain responsible management” has been deleted since all value chain-related IROs have been included into the specific topics they refer to. The topic “Natural resources management and bio- diversity” has become “Natural resources manage- ment” since biodiversity matters have emerged as not relevant. “Raw materials and circular economy” has changed to “Circular Economy”. DOUBLE MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT METHODOLOGY To determine the disclosures in our Sustainability Statement, we followed a Double materiality assess- ment process with four main steps: 1. Analysis of the internal and external context 2. Identification of potential sustainability impacts, risks and opportunities 3. Impacts, risks and opportunity evaluation 4. Validation of the impacts, risks and opportunities The process to identify risks and to assess which are material is integrated in the Risk Management sys- tem (ERM). In particular, sustainability-related risks are identified through a specific classification. For further information see “Risk Management Process and Internal Control System”. 1. ANALYSIS OF THE INTERNAL AND EXTERNAL CONTEXT We have analyzed Ferrari’s strategy, targets and ambitions in the field of sustainability. This was fol- lowed by a benchmarking analysis that provided us an overview of potential sustainability matters. Additionally, we analyzed risks relevant to the Group in the ESG-related areas and internal policies in the field of sustainability, considering Ferrari’s three di- mensions and their value chains considering all our business relationships and geographies. The exter- nal context analysis included the identification of our key stakeholders (see “ESRS 2—General disclo- sures—Strategy—Interests and views of stakehold- ers”), the mapping of Ferrari business relationship and upstream and downstream value chain (see “S2—Workers in the value chain”). 2. IDENTIFICATION OF IMPACTS, RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES Within this stage, we started from a deeper analysis of the ESRS list of topics, sub-topic and sub-sub topics. According to the results of the context analysis and the previous GRI-aligned materiality assessments, we identified the impacts and opportunities potential- ly applicable to Ferrari. Specific impacts have been identified considering the positive or negative, actual or potential effects of Ferrari on different stakehold- ers and the environment, including impacts on hu- man rights, across our activities and business rela- tionships in the value chain. Moreover, we integrated the potential risks identified inside the ERM system. During the identification of risks and opportunities, dependencies and external impacts have been con- sidered, particularly the risks and opportunities aris- ing from the impacts and dependencies’ assessment. 3. IMPACTS, RISKS AND OPPORTUNITY EVALUATION In this phase, we defined the criteria and scales to as- sess the IROs. In particular, we assessed our impact (inside-out perspective) taking into account their severity and likelihood. The severity was assessed using 1 (small) to 5 (extreme) scoring, considering scale, scope and for negative impact irremediabili- ty. The likelihood was assessed using 1 (unlikely) to 5 (very likely) scoring. Both negative and positive im- pacts were evaluated gross (before any mitigating actions). For the financial materiality analysis (out- side-in perspective), risks were assessed according to the ERM methodology involving residual evalua- tion by severity and likelihood. Whereas opportuni- ties were assessed according to criteria and met- rics defined on the basis of the ERM methodology, considering residual evaluation by severity and like- lihood. For risks, three variables (likelihood, impact and preparedness) are assessed independently on the basis of company metrics; these elements are then multiplied and the product obtained through this operation, defined overall risk exposure, is the input for placing risks on a heat map that has four different risk areas (Tier 1, Tier 2, Watching Area, Residual Area). The severity was assessed using 1 (very low) to 5 (very high) scoring, considering four different drivers of evaluation: strategic/market, economic/financial, operational and reputational. Additionally, the final score of severity resulted also from considering the preparedness, which is the degree of control, protection and readiness that Ferrari ensures thanks to the current actions, pro- cesses and levers, and their effectiveness. The likeli- hood was assessed using 1 (very low) to 5 (very high) scoring considering three different drivers: qual- itative (uncertain contexts), quantitative (measur- able contexts) and frequency (predictable contexts). During the evaluation process we assessed each IROs within the most relevant time horizon, consid- ering short, medium and long term as described in

[PAGE 189]
189 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F ESRS 1 and considering the impact related both to our own operations and to our upstream and down- stream value chain. In particular, the Sustainability function involved the Ferrari competent departments to evaluate each impact and opportunity, through one-to-one inter- views. The evaluation of sustainability related risks has been conducted through the ERM assessment. Moreover, the impact evaluation process has included consultation with our key stakeholders. Since 2018, Ferrari engages with key stakeholders (clients, dealers, universities, schools and enthusi- asts) to assess severity and likelihood of impacts that are relevant for stakeholders and validate the impacts that have been assessed by Ferrari as mate- rial. In particular in 2024, we carried out a stake- holder engagement with investors through a per- ception study and dedicated ESG meetings, as well as with employees and MUNER students through in person workshops. The results were included into the Double materiality assessment. 4. VALIDATION OF THE IMPACTS, RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES The Sustainability function defined a quantitative threshold mechanism, based on the relevance as- sessment previously performed. For both impacts and opportunities, the threshold has been set higher than 8 as a result of the product between severity and likelihood (on a maximum of 25). To identify the risks that are relevant for the materiality assess- ment, the threshold has been defined as to include all risks that are within the two highest levels of overall risks exposure (Tier 1, Tier 2). This process enables us to identify the material IROs. The Double materiality assessment was pre- pared under the supervision of Ferrari Group’s Chief Financial Officer and the results were approved by the Executive Officers of the Group and by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Based on the materiality assessment, Ferrari has determined the Disclosure Requirements related to each material IROs to be disclosed in this Statement in line with ESRS 1, AR 16 and EFRAG ID 177. The table below presents the material impacts, risks and opportunities and their related topic, in the same order as reported in ESRS 1, AR 16. The mate- rial IROs reveal our strategic sustainability priorities and contribute to adapting our strategy as shown in the columns “Sustainability strategy pillars” that identify how the impacts are connected to the Ferrari strategy. For more details on our sustainabil- ity strategy pillars and how sustainability topics are connected see the table in “ESRS 2—General disclo- sures—Strategy”.

[PAGE 190]
ESRS FERRARI MATERIAL TOPICS MAIN IMPACTS 2024(1) NATURE TIME HORIZON(2) PERIMETER (3) E1 Climate change Energy consumption (within the organization) and related Greenhou- se gas emissions (Scope 1 / Scope 2) with negative impact on climate change and the community (e.g. Maranello) Act/ Neg Short term Own operations Energy consumption and related GHG emissions for downstream acti- vities (e.g. outbound logistics, vehicles usage and use of sold products) (Scope 3) with negative impact on climate change Act/ Neg Short term Downstre- am Energy consumption and related GHG emissions for upstream acti- vities (e.g. raw material purchased and inbound logistics) (Scope 3) with negative impact on climate change Act/ Neg Short term Upstream E2 Natural resources management Group’s contribution to pollution due to substances of concern and substances of very high concern Pot/ Neg Short term Own operations E5 Circular economy Production of hazardous / non-hazardous waste by the organization Act/ Neg Short term Own operations Production of hazardous / non-hazardous waste by the supply chain Act/ Neg Short term Upstream Promotion of circularity within the value chain to reduce the use of natural resources and waste produced by suppliers Act/Pos Short term Upstream Reduction of waste thanks to the increase of durability, reparability and recyclability of spare parts (e.g. racing and sports cars) or pro- ducts (e.g. lifestyle) Pot/ Pos Short term Own operations S1 Talent attraction, retention and development Positive impacts on employees’ motivation and sense of belonging thanks to secure employment and working time, competitive remu- neration, benefits, training opportunities and career development Act/Pos Short term Own operations Loss of knowledge and key skills due to high turnover or low deve- lopment with negative indirect impacts on stakeholders (e.g. custo- mers) Pot/ Neg Medium term Own operations Diversity and inclusion Impacts on Ferrari’s employee’s satisfaction and engagement by promoting awareness and culture about diversity and inclusion Act/Pos Short term Own operations Health, safety and well-being Work-life balance, attention to mental health with positive impacts on employees’ physical and mental well-being Act/Pos Short term Own operations Work-related injuries (employees, workers whose work or workpla- ce is controlled by Ferrari) Pot/ Neg Short term Own operations Data responsibili- ty, privacy and cybersecurity Willful and/or unintentional security breaches involving confidential business information, stakeholder privacy and losses of stakeholder data, for the detriment of stakeholders (employees) Pot/ Neg Short term Own operations S2 Diversity and inclusion Incidents of discrimination (including gender discrimination in remu- neration) and/or abuse along the value chain Pot/ Neg Short term Upstream Human rights Violation of human rights along the value chain (e.g. right to free- dom of association and collective bargaining, child labor, forced or compulsory labor also related to conflict minerals) with impacts on human dignity Pot/ Neg Short term Upstream S3 Responsibility towards the com- munity and future generations Support community education through general and technical programs Act/Pos Short term Own operations Impact on the community (e.g. Maranello) wealth thanks to the em- ployment (e.g. job opportunities for local students, financial stability of employees) Act/Pos Short term Own operations S4 Quality and Safety Reduced level of vehicle safety and quality with consequent increa- sed risks for clients Pot/ Neg Short term Own operations Ethics and Busi- ness Conduct Reduced customer satisfaction/experience and limited customer choice in the event of lack of access to information or in the event of access to partial or misleading information Pot/ Neg Short term Own operations Data responsibi- lity, privacy and cybersecurity Willful and/or unintentional security breaches involving confidential bu- siness information, stakeholder privacy and losses of stakeholder data, for the detriment of stakeholders (clients) Pot/ Neg Short term Own operations G1 Ethics and Busi- ness Conduct Promote awareness and culture about ethics of Ferrari management, employees, business partners and other stakeholders, through speci- fic tools (Whistleblowing channel) and training Act/Pos Short term Own operations Impacts on suppliers, especially SMEs, due to late payments on the contractual payment terms Pot/ Neg Medium term Own operations (1) All material negative impacts on social topics are related to individual incidents. (2) We consider as short-term time horizon within 1 year; for the medium-term time horizon between 1 and 5 years; and for the long- term time horizon beyond 5 years. (3) For the composition of the value chain of Ferrari N.V. please refer to “ESRS 2—General disclosures—Our Business Model” paragraph.

[TABLE] ESRS | FERRARI
MATERIAL TOPICS | MAIN IMPACTS 2024(1) | NATURE | TIME
HORIZON(2) | PERIMETER (3)

[PAGE 191]
SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY PILLAR BUSINESS DIMENSIONS TYPE OF INVOLVEMENT IMPACTED STAKEHOLDER Reducing our environmental footprint Sports Cars/Racing/Lifestyle Caused through group’s activi- ties and directly linked through its business relationship • Own workforce • Affected communities • Workers in the value chain • Environment • Consumers Reducing our environmental footprint Sports Cars/Racing/Lifestyle Directly linked through its business relationship • Own workforce • Affected communities • Workers in the value chain • Environment • Consumers Reducing our environmental footprint Sports Cars/Racing/Lifestyle Directly linked through its business relationship • Own workforce • Affected communities • Workers in the value chain • Consumers • Environment Reducing our environmental footprint Sports Cars/Lifestyle Caused through group’s activities • Own workforce • Affected communities • Workers in the value chain • Environment • Consumers Reducing our environmental footprint Sports Cars/Racing/Lifestyle Caused through group’s activities • Own workforce • Affected communities • Workers in the value chain • Environment • Consumers Reducing our environmental footprint Sports Cars/Racing/Lifestyle Directly linked through its business relationship • Affected communities • Workers in the value chain • Environment Reducing our environmental footprint Sports Cars/Racing/Lifestyle Caused through group’s activities • Environment Reducing our environmental footprint Sports Cars/Racing/Lifestyle Caused through group’s activities • Environment Being the employer of choice Sports Cars/Racing/Lifestyle Caused through group’s activities • Own workforce • Consumers Being the employer of choice Sports Cars/Racing/Lifestyle Caused through group’s activities • Own workforce • Consumers Being the employer of choice Sports Cars/Racing/Lifestyle Caused through group’s activities • Own workforce Being the employer of choice Sports Cars/Racing/Lifestyle Caused through group’s activities • Own workforce Being the employer of choice Sports Cars/Racing/Lifestyle Caused through group’s activities • Own workforce Proactively fostering best practice governance Sports Cars/Racing/Lifestyle Caused through group’s activi- ties and directly linked through its business relationship • Own workforce Proactively fostering best practice governance Sports Cars/Racing/Lifestyle Directly linked through its business relationship • Workers in the value chain Proactively fostering best practice governance Sports Cars/Racing/Lifestyle Directly linked through its business relationship • Workers in the value chain Creating and sharing value with the community Sports Cars/Racing/Lifestyle Caused through group’s activities • Affected communities Creating and sharing value with the community Sports Cars/Racing/Lifestyle Caused through group’s activities • Affected communities Exceeding expectations Sports Cars/Racing Caused through group’s activities • Consumers Proactively fostering best practice governance Sports Cars/Racing/Lifestyle Caused through group’s activities • Consumers Proactively fostering best practice governance Sports Cars/Racing/Lifestyle Caused through group’s activities and directly linked through its business relationship • Consumers Proactively fostering best practice governance Sports Cars/Racing/Lifestyle Caused through group’s activities • Own workforce • Affected communities • Workers in the value chain Proactively fostering best practice governance Sports Cars/Racing/Lifestyle Caused through group’s activities • Own workforce • Affected communities • Workers in the value chain The column “Perimeter” identifies where the material impacts are concentrated in Ferrari’s own operations and value chain, whereas, the column “Business dimensions” identifies where the material impacts are concentrated in Ferrari’s business model.

[TABLE] SUSTAINABILITY
STRATEGY PILLAR | BUSINESS DIMENSIONS | TYPE OF INVOLVEMENT | IMPACTED STAKEHOLDER

[PAGE 192]
192 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F ESRS FERRARI MATERIAL TOPICS MAIN RISKS 2024 SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY PILLAR BUSINESS DIMENSIONS DEPENDENCIES E1 Climate change Fast paced and uncertain laws and technical regulations proliferation: Regulatory tightening on environmental (e.g., CO2 reduction), enhanced by societal pressures and uncertain in timing/type of future approval constraints (e.g., EU7 emissions, short lead time between disclosure of technical requirements and required date of compliance) Reducing our environmental footprint Sports Cars/ Racing – Challenge in targeting Ferrari Carbon Footprint strategy related to Scope 3 Indirect Emissions with main focus on Upstream Reducing our environmental footprint Sports Cars/ Racing/Lifestyle Energy consumption and related GHG emissions for upstream activities (e.g. raw material purchased and inbound logistics) (Scope 3) with negative impact on climate change S1 Talent attraction, retention and development Usage of external resources that can have critical competence and know- how, and deal with strategic projects Being the employer of choice Sports Cars/ Racing/Lifestyle Dependency on human resource Cybersecurity incidents deriving from successful external/internal cyber attacks (phishing, malware, ransomware, social engineering, etc.) on Ferrari or its Third Parties Being the employer of choice Sports Cars/ Racing/Lifestyle Willful and/ or unintentional security breaches involving confidential business information, stakeholder privacy and losses of stakeholder data, for the detriment of stakeholders (employee) Willful and/or unintentional security breaches involving confidential business information, stakeholder privacy and losses of stakeholder data, for the detriment of stakeholders (clients) S4 Quality and Safety Fast paced and uncertain laws and technical regulations proliferation: Regulatory tightening on safety (e.g., system, speed limits, autonomous drive / ADAS), noise (i.e., limits on dB emitted) and software update (e.g. R156), enhanced by societal pressures and uncertain in timing/type of future approval constraints (e.g., EU7 emissions, short lead time between disclosure of technical requirements and required date of compliance) Exceeding expectations Sports Cars/ Racing/Lifestyle – G1 Ethics and business conduct Potential non-compliance with Anticorruption Laws requirements due to external context (e.g. regulatory requirements’ tightening, engaging with third-party vendors / agents with questionable integrity) Proactively fostering best practice governance Sports Cars/ Racing/Lifestyle –

[TABLE] ESRS | FERRARI
MATERIAL
TOPICS | MAIN RISKS 2024 | SUSTAINABILITY
STRATEGY PILLAR | BUSINESS
DIMENSIONS | DEPENDENCIES

[PAGE 193]
193 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F ESRS FERRARI MATERIAL TOPICS MAIN OPPORTUNITIES 2024 SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY PILLAR BUSINESS DIMENSIONS DEPENDENCIES/ IMPACTS E1 Climate change Energy efficiency: Using renewable energy at a reduced cost plus investing in low carbon technologies that could result in lower carbon footprint, lower energy consumption and lower energy costs Reducing our environmental footprint Sports Cars/Racing Dependency on natural resources E5 Circular Economy Circular economy manufacturing initiatives implemented: (1) use of recycled materials (2) recovery of production waste for recycling (3) projects aimed at ensuring an extension of product life Reducing our environmental footprint Sports Cars/Racing/ Lifestyle Dependency on natural resources S1 Talent attraction, retention and development Increased responsiveness to market challenges by re-skilling and up-skilling employees (e.g. for full-electric vehicles) Being the employer of choice Sports Cars/Racing/ Lifestyle - Employee satisfaction & retention - The matter includes adequate wages, training and development of employees: attracting, retaining and developing the best talent through policies and practices related to employees as an opportunity for the company Being the employer of choice Sports Cars/Racing/ Lifestyle Positive impacts on employees’ motivation and sense of belonging thanks to secure employment and working time, competitive remuneration, benefits, training opportunities and career development Diversity & Inclusion Diversity of governing body/executive team - The capabilities and perspectives of board/executive team members are important for making robust decisions on an ongoing basis Being the employer of choice Sports Cars/Racing/ Lifestyle Impacts on Ferrari’s employee's satisfaction and engagement by promoting awareness and culture about diversity and inclusion S3 Responsibility towards the community and future generations Improved reputation and acquisition of new skills/expertise through stronger relationships with local communities and wealth generation (e.g. collaboration with schools and universities, local job creation, support for small local businesses) Creating and sharing value with community Sports Cars/Racing/ Lifestyle Support community education through general and technical programs Material risks and opportunities are concentrated on Ferrari’s own operations. The columns “Business dimensions” identify where in Ferrari’s business model the material risks and opportunities are concentrated. The columns “Sustainability strategy pillars” identify how the impacts are connected to the Ferrari strategy. The following environmental topics resulted as not relevant according to the double materiality assessment: • Water Management (E3) has been evaluated as not relevant since water consumption in busi- ness as usual of Ferrari operations is not signif- icant. According to Directive 2000/60/CE and ARPAE screening, Ferrari sites are not located in water risk areas. The Company has not carried out consultations with affected communities re- garding water and marine resource-related sus- tainability assessments. • Biodiversity (E4) has been evaluated as not relevant since Ferrari sites are not located in or near biodiversity-sensitive areas accord- ing to Directive 2009/147/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council on the conserva- tion of wild birds, to Council Directive 92/43/EEC on the conservation of natural habitats and of wild fauna and flora, and Italian list of recognized Protected Areas state by the Italian law. For this reason, Ferrari has not identified and assessed actual or potential impacts, dependencies, risks, or opportunities related to biodiversity and eco- systems across its own site locations or its up- stream and downstream value chain. Similarly, the Company has not identified or assessed its dependencies on biodiversity and ecosystem services, including any potential disruptions,

[TABLE] ESRS | FERRARI
MATERIAL
TOPICS | MAIN OPPORTUNITIES 2024 | SUSTAINABILITY
STRATEGY PILLAR | BUSINESS
DIMENSIONS | DEPENDENCIES/
IMPACTS

[PAGE 195]
195 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F nor has it applied specific assessment criteria in this regard. Ferrari has not conducted an eval- uation of transition and physical risks and op- portunities related to biodiversity and ecosys- tems based on its impacts and dependencies, nor has it considered systemic risks associated with these factors. Moreover, the Company has not carried out consultations with affected com- munities regarding sustainability assessments of shared biological resources and ecosystems. In this context, Ferrari has not identified specific sites, raw material production, or sourcing ac- tivities that may negatively impact biodiversity and ecosystems in relation to affected commu- nities, nor has it engaged affected communities in the materiality assessment where they could be impacted. Additionally, the Company has not assessed the effects of its operations on ecosys- tem services relevant to affected communities, nor has it defined measures to avoid negative impacts. Where impacts are unavoidable, no mitigation plans have been established to main- tain the value and functionality of priority ser- vices. Ferrari continues to monitor regulatory developments and stakeholder expectations in this area and will evaluate the need for further assessments in the future. Information about the Scenario Analysis was per- formed taking into consideration climate-related risks and includes consequences in terms of resil- ience of the strategy are available at “E1—Climate change—Climate Scenario Analysis” paragraph. No other topic has been covered by a resilience analysis. For the description of positive impacts, refer to “S1—Own workforce and S3—Affected communities” paragraphs. No positive impacts emerged from the Double materiality assessment related to Workers in the value chain and Consumers and End-user. Considering the material risks and opportu- nities, we identified current financial effects only related to the risk ‘Fast paced and uncertain laws and technical regulations proliferation’ resulting in provisions for approximately €22 million being a por- tion of “Environmental and other risk” (see Note 23— Provisions of the Consolidated Financial Statement). We do not have identified any significant risk of material adjustment within the next annual reporting period to the carrying amounts of assets and liabili- ties reported in the related financial statements. The double materiality assessment is an ongo- ing process that may be impacted in time by sec- tor-specific standards to be adopted or develop- ments in stakeholder expectations, regulatory developments, changes in risk management or new business developments.

[PAGE 196]
TABLE APPENDIX B Disclosure Requirement and related data point SFDR (1) reference Pillar 3 (2) reference ESRS 2 GOV-1 Board’s gender diversity paragraph 21 (d) Indicator number 13 of Table #1 of Annex 1 ESRS 2 GOV-1 Percentage of board members who are independent paragraph 21 (e) ESRS 2 GOV-4 Statement on due diligence paragraph 30 Indicator number 10 Table #3 of Annex 1 ESRS 2 SBM-1 Involvement in activities related to fossil fuel activities paragraph 40 (d) i Indicators number 4 Table #1 of Annex 1 Article 449a Regulation (EU) No 575/2013; Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2022/2453(6) Table 1: Qualitative information on Environmental risk and Table 2: Qualitative information on Social risk ESRS 2 SBM-1 Involvement in activities related to chemical production paragraph 40 (d) ii Indicator number 9 Table #2 of Annex 1 ESRS 2 SBM-1 Involvement in activities related to controversial weapons paragraph 40 (d) iii Indicator number 14 Table #1 of Annex 1 ESRS 2 SBM-1 Involvement in activities related to cultivation and production of tobacco paragraph 40 (d) iv ESRS E1-1 Transition plan to reach climate neutrality by 2050 paragraph 14 ESRS E1-1 Undertakings excluded from Paris-aligned Benchmarks paragraph 16 (g) Article 449a Regulation (EU) No 575/2013; Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2022/2453 Template 1: Banking book-Climate Change transition risk: Credit quality of exposures by sector, emissions and residual maturity ESRS E1-4 GHG emission reduction targets paragraph 34 Indicator number 4 Table #2 of Annex 1 Article 449a Regulation (EU) No 575/2013; Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2022/2453 Template 3: Banking book – Climate change transition risk: alignment metrics ESRS E1-5 Energy consumption from fossil sources disaggregated by sources (only high climate impact sectors) paragraph 38 Indicator number 5 Table #1 and Indicator n. 5 Table #2 of Annex 1 ESRS E1-5 Energy consumption and mix paragraph 37 Indicator number 5 Table #1 of Annex 1 ESRS E1-5 Energy intensity associated with activities in high climate impact sectors paragraphs 40 to 43 Indicator number 6 Table #1 of Annex 1 ESRS E1-6 Gross Scope 1, 2, 3 and Total GHG emissions paragraph 44 Indicators number 1 and 2 Table #1 of Annex 1 Article 449a; Regulation (EU) No 575/2013; Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2022/2453 Template 1: Banking book – Climate change transition risk: Credit quality of exposures by sector, emissions and residual maturity ESRS E1-6 Gross GHG emissions intensity paragraphs 53 to 55 Indicators number 3 Table #1 of Annex 1 Article 449a Regulation (EU) No 575/2013; Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2022/2453 Template 3: Banking book – Climate change transition risk: alignment metrics

[TABLE] Disclosure Requirement
and related data point | SFDR (1) reference | Pillar 3 (2) reference

[PAGE 197]
Benchmark Regulation (3) reference EU Climate Law (4) reference Disclosure Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816(5), Annex II ESRS 2 - General disclosures | Governance, Diversity Policy Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II ESRS 2 - General disclosures | Governance ESRS 2 - General disclosures | Governance | Our Decision-Making Process, Statement on due diligence Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II Ferrari is not active in fossil fuel, chemicals production, controversial weapons and in the cultivation and production of tobacco Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II ESRS 2 - General disclosures | Strategy Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818(7), Article 12(1) Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II ESRS 2 - General disclosures | Strategy Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818, Article 12(1) Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II ESRS 2 - General disclosures | Strategy Regulation (EU) 2021/1119, Article 2(1) E1 - Climate Change | Our Strategy to Reach Carbon Neutrality by 2030 Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818, Article12.1 (d) to (g), and Article 12.2 E1 - Climate Change | Our Strategy to Reach Carbon Neutrality by 2030 Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818, Article 6 E1 - Climate change | Our targets E1 - Climate change | Efficient energy use E1 - Climate change | Efficient energy use E1 - Climate change | Efficient energy use Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818, Article 5(1), 6 and 8(1) E1 - Climate change | Our GHG Emissions Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818, Article 8(1) E1 - Climate change | Our GHG Emissions

[TABLE] Benchmark Regulation (3)
reference | EU Climate Law (4)
reference | Disclosure

[PAGE 198]
Disclosure Requirement and related data point SFDR (1) reference Pillar 3 (2) reference ESRS E1-7 GHG removals and carbon credits paragraph 56 ESRS E1-9 Exposure of the benchmark portfolio to climate-related physical risks paragraph 66 ESRS E1-9 Disaggregation of monetary amounts by acute and chronic physical risk paragraph 66 (a) ESRS E1-9 Location of significant assets at material physical risk paragraph 66 (c). Article 449a Regulation (EU) No 575/2013; Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2022/2453 paragraphs 46 and 47; Template 5: Banking book - Climate change physical risk: Exposures subject to physical risk. ESRS E1-9 Breakdown of the carrying value of its real estate assets by energy- efficiency classes paragraph 67 (c). Article 449a Regulation (EU) No 575/2013; Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2022/2453 paragraph 34; Template 2:Banking book -Climate change transition risk: Loans collateralised by immovable property - Energy efficiency of the collateral ESRS E1-9 Degree of exposure of the portfolio to climate- related opportunities paragraph 69 Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818, Annex II ESRS E2-4 Amount of each pollutant listed in Annex II of the E-PRTR Regulation (European Pollutant Release and Transfer Register) emitted to air, water and soil, paragraph 28 Indicator number 8 Table #1 of Annex 1 Indicator number 2 Table #2 of Annex 1 Indicator number 1 Table #2 of Annex 1 Indicator number 3 Table #2 of Annex 1 ESRS E3-1 Water and marine resources paragraph 9 Indicator number 7 Table #2 of Annex 1 ESRS E3-1 Dedicated policy paragraph 13 Indicator number 8 Table #2 of Annex 1 ESRS E3-1 Sustainable oceans and seas paragraph 14 Indicator number 12 Table #2 of Annex 1 ESRS E3-4 Total water recycled and reused paragraph 28 (c) Indicator number 6.2 Table #2 of Annex 1 ESRS E3-4 Total water consumption in m3 per net revenue on own operations paragraph 29 Indicator number 6.1 Table #2 of Annex 1 ESRS 2- IRO 1 - E4 paragraph 16 (a) i Indicator number 7 Table #1 of Annex 1 ESRS 2- IRO 1 - E4 paragraph 16 (b) Indicator number 10 Table #2 of Annex 1 ESRS 2- IRO 1 - E4 paragraph 16 (c) Indicator number 14 Table #2 of Annex 1 ESRS E4-2 Sustainable land / agriculture practices or policies paragraph 24 (b) Indicator number 11 Table #2 of Annex 1 ESRS E4-2 Sustainable oceans / seas practices or policies paragraph 24 (c) Indicator number 12 Table #2 of Annex 1 ESRS E4-2 Policies to address deforestation paragraph 24 (d) Indicator number 15 Table #2 of Annex 1 ESRS E5-5 Non-recycled waste paragraph 37 (d) Indicator number 13 Table #2 of Annex 1 ESRS E5-5 Hazardous waste and radioactive waste paragraph 39 Indicator number 9 Table #1 of Annex 1 ESRS 2- SBM3 - S1 Risk of incidents of forced labour paragraph 14 (f) Indicator number 13 Table #3 of Annex I

[TABLE] Disclosure Requirement
and related data point | SFDR (1) reference | Pillar 3 (2) reference

[PAGE 199]
Benchmark Regulation (3) reference EU Climate Law (4) reference Disclosure Regulation (EU) 2021/1119, Article 2(1) E1 - Climate change | GHG removals and GHG mitigation projects financed through carbon credits Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818, Annex II Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II For fiscal year 2024, which corresponds to the first year of sustainability report in accordance with ESRS, Ferrari has decided to make use of the phase-in option in relation to the disclosure of the expected financial effects of physical and material transition risks. Not relevant according to Ferrari’s double materiality assessment Not relevant according to Ferrari’s double materiality assessment Not relevant according to Ferrari’s double materiality assessment E5 - Resource use and circular economy | Resource outflows E5 - Resource use and circular economy | Resource outflows S1 - Own workforce | Human Rights

[TABLE] Benchmark Regulation (3)
reference | EU Climate Law (4)
reference | Disclosure

[PAGE 200]
Disclosure Requirement and related data point SFDR (1) reference Pillar 3 (2) reference ESRS 2- SBM3 - S1 Risk of incidents of child labour paragraph 14 (g) Indicator number 12 Table #3 of Annex I ESRS S1-1 Human rights policy commitments paragraph 20 Indicator number 9 Table #3 and Indicator number 11 Table #1 of Annex I ESRS S1-1 Due diligence policies on issues addressed by the fundamental International Labor Organisation Conventions 1 to 8, paragraph 21 ESRS S1-1 processes and measures for preventing trafficking in human beings paragraph 22 Indicator number 11 Table #3 of Annex I ESRS S1-1 workplace accident prevention policy or management system paragraph 23 Indicator number 1 Table #3 of Annex I ESRS S1-3 grievance/complaints handling mechanisms paragraph 32 (c) Indicator number 5 Table #3 of Annex I ESRS S1-14 Number of fatalities and number and rate of work- related accidents paragraph 88 (b) and (c) Indicator number 2 Table #3 of Annex I ESRS S1-14 Number of days lost to injuries, accidents, fatalities or illness paragraph 88 (e) Indicator number 3 Table #3 of Annex I ESRS S1-16 Unadjusted gender pay gap paragraph 97 (a) Indicator number 12 Table #1 of Annex I ESRS S1-16 Excessive CEO pay ratio paragraph 97 (b) Indicator number 8 Table #3 of Annex I ESRS S1-17 Incidents of discrimination paragraph 103 (a) Indicator number 7 Table #3 of Annex I ESRS S1-17 Non-respect of UNGPs on Business and Human Rights and OECD paragraph 104 (a) Indicator number 10 Table #1 and Indicator n. 14 Table #3 of Annex I ESRS 2- SBM3 – S2 Significant risk of child labour or forced labour in the value chain paragraph 11 (b) Indicators number 12 and n. 13 Table #3 of Annex I ESRS S2-1 Human rights policy commitments paragraph 17 Indicator number 9 Table #3 and Indicator n. 11 Table #1 of Annex 1 ESRS S2-1 Policies related to value chain workers paragraph 18 Indicator number 11 and n. 4 Table #3 of Annex 1 ESRS S2-1 Non-respect of UNGPs on Business and Human Rights principles and OECD guidelines paragraph 19 Indicator number 10 Table #1 of Annex 1 ESRS S2-1 Due diligence policies on issues addressed by the fundamental International Labor Organisation Conventions 1 to 8, paragraph 19 ESRS S2-4 Human rights issues and incidents connected to its upstream and downstream value chain paragraph 36 Indicator number 14 Table #3 of Annex 1 ESRS S3-1 Human rights policy commitments paragraph 16 Indicator number 9 Table #3 of Annex 1 and Indicator number 11 Table #1 of Annex 1 ESRS S3-1 non-respect of UNGPs on Business and Human Rights, ILO principles or and OECD guidelines paragraph 17 Indicator number 10 Table #1 Annex 1

[TABLE] Disclosure Requirement
and related data point | SFDR (1) reference | Pillar 3 (2) reference

[PAGE 201]
Benchmark Regulation (3) reference EU Climate Law (4) reference Disclosure S1 - Own workforce | Human Rights S1 - Own workforce | Human Rights Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II S1 - Own workforce | Human Rights S1 - Own workforce | Human Rights S1- Own workforce | Health and Safety, Our policy S1 - Own workforce | Stakeholder Engagement Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II S1 – Own workforce | Health and Safety, Our metrics S1 - Own workforce | Health and Safety, Our metrics Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II S1 - Own workforce | Diversity and Inclusion, Our metrics S1 - Own workforce | Diversity and Inclusion, Our metrics S1 - Own workforce | Human Rights Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818 Art 12 (1) S1 - Own workforce | Human Rights S2 - Workers in the value chain | Workers in the value chain S2 - Workers in the value chain | Workers in the value chain, Our policy S2 - Workers in the value chain | Our policy Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818, Art 12 (1) S2 - Workers in the value chain | Our policy Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II S2 - Workers in the value chain | Our policy S2 - Workers in the value chain | Our policy S3 - Affected communities | Our policy Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818, Art 12 (1) S3 - Affected communities | Our policy

[TABLE] Benchmark Regulation (3)
reference | EU Climate Law (4)
reference | Disclosure

[PAGE 202]
Disclosure Requirement and related data point SFDR (1) reference Pillar 3 (2) reference ESRS S3-4 Human rights issues and incidents paragraph 36 Indicator number 14 Table #3 of Annex 1 ESRS S4-1 Policies related to consumers and end-users paragraph 16 Indicator number 9 Table #3 and Indicator number 11 Table #1 of Annex 1 ESRS S4-1 Non-respect of UNGPs on Business and Human Rights and OECD guidelines paragraph 17 Indicator number 10 Table #1 of Annex 1 ESRS S4-4 Human rights issues and incidents paragraph 35 Indicator number 14 Table #3 of Annex 1 ESRS G1-1 United Nations Convention against Corruption paragraph 10 (b) Indicator number 15 Table #3 of Annex 1 ESRS G1-1 Protection of whistle- blowers paragraph 10 (d) Indicator number 6 Table #3 of Annex 1 ESRS G1-4 Fines for violation of anti- corruption and anti-bribery laws paragraph 24 (a) ESRS G1-4 Standards of anti- corruption and anti- bribery paragraph 24 (b) Indicator number 16 Table #3 of Annex 1 (1) Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019on sustainability-related disclosures in the financial services sector (Sustainable Finance Disclosures Regulation) (OJ L 317, 9.12.2019, p. 1). (2) Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (Capital Requirements Regulation “CRR”) (OJ L 176, 27.6.2013, p. 1). (3) Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (OJ L 171, 29.6.2016, p. 1). (4) Regulation (EU) 2021/1119 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 30 June 2021establishing the framework for achieving climate neutrality and amending Regulations (EC) No 401/2009 and (EU) 2018/1999 (‘European Climate Law’) (OJ L 243, 9.7.2021, p. 1).

[TABLE] Disclosure Requirement
and related data point | SFDR (1) reference | Pillar 3 (2) reference

[PAGE 203]
Benchmark Regulation (3) reference EU Climate Law (4) reference Disclosure S3 - Affected communities | Our policy S1 - Own workforce | Stakeholder Engagement Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818, Art 12 (1) S4 - Consumers and End-users | Stakeholders Engagement S4 - Consumers and End-users | Stakeholders Engagement G1 - Business Conduct | Anti-Bribery and Anticorruption Practice G1 - Business Conduct | Whistleblowing G1 - Business Conduct | Anti-Bribery and Anticorruption Practice G1 - Business Conduct | Anti-Bribery and Anticorruption Practice (5) Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816 of 17 July 2020supplementing Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the explanation in the benchmark statement of how environmental, social and governance factors are reflected in each benchmark provided and published (OJ L 406, 3.12.2020, p. 1). (6) Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2022/2453 of 30 November 2022amending the implementing technical standards laid down in Implementing Regulation (EU) 2021/637 as regards the disclosure of environmental, social and governance risks (OJ L 324,19.12.2022, p.1.). (7) Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818 of 17 July 2020supplementing Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards minimum standards for EU Climate Transition Benchmarks and EU Paris-aligned Benchmarks (OJ L 406, 3.12.2020, p. 17).

[TABLE] Benchmark Regulation (3)
reference | EU Climate Law (4)
reference | Disclosure

[PAGE 204]
204 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F CONTENT INDEX Disclosure Requirement Disclosure section GENERAL DISCLOSURES ESRS 2 BP-1 General basis for preparation of sustainability statements ESRS 2 - General Disclosures | Basis for preparation ESRS 2 BP-2 Disclosures in relation to specific circumstances ESRS 2 - General Disclosures | Basis for preparation ESRS 2 GOV-1 The role of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies ESRS 2 - General Disclosures | Governance ESRS 2 GOV-2 Information provided to and sustainability matters addressed by the undertaking’s administrative, management and supervisory bodies ESRS 2 - General Disclosures | Governance ESRS 2 GOV-3 Integration of sustainability-related performance in incentive scheme ESRS 2 - General Disclosures | Integration of sustainability-related performance in incentive scheme ESRS 2 GOV-4 Statement on due diligence ESRS 2 - General Disclosures | Statement on due diligence ESRS 2 GOV-5 Risk management and internal controls over sustainability reporting ESRS 2 - General Disclosures | Risk management and internal controls over sustainability reporting ESRS 2 SBM-1 Strategy, business model and value chain ESRS 2 - General Disclosure | Strategy, Our Business Model ESRS 2 SBM-2 Interests and views of stakeholders ESRS 2 - General Disclosure | Interests and views of stakeholders, Double materiality assessment methodology ESRS 2 SBM-3 Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model ESRS 2 - General Disclosures | Impact, risks and opportunities management, Double materiality assessment methodology ESRS 2 IRO-1 Description of the processes to identify and assess material impacts, risks and opportunities ESRS 2 - General Disclosure | Double materiality assessment methodology ESRS 2 IRO-2 Disclosure requirements in ESRS covered by the undertaking’s sustainability statement ESRS 2 - General Disclosure | Double materiality assessment methodology ESRS 2 MDR-P Minimum disclosure requirement on Policies Please refer to MDR-P disclosed in each Topical Standard below. ESRS 2 MDR-A Minimum disclosure requirement on Actions Please refer to MDR-A disclosed in each Topical Standard below. ESRS 2 MDR-T Minimum disclosure requirement on Targets Please refer to MDR-T disclosed in each Topical Standard below. ESRS 2 MDR-M Minimum disclosure requirement on Metrics Please refer to MDR-M disclosed in each Topical Standard below. ENVIRONMENTAL INFORMATION E1 CLIMATE CHANGE ESRS 2 GOV-3 E1 Integration of sustainability-related performance in incentive scheme E1 - Climate change | Our targets ESRS E1-1 Transition plan for climate change mitigation E1 - Climate change | Our Strategy to Reach Carbon Neutrality by 2030, Impact, Risk and Opportunity Management, Our targets, Efficient energy use, Our GHG Emissions, GHG removals and GHG mitigation projects financed through carbon credit ESRS 2 SBM-3 Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model E1 - Climate change | Impact, Risk and Opportunity Management ESRS 2 IRO-1 Description of the processes to identify and assess material climate-related impacts, risks and opportunities E1 - Climate change | Our Strategy to Reach Carbon Neutrality by 2030, Impact, Risk and Opportunity Management ESRS E1-2, MDR-P Policies related to climate change mitigation and adaptation E1 - Climate change | Our policy ESRS E1-3, MDR-A Actions and resources in relation to climate change policies E1 - Climate change | Our Strategy to Reach Carbon Neutrality by 2030, Efficient energy use, Our GHG Emission ESRS E1-4, MDR-T Targets related to climate change mitigation and adaptation E1 - Climate change | Our targets, Our GHG Emissions ESRS E1-5 Energy consumption and mix E1 - Climate change | Efficient energy use ESRS E1-6 Gross Scopes 1, 2, 3 and Total GHG emissions E1 - Climate change | Our GHG Emissions ESRS E1-7 GHG removals and GHG mitigation projects financed through carbon credits E1 - Climate change | GHG removals and GHG mitigation projects financed through carbon credits

[TABLE] ESRS 2 MDR-M Minimum disclosure requirement on Metrics | Please refer to MDR-M disclosed in each Topical Standard below.
[TABLE] ENVIRONMENTAL INFORMATION
[TABLE] E1 CLIMATE CHANGE

[PAGE 205]
205 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F ESRS E1-8 Internal carbon pricing E1 - Climate change | European Union Emission Trading System (EU-ETS) ESRS E1-9 Anticipated financial effects from material physical and transition risks and potential climate-related opportunities For fiscal year 2024, which corresponds to the first year of sustainability report in accordance with ESRS, Ferrari has decided to make use of the phase-in option in relation to the disclosure of the expected financial effects of physical and material transition risks. E2 POLLUTION ESRS 2, IRO-1 Description of the processes to identify and assess material pollution-related impacts, risks and opportunities E2 - Pollution | Our policy ESRS E2-1, MDR-P Policies related to pollution E2 - Pollution | Our policy ESRS E2-2, MDR-A Actions and resources related to pollution E2 - Pollution | Our actions and targets ESRS E2-3, MDR-T Targets related to pollution E2 - Pollution | Our actions and targets ESRS E2-5 Substances of concern and substances of very high concern E2 - Pollution | Our metrics ESRS E2-6 Anticipated financial effects from pollution-related impacts, risks and opportunities For fiscal year 2024, which corresponds to the first year of sustainability report preparation in accordance with ESRS, Ferrari has decided to make use of the phase-in option in relation to the disclosure of the expected financial effects of physical and material transition risks. E3 WATER AND MARINE RESOURCES ESRS 2, IRO-1 Description of the processes to identify and assess water and marine resources-related impacts, risks and opportunities ESRS 2 - General disclosure | Impacts, risks and opportunities management E4 BIODIVERSITY AND ECOSYSTEMS ESRS 2, IRO-1 Description of the processes to identify and assess biodiversity and ecosystem-related impacts, risks and opportunities ESRS 2 - General disclosure | Impacts, risks and opportunities management E5 RESOURCE USE AND CIRCULAR ECONOMY ESRS 2 IRO-1 Description of the processes to identify and assess material resource use and circular economy-related impacts, risks and opportunities E5 - Resource use and circular economy | Our policy ESRS E5-1, MDR-P Policies related to resource use and circular economy E5 - Resource use and circular economy | Our policy ESRS E5-2, MDR-A Actions and resources related to resource use and circular economy E5 - Resource use and circular economy | Our actions ESRS E5-3, MDR-T Targets related to resource use and circular economy E5 - Resource use and circular economy | Our targets ESRS E5-4 Resource inflows E5 - Resource use and circular economy | Resource inflows ESRS E5-5 Resource outflows E5 - Resource use and circular economy | Resource outflows ESRS E5-6 Anticipated financial effects from resource use and circular economy-related impacts, risks and opportunities For fiscal year 2024, which corresponds to the first year of sustainability report in accordance with ESRS, Ferrari has decided to make use of the phase-in option in relation to the disclosure of the expected financial effects of physical and material transition risks. SOCIAL INFORMATION S1 OWN WORKFORCE ESRS 2 SBM-2 Interests and views of stakeholders S1 - Own workforce | Stakeholder Engagement ESRS 2 SBM-3 Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model S1 - Own workforce | Stakeholder Engagement S1 - Own workforce | Health, Safety and well-being, Health & Safety, Our policy S1 - Own workforce | Characteristics of Ferrari employees S1 - Own workforce | Data Responsibility, Privacy and Cybersecurity ESRS S1-1 Policies related to own workforce S1 - Own workforce | Talent attraction, retention and development, Our policy S1 - Own workforce | Diversity and Inclusion, Our policy S1 - Own workforce | Health and Safety, Our policy S1 - Own workforce | Data Responsibility, Privacy and Cybersecurity, Our policy

[TABLE] E2 POLLUTION
[TABLE] ESRS 2, IRO-1 Description of the processes to identify and assess
material pollution-related impacts, risks and opportunities | E2 - Pollution | Our policy
[TABLE] SOCIAL INFORMATION
[TABLE] S1 OWN WORKFORCE

[PAGE 206]
206 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F ESRS S1-2 Processes for engaging with own workers and workers’ representatives about impacts S1 - Own workforce | Stakeholder Engagement ESRS S1-3 Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for own workers to raise concern S1 - Own workforce | Stakeholder Engagement ESRS S1-4, MDR-A Taking action on material impacts on own workforce, and approaches to mitigating material risks and pursuing material opportunities related to own workforce, and effectiveness of those actions S1 - Own workforce | Talent attraction, retention and development | Training and Talent Development, Our actions S1 - Own workforce | Talent attraction, retention and development | Talent Recruitment and Employee Retention, Our actions S1 - Own workforce | Diversity and Inclusion, Our actions S1 - Own workforce Health, Safety and well-being, Health and Safety, Our actions S1 - Own workforce Health, Safety and well-being | Welfare and Working Environment, Our actions S1 - Own workforce | Data Responsibility, Privacy and Cybersecurity, Our actions ESRS S1-5, MDR-T Targets related to managing material negative impacts, advancing positive impacts, and managing material risks and opportunities S1 - Own workforce | Talent attraction, retention and development, Training and Talent Development, Our targets S1 - Own workforce | Talent attraction, retention and development, Talent Recruitment and Employee Retention, Our targets S1 - Own workforce | Diversity and Inclusion, Our targets S1 - Own workforce | Health, Safety and well-being, Health and Safety, Our targets S1 - Own workforce | Health, Safety and well-being, Welfare and working environment, Our targets S1 - Own workforce | Data Responsibility, Privacy and Cybersecurity, Our targets ESRS S1-6 Characteristics of the undertaking’s employees S1 - Own workforce | Characteristics of Ferrari employees ESRS S1-7 Characteristics of non-employee workers in the undertaking’s own workforce S1 - Own workforce | Characteristics of Ferrari non-employees ESRS S1-9 Diversity metrics S1 - Own workforce | Diversity and Inclusion, Our metrics ESRS S1-10 Adequate wage S1 - Own workforce | Diversity and Inclusion, Our metrics ESRS S1-11 Social protection For fiscal year 2024, which corresponds to the first year of sustainability report in accordance with ESRS, Ferrari has decided to make use of the phase-in option in relation to the disclosure of social protection information. ESRS S1-12 Persons with disabilities For fiscal year 2024, which corresponds to the first year of sustainability report in accordance with ESRS, Ferrari has decided to make use of the phase-in option in relation to the disclosure of persons with disabilities information. ESRS S1-13 Training and skills development metric S1 - Own workforce | Training and Talent Development, Our metrics S1 - Own workforce | Talent Recruitment and Employee Retention, Our actions, Our targets and metrics ESRS S1-14 Health and safety metrics S1 - Own workforce | Health, Safety and well-being, Our metrics ESRS S1-15 Work-life balance metrics For fiscal year 2024, which corresponds to the first year of sustainability report in accordance with ESRS, Ferrari has decided to make use of the phase-in option in relation to the disclosure of Work-life balance information. ESRS S1-16 Compensation metrics (pay gap and total compensation) S1 - Own workforce | Diversity and Inclusion, Our metrics ESRS S1-17 Incidents, complaints and severe human rights impacts S1 - Own workforce | Human Rights S2 WORKERS IN THE VALUE CHAIN ESRS 2 SBM-2 Interests and views of stakeholder S2 - Workers in the value chain | Stakeholder Engagement ESRS 2 SBM-3 Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model S2 - Workers in the value chain | Workers in the value chain, Our policy, Conflict minerals ESRS S2-1, MDR-P Policies related to value chain workers S2 - Workers in the value chain | Workers in the value chain, Our policy, Our actions ESRS S2-2 Processes for engaging with value chain workers about impacts S2 - Workers in the value chain | Stakeholder Engagement ESRS S2-3 Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for value chain workers to raise concerns S2 - Workers in the value chain | Workers in the value chain, Our actions

[PAGE 207]
207 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F ESRS S2-4, MDR-A Taking action on material impacts on value chain workers, and approaches to managing material risks and pursuing material opportunities related to value chain workers, and effectiveness of those action S2 - Workers in the value chain | Workers in the value chain, Our actions ESRS S2-5, MDR-T Targets related to managing material negative impacts, advancing positive impacts, and managing material risks and opportunities S2 - Workers in the value chain | Workers in the value chain, Our targets and metrics S3 AFFECTED COMMUNITIES ESRS 2 SBM-2 Interests and views of stakeholders S3 - Affected communities ESRS 2 SBM-3 Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model S3 - Affected communities | Our policy, Stakeholder Engagement ESRS S3-1, MDR-P Policies related to affected communities S3 - Affected communities | Our policy ESRS S3-2 Processes for engaging with affected communities about impacts S3 - Affected communities | Stakeholder Engagement ESRS S3-3 Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for affected communities to raise concerns S3 - Affected communities | Our policy, Stakeholder Engagement ESRS S3-4, MDR-A Taking action on material impacts on affected communities, and approaches to managing material risks and pursuing material opportunities related to affected communities, and effectiveness of those actions S3 - Affected communities | Our targets and actions ESRS S3-5, MDR-T Targets related to managing material negative impacts, advancing positive impacts, and managing material risks and opportunities S3 - Affected communities | Our targets and actions S4 CONSUMERS AND END-USERS ESRS 2 SBM-2 Interests and views of stakeholders S4 - Consumers and End-users | Stakeholder Engagement ESRS 2 SBM-3 Impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model S4 - Consumers and End-users | Stakeholder Engagement S4 - Consumers and End-users | Vehicle quality and safety, Our targets and actions S4 - Consumers and End-users | Ethics and business conduct – Transparent Information, Our targets and actions S4 - Consumers and End-users | Data Responsibility, Privacy and Cybersecurity, Our targets and actions ESRS S4-1, MDR-P Policies related to consumers and end-users S4 - Consumers and End-users | Vehicle quality and safety, Our policy S4 - Consumers and End-users | Ethics and business conduct - Transparent Information, Our policy S4 - Consumers and End-users | Data Responsibility, Privacy and Cybersecurity, Our policy ESRS S4-2 Processes for engaging with consumers and end-users about impacts S4 - Consumers and End-users | Stakeholder Engagement ESRS S4-3 Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for consumers and end-users to raise concerns S4 - Consumers and End-users | Stakeholder Engagement ESRS S4-4, MDR-A Taking action on material impacts on consumers and end-users, and approaches to managing material risks and pursuing material opportunities related to consumers and end- users, and effectiveness of those actions S4 - Consumers and End-users | Vehicle quality and safety, Our targets and actions S4 - Consumers and End-users | Ethics and business conduct - Transparent Information, Our targets and actions S4 - Consumers and End-users | Data Responsibility, Privacy and Cybersecurity, Our targets and actions ESRS S4-5, MDR-T Targets related to managing material negative impacts, advancing positive impacts, and managing material risks and opportunities S4 - Consumers and End-users | Vehicle quality and safety, Our targets and actions S4 - Consumers and End-users | Ethics and business conduct - Transparent Information, Our targets and actions S4 - Consumers and End-users | Data Responsibility, Privacy and Cybersecurity, Our targets and actions G1 BUSINESS CONDUCT ESRS 2 GOV-1 The role of the administrative, supervisory and management bodies G1 - Business Conduct | Business conduct policies and corporate culture ESRS 2 IRO-1 Description of the processes to identify and assess material impacts, risks and opportunities G1 - Business Conduct | Business conduct policies and corporate culture

[PAGE 208]
208 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F ESRS G1-1, MDR-P Corporate culture and Business conduct policies and corporate culture G1 - Business Conduct | Business conduct policies and corporate culture G1 - Business Conduct | Anti-Bribery and Anticorruption Practice ESRS G1-2 Management of relationships with suppliers G1 - Business Conduct | Responsible purchasing practices | Our policy, Our actions G1 - Business Conduct | Payment practices ESRS G1-3 Prevention and detection of corruption and briber G1 - Business Conduct | Business conduct policies and corporate culture G1 - Business Conduct | Anti-Bribery and Anticorruption Practice, Risk-based training activities, Whistleblowing ESRS G1-4 Confirmed incidents of corruption or bribery G1 - Business Conduct | Anti-Bribery and Anticorruption Practice ESRS G1-6 Payment practice G1 - Business Conduct | Payment Practices To limit the repetition of information already present in other sections of the Annual Report or documents, the ESRS Standard allows to incorporate information by reference. For 2024, Ferrari N.V. does not disclose referring to other sections of the Annual Report nor other documents. References to other sections of the Annual Report are provided solely to facilitate the exploration of specific matters.

[PAGE 209]
209 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F E1 – CLIMATE CHANGE OUR ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY We aim to increase our environmental awareness to continuously set and implement related programs and actions. We deeply believe that ensuring access to a pure and blooming environment should not be a privilege but rather a basic human right. In this respect, our efforts aim to minimize the negative impacts of our activities on natural resources and the global envi- ronment, committing to protect the environment for present and future generations. In particular, we are aware of the challenges and opportunities posed by climate change for sustainable business development. We assemble all of our cars and manufacture all the engines used in our cars at our production facil- ity in Maranello(6) (Italy). The Carrozzeria Scaglietti plant, located in Modena (Italy), is where we manu- facture aluminum bodyworks and chassis. The two plants cover a cumulative area of approximately 861 thousand square meters. We also own the Mugello racing circuit in Scarperia, near Florence (Italy), which covers an area of 1.7 million square meters (of which approximately 1.2 million square meters of green or tree-covered areas). We directly operate 15 retail stores, maintain our Lifestyle office in Milan and other offices for our for- eign subsidiaries as well as other smaller facilities in Italy, such as the Museo Enzo Ferrari (MEF) in Modena and the Ferrari Museum in Maranello. The environmen- tal impact of these additional facilities, even though deemed negligible, is still measured and reported in terms of energy consumption, greenhouse gas (herein after “GHG”) emissions and waste generation. ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS We have invested significantly to minimize our en- vironmental impact since 2001, when the Company obtained the ISO 14001:2015 certification for its plants in Maranello and Modena. In 2022, we ob- tained the renewal of the certification of our envi- ronmental management system according to the standard ISO 14001:2015. In addition, in 2007, we obtained and since then renewed the Integrated Environmental Authorization (IEA). As mentioned in our Environmental Practice, our effort is to minimize the negative impact of our activities on natural re- sources and the global environment. In addition, once again in 2024, Ferrari S.p.A. obtained the three stars of the FIA Environmental Accreditation Program. The program developed by the Fédération Internationale de l’Automobile aims at helping key players in the motorsport and auto- motive sector measure and enhance their environ- mental performance by means of an independent certification process. To further reflect our sustainability commitment, we have obtained several certifications assessing our sustainable event management. This includes, but is not limited to, the assessment of the following aspects: separate collection of waste and recycling of materials (circular economy), energy efficiency, mobility and logistics, accessibility for people with disabilities, diversity and inclusion, battle against food waste, local development and economic impact. In this respect, in 2024, we obtained once again the ISO 20121:2013 certification (Event Sustainability Management System), the international standard for sustainable event management, for the Ferrari Racing Days Nürburgring. The standard applies to the planning and realization of the 2024 event. In the same year, also Esperienza Ferrari and Ferrari Tour, driving events dedicated to clients and sports car lovers, obtained the ISO 20121:2013 certification. During 2024, we maintained the ISO 20121:2013 cer- tification for the Ferrari Factory Tour, a unique ex- perience for clients, prospects, dealers and spon- sors, where ad-hoc guided tours are organized to the “Cittadella Ferrari” and the iconic places of the “Cavallino Rampante”. The Mugello Circuit S.p.A. obtained and renewed the certification for the environmental manage- ment system in accordance with ISO 14001:2015 and EMAS (Eco-Management and Audit Scheme). Moreover, in 2020, Mugello Circuit S.p.A. obtained the ISO 20121:2013 certification, confirmed also in 2024. Mugello Circuit S.p.A. has been the first circuit in the world to obtain this certification. This standard applies to the activities related to the events hosted and is evidence of the commitment of Mugello Circuit S.p.A. to implement a responsible and sus- tainable management system. Moreover, in 2024, for the second consecutive year, Mugello scored first in the Sustainable Circuits IndexTM (SCITM) and was named the most sustainable motorsport circuit.

[PAGE 210]
210 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F OUR POLICY Ferrari’s ambition to minimizing its impact on the global environment is outlined in the Environmental Practice, which is inspired by the guiding principles set forth in the Code of Conduct and defines Ferrari’s main ambition to fostering a corporate culture ded- icated to environmental protection. The Practice ap- plies to the entire Ferrari Group. Ferrari considers environmental protection to be a decisive aspect to be promoted in its overall approach to business and it aims to continuously improve the environmental performance of its operations and comply with the provisions con- tained in applicable laws and regulations. For this reason, Ferrari aims to: reduce greenhouse gas emissions across the product life cycles, minimize water use, promote the reuse of waste materials in the production process, monitor emissions into the atmosphere and the sewage system, and contribute to the protection of biodiversity in areas impacted by its production process. The Environmental practice sets out key prin- ciples: compliance with applicable regulatory and legal requirements, periodic and systematic estab- lishment of improvement objectives and their mon- itoring and measurement through KPIs, the devel- opment of products that meet customers’ needs while ensuring respect for the environment, and the adoption of the best available technologies for the efficiency of production processes and the reduc- tion of emissions and environmental impacts. The practice promotes, among others, the improve- ment of energy efficiency and the use of renew- able energy(7) aimed at mitigating climate change. In particular, it enshrines the Company’s commitment to monitor and reduce greenhouse gas emissions produced throughout the entire product life cycle, as well as reducing energy consumption. In line with the Environmental Practice commitments, we have developed the decarbonization strategy, which is reported in our 2022-2026 Strategic Plan. The prac- tice covers the following IROs: “Energy consumption and related GHG emissions for upstream activities (e.g. raw material purchased and inbound logistics) (Scope 3) with negative impact on climate change”, “Energy consumption and related GHG emissions for downstream activities (e.g. outbound logistics, vehicles usage and use of sold products) (Scope 3) with negative impact on climate change”, “Energy consumption (within the organization) and related Greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 / Scope 2) with negative impact on climate change and the com- munity (e.g. Maranello)”, “Difficulties in targeting Ferrari Carbon Footprint strategy related to Scope 3 Indirect Emissions with main focus on Upstream”, “Energy efficiency - Using renewable energy at a reduced cost plus investing in low carbon technol- ogies that could result in lower carbon footprint, lower energy consumption and lower energy costs”. The monitoring and management of the envi- ronmental performance of our production plants is assigned to a team that reports to our Chief Technologies & Infrastructures Officer. Their effort is aimed at minimizing the impact of our activities on the environment, particularly in relation to the energy consumption of our production facilities. For the achievement of GHG emission reduction targets by 2030, the Green Sustainability Steering Committee, composed of representatives from different functions, has been appointed as the responsible body. Specifically, within the Research & Development department, a team is respon- sible for future product development aiming at reducing CO2eq emissions of Ferrari sports cars, among which the future full electric powertrain. Meanwhile, another team is in charge of oversee- ing regulatory developments while monitoring the emissions of Ferrari cars. In addition, the Research & Development, the Product Development and the Purchasing & Quality departments are working with our suppliers to find solutions to meet our tar- get of 30 percent reduction per car of our Scope 3 upstream emissions. These departments report to the Chief Research & Development Officer, the Chief Product Development Officer and the Chief Purchasing & Quality Officer, respectively. Please refer to the “ESRS 2—General disclosures— Our Decision-Making Process” section for informa- tion on accountability and the most senior levels re- sponsible for Climate Change issues. To draft the Environmental Practice, the interests of stakeholders have been considered at a general level, particularly those identified as the addressees of the Practice. Ferrari considers the engagement of its suppliers and its sales partners, as well as the local authorities and communities, to be crucial to uphold its environmental principles and commitments. Ferrari ensures the internal and external dis- semination of the Practice. Please refer to the Ferrari corporate website at the following https:// www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate/practices. OUR STRATEGY TO REACH CARBON NEUTRALITY BY 2030 Our decarbonization strategy defined in 2022 is aligned with the trajectory “well below 2°C” in order to contribute to ambitions at the international, national and regional level, such as the Paris Agreement. In this context, our most significant environmental efforts are deployed through a program for the reduction of polluting and GHG emissions, both direct and indirect. During our 2022 Capital Markets Day we pre- sented our 2022-2026 Strategic Plan and our decar- bonization strategy, detailing our commitment to achieving Carbon Neutrality by 2030 on our entire value chain, addressing direct and indirect GHG emissions(8). Our decarbonization strategy is aligned with the Transport Science-Based Target setting Guidance of 2015 aligned with the trajectory “well

[PAGE 211]
211 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F below 2°C” and entails a reduction of at least 90 per- cent of our Scope 1 and 2 (market-based method) absolute CO2eq emissions and a reduction of at least 40 percent of our Scope 3 emissions per car, with respect to 2021. Our decarbonization strategy is not defined as “transition plan” as stated by the ESRS E1-1. Given that we plan to develop our new business plan in 2025, we are currently reviewing these targets. Ferrari is included in the EU Climate Transition Benchmarks and the EU Paris-aligned Benchmarks, however, as of today the Company is not aligned to the EU Taxonomy Regulation. For further infor- mation, please refer to the “E1—Climate change– Taxonomy” paragraph. As outlined in our 2022-2026 Strategic Plan announced during the 2022 Capital Markets Day, the first full electric Ferrari is expected to be launched in the fourth quarter of 2025 and by 2026 a well-di- versified product portfolio, composed of 55 percent hybrid, 5 percent full electric and 40 percent ICE in terms of number of models was expected. By 2030, an offering composed of 20 percent ICE, 40 percent hybrid and 40 percent full electric was expected. This strategy reflects our principle of flexibility, as the e-building houses the production of internal combustion engines, hybrid engines and new elec- tric motors, each capable of delivering Ferrari’s signature driving thrills. Together with the electrifi- cation journey, we are exploring solutions to reduce the otherwise growing emissions of raw materials mainly related to the battery module and looking into recycled aluminum. Given that we plan to develop our new business plan in 2025, we are currently reviewing these targets. Hybrid and electric vehicles have a higher envi- ronmental impact in the upstream supply chain compared to internal combustion engine vehicles. The utilization of critical raw materials to create bat- tery cells and the carbon-intensive production of batteries have a substantial impact. In 2024, the capital expenditure, including R&D and tooling, related to the development of our elec- tric vehicles amounted to approximately €236 mil- lion (please refer to the paragraph Consolidated Financial Statement). Given that we plan to develop our new business plan in 2025, the total expenditure for the next years is under review. Nevertheless, our commitment is to go beyond the decarbonization of the use phase and beyond cutting GHG emissions domestically. Being that the purchased goods category accounts for the major- ity of our Scope 3 emissions, we have started to act upstream to ensure fair and widespread actions at a global level, focusing on recycled materials and the development of innovative technologies. For this reason, the engagement of our suppliers is a funda- mental aspect of our decarbonization strategy. For additional information on Ferrari’s goals, please refer to the “E1—Climate change—Our tar- gets” paragraph. We are aware that the transition to a climate-neu- tral economy could be slowed down by locked-in GHG emissions. Regarding Scope 1 and 2, certain processes cannot be converted to electricity yet. For Scope 3 downstream, the locked-in emissions depend on how the market will evolve in the com- ing years, in particular on the share of BEVs (Battery Electric Vehicle). However, it is important to point out that the higher the share of BEVs, the harder it is to reach the target set for Scope 3 upstream. We are developing plans to reduce emissions from down- stream ICEs, and in particular, we are evaluating var- ious technologies, including alternative fuels. Excluding locked-in emissions, the implemen- tation of the decarbonization strategy depends on regulatory and technological aspects. From a financial point of view, we use our own resources and we are constantly informed about externally available funding.

[PAGE 213]
213 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F OUR DECARBONIZATION LEVERS TO REACH CARBON NEUTRALITY BY 2030 Category of action Target related climate change Action Timeline Section reference Energy efficiency & use of renewable sources energy Scope 1&2 emissions - Renewable energy and electrification in our operations Phasing out of our trigeneration plant 2024 E1 Climate change - Efficient energy use Installation of photovoltaic panels Since 2023 Our products Scope 3 downstream emissions - Electrification and sustainable fuels Launch of the first full electric Ferrari 2025 E1 Climate change - Our Strategy to Reach Carbon Neutrality by 2030 Scope 3 upstream emissions - Recycled materials and renewable energy processes Engine production with 100% recycled alloy 2026 E5 Resource use and circular economy Use of recycled materials in our products Ongoing Carbon Avoidance - Purchase of Carbon Credits in partnership with ClimateSeed Since 2022 E1 Climate change - GHG removals and GHG mitigation projects financed through carbon credits Constant dialogue with partners Scope 3 downstream emissions - Electrification and sustainable fuels Introduction of Hydrotreated Vegetable Oil (HVO) fuel in our European outbound logistics on road Since 2023 E1 Climate change - Our GHG Emissions Launch of the Green Dealer Award Since 2023 IMPACT, RISK AND OPPORTUNITY MANAGEMENT Our risk management approach is an important business driver and it is integral to the achievement of the Group’s long-term business plan. As a relevant factor for long-term value creation, we consider it pivotal to manage risks related to climate change. The fight against climate change and the preser- vation of the environment are becoming crucial around the world and these concerns have resulted in rapidly evolving climate and environmental regu- lations emitted across international markets. Following the structure described in the “Risk Management Process and Internal Control Systems” section of this Report, at the first line of control, the Risk Owner and FLTs are responsible for identifying, assessing, and mitigating risks and for the establish- ment and maintenance of a risk management sys- tem across our business functions. Until December 2023, our CFO, who is a member of the FLT, was in charge of the risk management function that is involved, among other risks, in the assessment, monitoring and management of environmental and climate-related risks. Since December 2023, this role has been assigned to the Chief of Internal Audit, Risk and Compliance Officer. Operating areas represent the first line of defense, they identify climate-related risks and, in collaboration with the central function of risk management, those risks are assessed, mon- itored and managed at corporate level. Through the Scenario Analysis and benchmark activities we were able to define our impacts, risks and opportunities. CLIMATE SCENARIO ANALYSIS In 2022, to strengthen our resilience strategy, we conducted a Climate Scenario Analysis of our pro- spective climate change risks, both physical and transitional, for our plants in Maranello and Modena and for our value chain following the most up-to- date methodologies available internationally, cover- ing the 2030 to 2050 time-horizon. In 2024, the as- sumptions of this analysis remained unchanged. The choice of the scenarios for physical and transition- al risks is based on EU and international guidelines (i.e. EU Taxonomy and TCFD respectively), on climate literature, availability of impact studies and likeli- hood of scenarios. We used the International Energy Agency (IEA) and the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) scenarios along with the Swiss RE, Moody’s Analytics, and Wood Mackenzie international databases. More specifically, for physical risks, the Representative Concentration Pathways (RCP) cor- respond to defined emissions and global warming levels. Each RCP scenario is modeled by the scien- tific community in terms of physical impacts. In par- ticular, we have considered the RCP 8.5, RCP 4.5 and RCP 2.6 scenarios: • The RCP8.5 scenario is the most extreme of the business-as-usual scenarios. It forecasts an in- crease above 4°C by 2100. This scenario can translate into reality if the world adopts no mitiga- tion policy. High economic and population growth rates (SSP5) favor this scenario. This scenario trig- gers most of the climate “points of non-return” and hence, its consequences are difficult to model;

[TABLE] Category of action | Target related
climate change | Action | Timeline | Section reference

[PAGE 214]
214 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F • The RCP4.5 scenario is the most probable given current pledges by countries. It forecasts an in- crease in temperature between 2 to 3°C by the end of the century, well above the limits of Paris 2015 and Kyoto Protocol. Pledges as of October 2022 lead to an increase of 2.5°C by 2100, as cal- culated by the United Nations; and • The RCP2.6 scenario is a Paris/Kyoto one and foresees emissions approximately at the same levels of today (below 1.5°C by 2100 ). Each climate scenario is characterized by dif- ferent levels of greenhouse gas concentrations. Specifically, we considered a pessimistic scenario (RCP 8.5), an intermediate scenario (RCP 4.5) and a more optimistic scenario (RCP 2.6) to assess the var- ious situations we might face. For the analysis of physical risks, we considered three different time horizons: • Short term: from 0 to 2 years; • Medium term: from 2 to 5 years; • Long term: from 5 to 8 years (the value eight is an indicative value, for specific risks that we already consider, the time horizon could be longer). All of these relate to the expected life of our assets, stra- tegic planning horizons and capital allocation plans. For the analysis, we considered the geospatial coordinates of our Maranello and Modena plants to understand their exposure to physical events. In par- ticular, precipitation, wind and temperature logs from the local weather grid were analyzed to evaluate pres- ent trends and build reliable inferences on possible future trends. A detailed analysis of local sources such as the Modena/Maranello Civil Protection, ARPAE and newspapers allowed to build an “event history” data- base and contributed to the overall risk mapping. Through the Scenario Analysis we also analyzed the physical and transitional risks of our suppliers, taking into consideration their location. In our Scenario Analysis we considered the short, medium and long term, specifically until 2026, from 2026 to 2035 and from 2035 to 2050. As of today, the Climate Scenario Analysis does not reflect any assumption made in the financial statement. With regard to transition scenarios analysis, according to different scenarios, transition speeds might vary greatly in the next two decades. The assessment of transition climate-related risks is based on a qualitative and quantitative climate-re- lated scenario analysis. We take into account pro- spective scenarios for technological development, market conditions and normative evolutions. These scenarios are based on the IEA (namely NZE, APS and STEPS scenarios), a world agency providing analysis and advisory services to governments on energy issues, combined with many different liter- ature studies, based on the definition of a climate ambition and technology progress parameter. Also, IPCC SSP scenarios were used to create charging infrastructure projections. The overall structure of the analysis relies on the pairing of physical and transition scenarios following the combinations: (1) SSP1/NZE- 2 SSP2/APS- 3 SSP3-5/STEPS: • The Net Zero Emissions by 2050 Scenario (NZE) is a normative scenario that shows a pathway for the global energy sector to achieve net zero CO2 emissions by 2050, with advanced econo- mies reaching net zero emissions in advance of others. It is consistent with limiting the global temperature rise to 1.5 °C with no or limited tem- perature overshoot (with a 50 percent probabil- ity). It is consistent with an RCP2.6 scenario. It is compatible with the SSP1 IPCC scenario, where the world follows a sustainable development pathway, with inequalities reduced, strong con- vergence between developing and developed countries, and strong climate action; • In the APS scenario, countries fully implement their national targets to 2030 and 2050. It is a “busi- ness as usual” without strong efforts in decarbon- izing. It is consistent with a low range of the RCP4.5 scenarios. It is compatible with the SSP2 IPCC sce- nario which is a business-as-usual scenario; • The STEPS provides a conservative benchmark for the future, as it does not take for granted that governments will reach all announced climate goals. It explores where the energy system and other sectors might go without a major addition- al steer from policy makers. It is consistent with a high RCP4.5 (low RCP8.5) scenario, and compat- ible with SSP3-SSP5 IPCC scenarios. The SSP5 is a scenario with a strong technological devel- opment sustained, however, by fossil fuels, while the SSP3 is a “divided” world scenario, featuring strong inequalities and competition for resourc- es between nations. To identify transitional risks, we analyzed, for each country in which Ferrari operates through points of sale, the regulatory situation concerning the ICE powertrain. This enabled us to identify the countries in which a restriction on the sale of ICE could be im- posed. Moreover, we analyzed the targets set at na- tional level in terms of the number of charging points for BEVs. With regard to the market, we also took into account the societal momentum around climate action, always guided by our scientific and holistic approach to address emission across sectors. The transition scenario analysis also took into consider- ation the issue of raw material shortage among its as- sumptions, while considering that it is partly caused by climate change and increased demand (with a consequence on prices) for certain types of critical materials needed to support the electric transition.

[PAGE 215]
215 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F Below the list of physical and transitional risks that have been analyzed in the Climate Scenario Analysis. PHYSICAL RISKS FOR MARANELLO AND MODENA FACILITIES Acute Increased Hail Frequency and Severity Increase of Summer Blackout Increase in Flooding Risk Increased Wind Storm Severity Increase in Drought Risk and Water Stress Increase in Wildfires Risk Chronic Gas Equipment Production Reduction Fuel Cell Efficiency Reduction Health Hazards Accelerating invasion potential of disease vectors. Eg. West Nile Increased Heat Waves Frequency and Length Increase in Mean Temperature Solar Panel Production Reduction PHYSICAL RISKS FOR SUPPLY CHAIN Acute Increased Drought Exposure Hydrogeologic Risk Increased Flooding Exposure Acute Climate Risk on Countries Extracting Critical Materials Chronic Increased Chronic Risk Exposure Chronic Climate Risk on Countries Extracting Critical Materials According to the Italian Institute for Environmental Protection and Research data(9), Emilia Romagna is the Italian region most susceptible to flood risk. Weather grids around Maranello show a consis- tent trend of increasing rainfall, a phenomenon that is expected to elevate flood risks in the coming decades. Emilia Romagna is morphologically suit- able for the formation of tornados and wind storm events. Extreme weather events such as floods, windstorms, fires and heat waves could cause in- terruptions in power grids. Increases in peak wind speeds and the severity of hailstorms are also ob- served. Heat waves and droughts are becoming more frequent and intense, with Europe and the Mediterranean region as global hotspots. Droughts threaten natural water reserves in northern Italy, while rising temperatures contribute to fires. Climatic conditions also affect solar energy produc- tion and favor the spread of mosquito-borne diseas- es, with hotter and wetter summers creating ideal habitats for exogenous species. Following the climate scenario analysis, we have strengthened our mitigation and resilience plan related to physical risks regarding our production plants in Maranello and Modena. This plan included the implementation of actions to mitigate extreme weather events such as flooding, hail episodes and droughts, reducing our climate-related physical risks assessment under materiality threshold.

[PAGE 216]
216 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F TRANSITION RISKS ORGANIZATION WORLDWIDE Market Failure in Intercepting Favourable Markets Failure in Aligning with Countries Climate Ambitions Disalignment with Peers Transition Plans Increased Interest Rates due to Disalignment with Bank’s Portfolios Exposure to Critical Materials Price Soar Copper, Nickel, Cobalt, Lithium, Aluminum, Iron CBAM Induced Increased Costs of Extra EU Supplies Future Hypothetical Carbon Tax Normative Failure in Aligning with Countries Targets Failure in Aligning with Cities Targets Reputational Penalty Fees for Exceeding Vehicle Emission Mandates Change in climate induced luxury perception (e.g “Private Jet Bans”) Technology Supply Shortages of Critical Materials Lead, Manganese, Chromium, Zinc, Silver, Silicon, Molybdenum, REEs, PGM, Copper, Lithium, Nickel, Vanadium, Cobalt, Graphite, Sylicium Scarcity of Components and Materials Needed for the PV Arrays. Increase of costs The transition risks identified through the scenario analysis and reported above can potentially impact Ferrari’s sales and production, therefore, not only its operations but also its value chain. Specifically, regulation and technology changes could lead to an increase in costs in the medium term and to scarci- ty of critical materials. Changes in client perception could lead to a decrease in our revenues in the me- dium and long term. Following the scenario analysis conducted, we identified two material transition risks and the related resilience plans: • Fast paced and uncertain laws and technical regulations proliferation; • Challenge in targeting Ferrari Carbon Footprint strategy related to Scope 3 Indirect Emissions To mitigate our material risk on “Fast paced and uncertain laws and technical regulations prolifera- tion” we have structured in the Ferrari Group a pro- cess to monitor new regulations through a specific R&D function that monitors on a regular basis the new regulations and evaluates potential impacts on company activities. To anticipate the timeliness of the analysis, the company has identified local focal points in countries most relevant for Ferrari busi- ness and is also member of different manufacturer associations that provide also information on regu- latory changes trend. No significant operational or capital expenditures have been allocated to this ac- tion in 2024 or are planned for the future. To mitigate our material risk on “Challenge in tar- geting Ferrari Carbon Footprint strategy related to Scope 3 Indirect Emissions” we have put in place sev- eral actions, please refer to “Our Strategy to Reach Carbon Neutrality by 2030” section. OUR TARGETS We defined our environmental targets, included in our 2022-2026 Strategic Plan, aligned with the Transport Science-Based Target setting Guidance of 2015 aligned with the trajectory “well below 2°C”. The GHG emission reduction targets and the related ac- tion plan were reviewed by the Board of Directors(10). Below our emissions targets: • carbon neutrality in our own operations(11) already starting from 2021, through high-quality projects with climate and social contributions (decreasing by at least 90 percent our Scope 1 and 2 (mar- ket-based method) absolute CO2eq emissions - CO2, CH4, N2O and HFCs - by 2030 versus 2021); • reduction of at least 40 percent of our Scope 3 emissions (CO2, CH4, N2O) per car, focusing main- ly on materials and vehicle use phase. In particu- lar, we aim to reduce upstream emissions by 30 percent per car and downstream emissions by 50 percent per car by 2030 versus 2021. Following the former guidance provided by the SBTi for the transport sector, we chose 2021 as the base

[PAGE 217]
217 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F year for our emission targets as it was more repre- sentative of the actual Company situation (2020 fig- ures were influenced by the effects of Covid-19). In 2022, we set targets considering the journey to elec- trification of our plants, including the phase-out of our trigenerator, and the assumptions of the prod- uct mix presented during our 2022 Capital Markets Day (CMD), and there was no other specific assump- tion regarding the evolution of the external context. The targets in the table below are obtained by trans- forming the CMD 2022 intensity targets into absolute targets based on the 2024 deliveries (13,752). Given that we plan to develop our new business plan in 2025, we are currently reviewing these targets. 2021 – Base Year 2030 Target GHG emissions [tCO2e] 976,744 700,000 Scope 1&2 emissions Renewable energy and electrification in our operations 92,716 10,000 Scope 3 upstream emissions Recycled materials and renewable energy processes 578,677 500,000 Scope 3 downstream emissions Electrification and sustainable fuels 305,351 190,000 In addition, for the Equity Incentive Plan 2022-2024 and the Equity Incentive Plan 2023-2025, the innovation target has been replaced by an ESG target focusing on an Environment Factor and a Social Factor. The ESG target weighs 20 percent of the awards based on the achievement of defined objectives relating to environmental and social factors. In particular, 50 percent of the ESG Target is based on the reduction of CO2 carbon emissions and 50 percent is based on the maintenance of the Equal Salary certification. EFFICIENT ENERGY USE Our culture embraces a rational use of energy, which is mainly utilized for the manufacturing of cars and engines. Over the years, the Group has strived to lower its energy consumption and to minimize its environmental impact, adopting innovative solutions and shifting to renewable energy sources. Currently, the share of renewable energy in Ferrari which is not self- produced is purchased from the grid and covered by certificates of guarantee of origin from renewable sources. ENERGY CONSUMPTION WITHIN THE ORGANIZATION(1) Unit of measurement: MWh 2024 Operational control only 2024 Financial control 2024 2023 2024 vs 2023 (%) Total Natural Gas(2) 330 276,177 276,507 339,415 (19%) Total Oil Products(3) — 23,985 23,985 22,624 6% Total Coal — — — — — Total Other fossil fuels — — — — — Total Electricity from fossil sources — 882 882 3,769 (77%) Total Energy from Fossil sources 330 301,044 301,374 365,808 — Share Energy Fossil Fuels (%) 30% 73% 73% 86% (15%) Total Nuclear — 238 238 405 (41%) Share Nuclear (%) —% 0.1% 0.1% —% (40%) Total Energy from Biomass — — — — — Total Energy from Renewable sources 757 105,795 106,552 55,954 90%

[TABLE] 2030 Target
[TABLE] 700,000
[TABLE] 10,000
[TABLE] 500,000
[TABLE] 190,000
[TABLE] 330 | 276,177 | 276,507
[TABLE] — | 23,985 | 23,985
[TABLE] — | — | —
[TABLE] — | — | —
[TABLE] — | 882 | 882
[TABLE] 330 | 301,044 | 301,374
[TABLE] 30% | 73% | 73%
[TABLE] — | 238 | 238
[TABLE] —% | 0.1% | 0.1%
[TABLE] — | — | —
[TABLE] 757 | 105,795 | 106,552

[PAGE 218]
218 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F Total Self-produced renewable energy — 3,897 3,897 1,758 122% Total Renewable energy 757 109,692 110,449 57,712 91% Share Renewable energy (%) 70% 27% 27% 14% 97% Total Consumption 1,087 410,974 412,061 423,426 (2.7%) Unit of measurement: MWh/€ thousand 2024 2023 2024 vs 2023 (%) Energy Intensity(1) 0.062 0.071 (13.0%) Unit of measurement: MWh 2024 2023 2024 vs 2023 (%) Self-produced non-renewable energy 64,781 103,645 (37.5%) Self-produced renewable energy 3,897 1,758 122% For more details on net revenues, please refer to the “Consolidate Financial Statement — Net revenues” paragraph of the Financial Statement. In 2024, the total energy consumption within the Maranello and Modena plants, the Mugello racing circuit and our stores, museums, subsidiaries’ of- fices and other facilities was 412,061 MWh, with a decrease of 2.5 percent from 2023 (422,633 MWh) mainly due to the electrification of our processes. In 2008, we installed our first solar panels and gradually increased capacity since then. Over the years, this initiative has contributed to Ferrari’s sustainability goals by increasing the capacity of renewable energy generation in Ferrari S.p.A. and Mugello Circuit S.p.A.. Progress in previous years has seen a consistent rise in installed capacity, and in 2024, we doubled the renewable energy self-pro- duced compared to 2023. Looking ahead, plans are in place to further expand the initiative with the aim of reaching approximately 10 Megawatt peak (MWp) capacity by 2030, doubling the current capacity of 5 MWp. No significant operational or capital expendi- tures have been allocated to this action in 2024 or are planned for the future. Moreover, in September 2024, Ferrari switched off the trigeneration plant at its Maranello factory to replace a significant portion of methane gas consumption with renewable energy sources. The shut down enables an estimated 60 percent annual reduction in Scope 1 and 2 CO2 emissions, and an estimated 70 percent reduction in methane gas consumption compared to 2021. Ferrari plans to enhance Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs) in the coming years to further accelerate the transition to renewable energy. No significant operational or cap- ital expenditures have been allocated to this action in 2024 or are planned for the future. Ferrari is not involved in coal, oil and gas-related activities. OUR GHG EMISSIONS In our decarbonization strategy, we focus on our di- rect emissions as well as on our indirect upstream and downstream Scope 3 GHG emissions. We believe that concentrating solely on the vehicle use phase is not enough, so in line with our holistic approach, we need to continue to focus on raw materials. Constant dialogue with partners in the supply chain is key to identifying innovative approaches to further reduce GHG emissions. Starting from 2023, together with our logistics part- ners we introduced for the first time Hydrotreated Vegetable Oil (HVO) fuel in most of our European out- bound logistics on road. On average this allows us to reduce our GHG emissions for this sub-category by 80%. This ongoing initiative will continue in the coming years, with the number of routes involved increasing in 2024 compared to 2023, resulting in further reduc- tions in GHG emissions. No significant operational or capital expenditures have been allocated to this ac- tion in 2024 or are planned for the future. To sustain our goal of reaching Carbon Neutrality by 2030, involving our dealers is a key part of our strategy. In 2024, we organized the second edition of the Green Dealer Award, aimed at engaging Ferrari Group’s dealers in their sustainability efforts with a particular focus on decarbonization. Our network was evaluated via three KPIs: energy consumption, energy reduction versus the previous year and ini- tiatives they have undertaken such as efficiencies, water savings and also social activities for the local community. This process has allowed us to collect and share on a global level best practices amongst our dealers, with the project’s effectiveness demon- (1) The energy intensity is calculated considering the revenue of the entire Group. (1) The entire group falls within the C29 NACE code. (2) The conversion factor used for natural gas is 0.0101 MWh/smc. (3) The conversion factors used for Diesel fuel is 0.00988 MWh/L and for Gasoline fuel 0.00899 MWh/L.

[TABLE] — | 3,897 | 3,897
[TABLE] 757 | 109,692 | 110,449
[TABLE] 70% | 27% | 27%
[TABLE] 1,087 | 410,974 | 412,061
[TABLE] 64,781
[TABLE] 3,897

[PAGE 219]
219 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F strated by high levels of participation. In 2024, we continued this initiative in line with the previous year and we plan to further enhance dealer engagement to foster continuous improvement. Additionally, this program highlighted the initiatives and projects undertaken by our dealers in support of our sustain- ability objectives. No significant operational or capi- tal expenditures have been allocated to this action in 2024 or are planned for the future. While we are looking for new solutions to decarbonize our business, the indirect GHG emis- sions, for which we will not find reduction actions, will be managed through the purchase of certified carbon avoidance. We calculate our carbon footprint considering the GHG emissions related to all Group activities over our entire value chain, based on the GHG Protocol and the ISO 14064-1:2018 methodologies and is ver- ified by a third-party under the limited assurance engagement of this Statement. Scope 1 & 2 emis- sions (except fugitive and industrial processes) are calculated using the Energy-based method, with primary data serving as the basis for consumption data. Fugitive and industrial process emissions are calculated using the Activity-based method, also relying on primary data. In order to define which Scope 3 categories are sig- nificant for the Company, we carried out a signifi- cance analysis according to the indications of the ISO 14064-1:2018. Hereafter the Scope 3 catego- ries reported: a. Category 3.1, Upstream transportation and distri- bution (similar to category 4 of the GHG Protocol): i. Transportation and distribution of products purchased between its tier 1 suppliers and its own operations (in vehicles and facilities not owned or controlled by Ferrari); ii. Transportation and distribution services purchased, including inbound logistics, and transportation and distribution between its own facilities (in vehicles and facilities not owned or controlled by Ferrari); b. Category 3.2, Downstream transportation and distribution (similar to category 9 of the GHG Protocol): i. Transportation and distribution of products sold between its operations and the end consumer, including retail and storage (in vehicles and facilities not owned or con trolled by Ferrari); c. Category 3.3, Employee commuting (category 7 of the GHG Protocol):Transportation of employ- ees between their homes and their worksites. d. Category 3.4, Business travel (category 6 of the GHG Protocol): Transportation of employees for business-related activities (in vehicles not owned or operated by Ferrari); e. Category 4.1, Purchased goods (part of category 1 and category 3 of the GHG Protocol): Extraction and production of goods and fuels purchased or acquired; f. Category 4.2, Capital goods (category 2 of the GHG Protocol): Extraction and production of capital goods purchased or acquired; g. Category 4.5, Use of services (part of category 1 of the GHG Protocol): Production of services purchased or acquired; h. Category 5.1, Use stage of products (category 11 of the GHG Protocol): End use of goods and ser- vices sold; i. Category 6.1, Franchises (category 14 of the GHG Protocol): The Scope 1 and Scope 2 emis- sions of franchisees, Ferrari reports its dealers and workshops in this category. j. Based on the methodology applied in 2024, the table below shows the details for each GHG emissions category. The methodology allows for judgment calls resulting in a range of possi- ble outcomes and is subject to annual reviews to improve the calculation of the Company’s GHG emissions, resulting in some cases in incompa- rability between one year and another. Through the software SimaPro, it is possible to perform a Monte Carlo analysis, which is a numerical way to process uncertainty data and establish an uncertainty range in the calculated results. The Coefficient of Variability (CV - %, disclosed in the table below) allows to quantitatively evaluate the uncertainty. The acceptability ranges set for the CV resulting from the analysis are as follows: • CV ≤ 5% | very good • CV > 5% and ≤ 15% | good • CV > 15% and ≤ 25% | acceptable • CV > 25% | not acceptable In the next few years, we aim to use more primary data in the categories 4.2 and 4.5 in order to reduce the higher level of uncertainty, mainly due to the Spend-based method used for the calculations of these categories.

[PAGE 220]
220 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F Scope 3 Category(1) Included Methodology Uncertainty Source Method(2) Emission factors Assumptions CV [%] Category 3.1 Upstream transportation and distribution Yes Delivery inbound documents, Supplier specific data Supplier specific method, Distance based method Ecoinvent, Supplier specific December 2024 estimated based on the Jan-Nov actual data. Calculation is based on distance between Tier 1 supplier and Ferrari. 3.6 Category 3.2 Downstream transportation and distribution Yes Delivery outbound documents, Supplier specific data Supplier specific method, Distance based method Supplier specific, Ecoinvent(3) December 2024 estimated based on the Jan-Nov actual data. Calculation is based on distance between Ferrari and the dealer. 5.0 Category 3.3 Employee commuting Yes Internal database, Internal survey Distance based method DEFRA Foreign employees are estimated based on the average value of Italian employees. November and December 2024 estimated based on the Jan-Oct actual data. Calculation is based on the distance between the home address and the working site. 10.6 Category 3.4 Business travel Yes Supplier data extraction, Scuderia Ferrari logistic plans, LMH logistic plans Supplier specific method, Distance based method, Average data method Ecoinvent, Supplier specific, DEFRA(4) Foreign employees travels are included in category 4.5 (Use of services). For Sports Cars, calculation is based mainly on the actual distance travelled combined with the mode of transport; for Racing, calculation is based on logistic plans 5.5 Category 4.1 Purchased goods Yes Warehouse inbound documents, Supplier specific data, Invoices (fuel and energy) Supplier specific method, Hybrid method, Average data method, Activity data method Ecoinvent, Supplier specific, Raw materials processing and manufacturing is included only for more relevant components. Includes Fuel and Energy activities as per ISO 14064:2018 December 2024 estimated based on the Jan-Nov actual data. Calculation is mainly based on the composition of products associated with the correct emission factor. 6.3 Category 4.2 Capital Goods Yes Verified data included in Financial Reports Spend based method EEIO(5) December 2024 estimated based on the Jan-Nov actual data. Calculation is based on the capex asset category associated with the related spending emission factor. 21.3 Category 4.3 Disposal of solid and liquid waste No: not material (< 5% of category 4) — — — — —

[TABLE] Scope 3 Category(1) | Included | Methodology | Uncertainty
[TABLE] Source | Method(2) | Emission
factors | Assumptions | CV [%]

[PAGE 221]
221 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F Category 4.4 Use of assets No: not material (<5% of category 4) — — — — — Category 4.5 Use of services Yes Supplier specific data, Verified data included in Financial Reports (Services) Supplier specific method, Spend based method Supplier specific, EEIO December 2024 estimated based on the Jan-Nov actual data. Calculation is based on the chart of accounts associated with the related spending emission factor. 21.1 Category 5.1 Use stage of products Yes Official homologation process Average data method IEA, Ecoinvent, Homologation(6) Direct and indirect use phase emissions (Well to Wheel approach). Calculation is based on the total life cycle distance of each model multiplied by homologated European data (Tank-to-wheel) and the upstream emission factor (Well-to-tank). 5.1 Category 5.2 Downstream leased assets No: not relevant for Ferrari and not material (<5% of category 5) — — — — — Category 5.3 End-of-Life stage of products No: Ferrari cars are collectible and not disposed of. Not material (<5% of category 5) — — — — — Category 5.4 Investments No: not material (< 5% of category 5) — — — — — Category 6.1 Franchises Yes Internal data collection Activity data method Ecoinvent, IEA(7) Full year estimated based on Oct 23 - Sept 24 data. Calculation is based on the actual energy consumption data of the dealers and workshops. 5.3 (1) As defined in the ISO 14064-1. (2) As defined in the GHG protocol: supplier-specific method uses primary data from the supplier; distance based method uses the mass, distance, and mode of each shipment, then applies the appropriate mass-distance emission factor for the vehicle used ; activity data uses specific emission factors together with available activity data (mass, energy consumption, etc); average data method uses industrial average emission factors together with available activity data; spend base method uses the economic value of a good or a service together with a secondary data emission factor. (3) The GHG emissions of this category were calculated using the emission factors of the Ecoinvent database (v3.9.1) through the SimaPro tool (4) The GHG emissions of this category were calculated using the emission factors indicated in “ghg-conversion-factors- 2024-full_set__for_advanced_users; v1.0”, published by the Department for Environment Food & Rural Affairs (DEFRA) of the UK government. (5) The GHG emissions of this category were calculated using the Extended Environmental Input-Output (EEIO) factors indicated in “Consumption based accounting tool: 2022”, published by Eurostat. (6) The GHG emissions of this category were calculated using the emission factors of the WLTP homologation in the European Union. (7) The GHG emissions of this category were calculated using the “Emission factors 2024”, published by the International Energy Agency (IEA).

[PAGE 222]
222 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 2024 FERRARI GROUP CARBON FOOTPRINT (1)(2) Unit of measurement: t 2024 Operational control only(3) 2024 Financial control 2024 2021 (Base year) Target 2025 Target 2030(4) Target % Base year Total Scope 1(5) 102 65,236 65,338 90,832 N/A(6) 10,000 (28)% SHARE of Scope 1 covered by ETS —% 81% 81% 87% N/AN/AN/A Total Scope 2 (location-based method)(7) 196 27,895 28,091 12,749 N/AN/A 120% Total Scope 2 (market-based method) (8) — 598 598 1,884 N/AN/A (68%) Cat 3.1 - Upstream transport and logistics — 20,592 20,592 16,923 N/AN/A 22% Cat 3.2 - Downstream transport and logistics — 11,357 11,357 12,290 N/AN/A (8%) Cat 3.3 - Employee Commuting — 3,618 3,618 2,568 N/AN/A 41% Cat 3.4 - Business Travel — 8,194 8,194 2,820 N/AN/A 191% Cat 4.1 - Purchased Goods — 375,905 375,905 348,265 N/AN/A 8% Cat 4.2 - Capital Goods — 81,885 81,885 111,553 N/AN/A (27%) Cat 4.5 - Use of Services — 100,505 100,505 96,549 N/AN/A 4% Cat 5.1 - Use stage of products — 338,256 338,256 261,096 N/AN/A 30% Cat 6.1 - Franchises — 26,870 26,870 31,964 N/AN/A (16%) Total Scope 3 — 967,182 967,182 884,028 N/A 690,000 9% (1) Biogenic emissions are included in the calculation of our GHG emissions. (2) The emissions reported for 2024 have been calculated according to the requirements of ISO 14064-1:2018 This standard allows for judgment calls resulting in a range of possible outcomes. Therefore, no comparison of the disclosed data is possible with other studies unless methodology and data assumptions are exactly the same. The GWP 100 of the “Sixth Assessment Report” published by the IPCC has been used. The gases included in the calculation of the GHG emissions are: CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs and other refrigerant gases, whereas PFC, SF6 and NF3 emissions are not considered. The methodology has been updated compared to the one applied in 2021, with the 2024 methodology the 2021 GHG emissions are distributed differently among the ISO 14064 categories, leading to an increase from 751 ktCO2eq to 977 ktCO2eq of the total GHG emissions. (3) We consider as under our operational control the museum Enzo Ferrari in Modena.The Scope 1&2 target is indicated in Scope 1, Scope 3 specific targets are indicated in table “E1—Climate change—Our targets”. (4) Direct greenhouse gas emissions, measured in tons of CO2eq, were calculated using emission factors indicated in “Ecoinvent 3.9.1” database. (5) Not applicable because not disclosed. (6) Market-based indirect greenhouse gas emissions, measured in tons of CO2eq, were calculated using the Residual Mix emission factors indicated in “2023 European Residual Mixes, V.1.0”, published by AIB, and “Emissions Factors 2024”, published by International Energy Agency (IEA). The Group purchases Guarantee of Origin (GO) certificates in order to reduce the impact of CO2eq emissions in the atmosphere. (7) Location-based indirect greenhouse gas emissions, measured in tons of CO2eq, were calculated using the emission factor indicated in “Emissions Factors 2024”, published by International Energy Agency (IEA). Unit of measurement: tCO2eq 2024 Operational control only 2024 Financial control 2024 2021 (Base year) Target 2025 Target 2030 Target % Base year Total Emissions (location-based) 298 1,060,313 1,060,611 987,609 N/AN/A 7.4% Total Emissions (market-based) 102 1,033,016 1,033,118 976,744 N/A 700,000 5.8% The gross 2024 GHG emissions(12) deriving from the Maranello and Modena plants, from the Mugello racing circuit and from our stores, museums, subsidiaries’ offices and other facilities (Scope 1 and Scope 2 market-based), are equal to 65,936 tCO2eq, compared to 92,716 tCO2eq in 2021. 2024 Scope 3 emissions are equal to 967,182 tCO2eq compared to 884,028 tCO2eq in 2021. In 2024, our Scope 1 GHG emissions decreased by 28% compared to

[TABLE] 102 | 65,236 | 65,338
[TABLE] —% | 81% | 81%
[TABLE] 196 | 27,895 | 28,091
[TABLE] — | 598 | 598
[TABLE] — | 20,592 | 20,592
[TABLE] — | 11,357 | 11,357
[TABLE] — | 3,618 | 3,618
[TABLE] — | 8,194 | 8,194
[TABLE] — | 375,905 | 375,905
[TABLE] — | 81,885 | 81,885
[TABLE] — | 100,505 | 100,505
[TABLE] — | 338,256 | 338,256
[TABLE] — | 26,870 | 26,870
[TABLE] — | 967,182 | 967,182
[TABLE] 298 | 1,060,313 | 1,060,611
[TABLE] 102 | 1,033,016 | 1,033,118

[PAGE 223]
223 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 2021, mainly due to the shutdown of the trigeneration plant in Maranello. Our Scope 2 (market-based method) GHG emissions decreased by 70 percent compared to 2021 as we continued to purchase Guarantee of Origin certificates for renewable energy for our production plants in Maranello and Modena, and for the Mugello circuit. Since 2024, we have included the museums and the Italian stores in the list of locations covered by Guarantee of Origin certificates. Our Scope 2 (location-based method) GHG emissions increased due to the gradual shift from natural gas to electricity in our production plants. As shown in the tables below, the majority of the Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions occurs in Italy, primarily at our production plants in Maranello and Modena. In 2024, Scope 1 emissions produced in Italy decreased by approximately 14 percent compared to 2023. Unit of measurement: tCO2eq Scope 1 2024 2023 Italy 64,332 75,172 Rest of the world 1,006 237 Total Scope 1 emissions 65,338 75,409 Unit of measurement: tCO2eq Scope 2 Location based 2024 2023 Italy 27,567 20,422 Rest of the world 524 962 Total Scope 2 location-based emissions 28,091 21,384 Unit of measurement: tCO2eq Scope 2 Market based 2024 2023 Italy 68 1,302 Rest of the world 530 980 Total Scope 2 Market-based emissions 598 2,282 Our scope 3 emissions related to 2024 are higher than those related to 2021, due to an increase in shipments of road cars (from 11,155 units in 2021 to 13,752 in 2024). The emissions per shipped car have decreased from 87.8 tons CO2eq/car in 2021 to 75.1 tons CO2eq/car in 2024 (-14%). Analyzing the most significant variations with respect to the base year 2021, we can report that the increase in the number of units shipped has affected in particular the following categories: “3.1 Emissions from upstream transport and distribution for goods”; “4.1 Emissions from purchased goods”; “5.1 Emissions from use stage of the product”. For the category “3.1 Emissions from upstream transport and distribution for goods”, the increase is also due to a higher share of primary data. The change in the category “3.2 Emissions from downstream transport and distribution for goods” is related to a shift from air freight to sea freight and the use of Hydrotreated Vegetable Oil (HVO) in the European outbound logistics on road. The change in the category “3.3 Emission from employee commuting” is due to the higher number of employees as well as the reduction in the number of days of working from home. The change in category “3.4 Emissions from business travel” is related to the fact that employee travel for work purposes has now returned close to pre-pandemic levels. The change in categories “4.2 Emissions from capital goods” and “6.1 Emissions from franchises” is mainly due to a reduction in the emission factors. In 2024, 12.7 percent of Scope 3 data has been calculated using primary data directly obtained from our value chain partners.

[TABLE] 64,332
[TABLE] 1,006
[TABLE] 65,338
[TABLE] 27,567
[TABLE] 524
[TABLE] 28,091
[TABLE] 68
[TABLE] 530
[TABLE] 598

[PAGE 224]
224 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F As shown in the table below, we managed to decouple our economic growth from our environmental impact. In other words, we continue growing our business activities while at the same time reducing our Scope 1 and 2 market-based GHG emissions. 2024 2021 (Base year) 2024 vs 2021 (%) Net revenues [€ million] 6,677 4,271 56% GHG intensity (All Scopes location-based) [tCO2eq / € million] 158.9 231.2 (31%) GHG intensity (All Scopes market-based) [tCO2eq / € million] 154.7 228.7 (32%) For more details on net revenues, please refer to the “Consolidated Financial Statement—Net revenues” paragraph of the Financial Statement. Below our biogenic emission: Unit of measurement: tCO2eq 2024 Scope 1 Biogenic emissions 4 Scope 2 Biogenic emissions — Scope 3 Biogenic emissions 219 Total Biogenic emissions 223 GHG REMOVALS AND GHG MITIGATION PROJECTS FINANCED THROUGH CARBON CREDITS Along with the implementation of GHG emis- sion reduction initiatives, we recognize the criti- cal importance of addressing residual emissions by supporting certified carbon avoidance proj- ects through the purchase of carbon avoidance credits. By combining emission reduction mea- sures with climate contributions to certified car- bon avoidance projects, we have achieved Carbon Neutrality for Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions in all our operations for 2021, 2022, and 2023. As our planned reduction initiatives continue to drive a sustained decrease in emissions by at least 90 percent of our Scope 1 and 2 absolute tCO2eq emis- sions by 2030 versus 2021, we will progressively adjust our climate contribution activities accordingly. CARBON CREDITS CANCELLED IN THE REPORTING YEAR 2024 2023 Total (tCO2eq) 77,691 84,012 Share from reduction projects (%) 1 project - Sustainability Community Project (100% Canada) 1 project - Sustainability Community Project (100% Canada) Share from removal projects (%) 0 projects 0 projects Verified Carbon Standard (VCS) - Verra 100% 100% Share from projects within the EU (%) — — Share of carbon credits that qualify as corresponding adjustments (%) — — Since 2022, we have partnered with ClimateSeed to support a unique carbon avoidance project, the Sustainability Community Project in Canada (currently we do not have projects in the EU). This project is cer- tified by the Verified Carbon Standard (VCS) – Verra, one of the most recognized GHG crediting programs. The Sustainability Community Project pools more than 800 local carbon-reduction micro-projects by SMEs, municipalities, and NGOs together to provide high additional social impacts. The GHG reductions come from diverse sources of individual activities such as improved energy efficiency for buildings, redirection of waste away from landfills, and promo- tion of fuel-switching activities. Since contributing to

[TABLE] 6,677
[TABLE] 158.9
[TABLE] 154.7
[TABLE] 4
[TABLE] —
[TABLE] 219
[TABLE] 223
[TABLE] 77,691
[TABLE] 1 project - Sustainability
Community Project (100% Canada)
[TABLE] 0 projects
[TABLE] 100%
[TABLE] —
[TABLE] —

[PAGE 225]
225 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F this project, the project developer has been innovat- ing how it manages and monitors the micro-projects through digital solutions to scale the onboarding of new projects and digitally manage the carbon emis- sions inventory. The project carrier is continuously searching for new SME prospects to join their sus- tainable community, which includes more than 150 members and more than 1 thousand buildings in the province of Quebec. The project’s main objective is to bring up to 10 thousand customer facilities together in a “sustainable community” to reduce GHG emissions. During 2024, we cancelled 77,691 tCO2eq of car- bon credits. Beyond Verra’s project certification, Climate-Seed has developed a comprehensive Project Evaluation Framework that assesses all critical dimensions of a project, including additionality, permanence, leakage, social safeguards and rights, benefit-sharing struc- tures, biodiversity impacts, and co-benefits aligned with the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). ClimateSeed’s Project Evaluation Framework pro- vides a thorough, multidimensional analysis, high- lighting each project’s strengths and potential risks. This approach enables informed decision-making and ensures the highest standards of environmental and social integrity. In addition, ClimateSeed conducts rigorous due diligence on project carriers, identifying the ultimate beneficial owners behind each project to mitigate risks related to money laundering and ter- rorist financing. Furthermore, ClimateSeed upholds fair and transparent pricing principles, ensuring: no resale or secondary market transactions, direct car- bon credit retirement on behalf of Ferrari, full trace- ability and accountability in every transaction. To reach Carbon Neutrality, our ambition is to cancel carbon credits outside the undertaking’s value chain for the amount of unavoidable emis- sions and for which we will not find reduction actions. To date we have in place a framework agreement, and each year we define the precise amounts of carbon credits to cancel. As of today, Ferrari has not developed GHG remov- als and storage projects. EUROPEAN UNION EMISSION TRADING SYSTEM (EU-ETS) Ferrari’s production plant in Maranello is subject to the European Union Emissions Trading System (EU- ETS). To be compliant with the EU Emissions Trading System (ETS), ad hoc procedures have been put in place in order to monitor and measure the emissions covered by the ETS. A specific monitoring plan has been established according to the requirements of the regulation, which is verified by a third party annu- ally. Every year the emissions covered by the ETS are verified by an independent third party and the corre- sponding amount of allowances are included in The Union Registry, which guarantees accurate account- ing for all allowances issued under the EU emissions trading system. Deadlines control and compliance with the rules of the mechanism are entrusted to the Competent National Authorities (ANC). The monitor- ing and management of the activities related to ETS is assigned to a team led by the Head of Infrastructures, Ecology and Health & Safety. This team monitors, on a monthly basis, the status of our relevant GHG emis- sions in relation to the compliance status and factor the costs of exceeding the allocated allowances into our financial planning process. To do so, we have in- stalled several meters in our plants, and we receive monthly invoices from the natural gas provider that confirms the values from the meters. We are explor- ing further solutions to reduce our overall gas con- sumption in the coming years. We also assess the further development of the cap-and-trade schemes and resulting potential financial risk for the Company via our Enterprise Risk Management. Additionally, the shutdown of the trigeneration plant, the main contributor to Scope 1 emissions, has reduced our EU-ETS-related costs. In 2024, 81 percent of Scope 1 emissions were covered by EU-ETS. Based on the average price of EU-ETS credits in 2024, we defined an internal carbon price, i.e., a shadow price, to conduct cost-benefit analyses and reduce upstream value chain emissions on specific projects. The scopes covered by our internal carbon pricing scheme are: • Category 3.1 - Upstream transportation and distribution • Category 3.2 - Downstream transportation and distribution. • Category 4.1 - Purchased goods • Category 4.5 - Use of services These projects will be implemented in the next few years, in 2024 there were no GHG emission cov- ered by these schemes. The implementation of cli- mate-related policies and targets is not incentivized by the presence of an internal carbon price. EU TAXONOMY In order to meet the objectives of the European green deal and to establish a unified EU classification system of environmentally sustainable economic activities, the European Commission published in June 2020 Regulation (EU) 2020/852, the “Taxonomy Regulation”(13). The EU Taxonomy identifies the following six environmental objectives: (a) climate change mitigation; (b) climate change adaptation; (c) sustainable use and protection of water and ma- rine resources; (d) transition to a circular economy; (e) pollution prevention and control; and (f) protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems.

[PAGE 226]
226 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F Taxonomy-aligned activities are those that comply with the requirements laid down in Article 3 of the Taxonomy Regulation: • substantially contributes to one or more of the environmental objectives by meeting the techni- cal screening criteria defined for this economic activity; • does no significant harm to the other five objec- tives; and • complies with minimum safeguards. Our reporting requirements Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation requires non-fi- nancial undertakings to disclose information on the pro- portion of the turnover, capital expenditure and operat- ing expenditure (“key performance indicators”) of their activities related to assets or processes associated with environmentally sustainable economic activities. The Commission adopted and published the EU Taxonomy Delegated Acts(14) to implement the Taxonomy Regulation. The Commission adopted in July 2021, a delegated act that specifies the dis- closure obligations of undertakings under Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation with respect to the Taxonomy-eligibility and alignment of their activities (“Disclosures Delegated Act”)(15). Our approach to disclosure Ferrari has been developing specific analysis to re- spond to such disclosure requirements. A study was performed in accordance with the following meth- odological steps, briefly described below: ANALYSIS OF THE ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES OF FERRARI ELIGIBLE AND ALIGNED TO THE EU TAXONOMY We thoroughly analyzed the requirements es- tablished by the Taxonomy Regulation and the Commission’s FAQs, identifying the economic activ- ity 3.3 “Manufacture of low carbon technologies for transport” as the one that correlates the most with Ferrari’s core activities and operations. Further linkages can be found with the economic activity 6.5 “Transport by motorbikes, passenger cars and light commercial vehicles”, with particular reference to our financial services activities. Such a process was conducted by analyzing both formal Ferrari-related NACE codes as well as its substantial business activ- ities and operations in comparison to the list provid- ed by the EU Taxonomy. For both of these activities, the environmental objective most consistent with respect to Ferrari’s business is climate change miti- gation. Further residual Ferrari activities and opera- tions are currently considered not pertinent to oth- er Taxonomy-related economic activities and/or not significant for the purpose of this disclosure. Substantial contribution In the Annexes I and II of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 of June 4, 2021 are estab- lished the Technical Screening Criteria for determin- ing the conditions under which a specific economic activity qualifies as contributing substantially to cli- mate change mitigation or climate change adaptation, respectively. Consequently, those Technical Screening Criteria specify the minimum requirements that the economic activity should meet in order to qualify as environmentally sustainable. In 2024, Ferrari conduct- ed a detailed analysis of all Technical Screening Criteria related to economic activities 3.3 and 6.5 to determine the share of Turnover, Capital Expenditure (CapEx) and Operating Expenditure (OpEx) aligned with these requirements. From the analysis performed, all the technical screening criteria for substantial contribu- tion to climate change mitigation are met. Do no significant harm (DNSH) The Climate Delegated Act establishes, for the climate change mitigation and climate change adaptation en- vironmental objectives, Technical Screening Criteria for determining whether that economic activity causes no significant harm to one or more of the en- vironmental objectives laid down in Article 9 of the Taxonomy Regulation. Similarly, the Environmental Delegated Act establishes Technical Screening Criteria for the remaining four environmental ob- jectives. The Technical Screening Criteria for “do no significant harm” should ensure that the economic activity has no significant negative environmental impact. In 2024, Ferrari conducted a detailed analy- sis of all DNSH criteria related to economic activities 3.3 and 6.5, including the requirements outlined in the Appendixes to Annex I of the Climate Delegated Act, to verify alignment with the EU Taxonomy. From the analysis performed, we met the DNSH outlined in Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 under the econom- ic activities 3.3 and 6.5 except for a minimal quantity of a substance listed in Appendix C point c) “substanc- es, whether on their own, in mixture or in articles, list- ed in Annexes I or II to Regulation (EC) No 1005/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council”. Respect of the Minimum safeguards The minimum safeguards referred to in point (c) of Article 3 and Article 18 of the Taxonomy Regulation are represented by procedures implemented by an undertaking that is carrying out an economic activity to ensure the alignment with the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises and the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. Those procedures in- clude the principles and rights set out in the eight funda- mental conventions identified in the Declaration of the International Labour Organisation (ILO) on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work and the International Bill of Human Rights. In order to verify compliance with Minimum safeguards on its activities, Ferrari conduct-

[PAGE 227]
227 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F ed and updated an analysis in light of the information reported in the Final Report on Minimum Safeguards published by the Platform on Sustainable Finance in October 2022, and Commission’s FAQs. Ferrari is compliant with the safeguards regard- ing human rights in our activities, grievance mech- anisms, anti-corruption, competition and taxation. Furthermore, we are developing actions aimed at en- suring full compliance with safeguards, through the development of a state-of-the-art corporate due dili- gence processes on human rights that will involve our business partners both upstream and downstream. Suppliers were selected based on risk criteria (stra- tegic relevance, geographical location, company size, supplier strategy, product category or service). This initiative is the starting point of a structured ESG due diligence activity. This approach, integrated into our integrity framework, will be carried out in accordance with the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises and the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs). Through this, it will be possible to clas- sify such business activity as Taxonomy-aligned. ANALYSIS OF 2024 FERRARI TURNOVER, CAPITAL EXPENDITURE AND OPERATING EXPENDITURE AND CALCULATION OF EU TAXONOMY-RELATED KPIS. We analyzed our turnover, capital and operating ex- penditure for the calculation of the KPIs requested pursuant to the Taxonomy Regulation and related documentation, according to our current interpre- tation of the applicable requirements. Potential double counting in the allocation in the nu- merator of turnover, capital expenditure and op- erating expenditure has been avoided through the use of the financial information which are at the base of the Consolidated Financial Statements as of December 31, 2024. Turnover(16) KPI: (a) Regarding the denominator, we based it on our consolidated net turnover in accordance with IAS 1.82(a). For further details on our account- ing policies regarding our consolidated net turn- over please refer to the Consolidated Financial Statements of our Annual Report. (b) Regarding the numerator, we analyzed our poten- tial turnover derived from products or services in line with the previous mentioned assumptions: • we considered as “eligible”: the revenues re- lated to the shipments of our cars, any per- sonalization generated and to financial ser- vices activities. We take into consideration the eligible activities which contribute at least 1 percent of total Group revenues. • we considered as “aligned”: the revenues re- lated to the shipments of our cars and to finan- cial services activities if these cars classified as light-duty vehicles with specific emissions of CO2, as defined in Article 3(1), point (h), of Regulation (EU) 2019/631, lower than 50 g CO2/km (low-and zero-emission light-duty vehicles) and at the same time respects both the compliance with all DNSH criteria listed in the Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 for such activities and the fulfillment of the minimum safeguards. As of 2024, our sports cars are above the required emissions threshold; • we considered as “not eligible”: the revenues generated from the sales of spare parts as well as of engines to Maserati for the use in their cars and from the rental of engines to other Formula 1 racing teams; the reve- nues earned by our racing teams (mainly in the Formula 1 World Championship and the World Endurance Championship) through sponsorship agreements and our share of the Formula 1 World Championship com- mercial revenues; the net revenues generat- ed through the Ferrari brand, including fash- ion collection, merchandising, licensing and royalty income; any other revenue, primari- ly related to the management of the Mugello racetrack and other sports-related activities. • we considered as “not aligned”: the reve- nues related to the shipments of our cars and to financial services activities that have not met one or more of the Technical Screening Criteria specified in the Delegated Regulations or that do not fulfil the minimum safeguards specified in the Article 18 of the Taxonomy Regulation.

[PAGE 228]
228 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F PORTION OF TURNOVER FROM PRODUCTS OR SERVICES ASSOCIATED WITH TAXONOMY – ALIGNED ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES - DISCLOSURE COVERING YEAR 2024(17) Economic activities A. TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES A.1 Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned) Turnover of environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1) Of which enabling 0 0 4,973,770 74% 2% 76% 76% 24% 130,406 5,104,176 5,104,176 1,572,492 0 0% 0% 0% Of which transitional 3.3. Manufacture of low carbon technologies for transport Financial year 2024 Code Turnover Proportion of turnover 2024 % €/000 A.2 Taxonom-Eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) CCM 3.3 CCM 6.5 B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES 6.5. Transport by motorbikes, passenger cars and light commercial vehicles Turnover of Taxonomy-Eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2) A. Turnover of Taxonomy-eligible activities (A.1+A.2) Turnover of Taxonomy-Non-Eligible activities Total (A-B) 100% 6,676,668 Year

[TABLE] A. TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
[TABLE] A.1 Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned)

[PAGE 229]
229 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL EL 76% 76% Substantial contribution criteria DNSH criteria (“Does Not Significantly HarmŰ Climate Change mitigation Y/NN/EL Y/NN/EL Y/NN/EL Y/NN/EL Y/NN/EL Y/NN/EL Y/NY/NY/NY/NY/NY/NY/N % ET Climate change adaptation Water Pollution Circular economy Biodiversity Climate Change mitigation Climate change adaptation Water and marine resources Pollution Circular economy Biodiversity and ecosystem Minium safeguards Proportion of Taxonomy Aligned or eligible turnover, year 2022 Category enabling acitivity Category transitional activity EL N/EL EL N/EL EL N/EL EL N/EL EL N/EL EL N/EL 82% 0% 0% ET 0% 2% 84% 84%

[TABLE] ymonoce
egnahC egnahc
ytisrevidoiB
noitagitim noitatpada
etamilC etamilC noitulloP ralucriC
retaW | eniram ymonoce
egnahC egnahc dna
ytisrevidoiB
noitagitim noitatpada dna secruoser metsysoce
etamilC etamilC noitulloP ralucriC
retaW
[TABLE] 0%
[TABLE] 82%
[TABLE] 2%
[TABLE] 84%
[TABLE] 84%

[PAGE 230]
230 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F In 2024, the taxonomy-eligible turnover share decreased from the previous year, mainly due to the reclassification of the eligibility of certain other revenues. PORTION OF TURNOVER/TOTAL TURNOVER Taxonomy-aligned per objective Taxonomy-eligible per objective CCM —% 76% CCA —% —% WTR —% —% CE —% —% PPC —% —% BIO —% —% As outlined in our 2022-2026 Strategic Plan an- nounced during the 2022 Capital Markets Day, the first full electric Ferrari will be launched in the fourth quarter of 2025. Therefore, to date, such revenues are equal to zero. Capital Expenditure(18) KPI: (c) Regarding the denominator, it consists of ad- ditions to tangible and intangible fixed assets during the financial year, before depreciation, amortization and any re-measurements, includ- ing those resulting from revaluations and im- pairments, as well as excluding changes in fair value. It includes acquisitions of tangible fixed assets (IAS 16), intangible fixed assets (IAS 38) and right-of-use assets (IFRS 16). Additions re- sulting from business combinations are also in- cluded. Goodwill and borrowing costs are not included in the denominator, as it is not defined as a tangible or intangible asset in accordance with IAS 16 and IAS 38. For further details on our accounting policies regarding our capital expen- diture, please refer to the Consolidated Financial Statements of our Annual Report. (d) Regarding the numerator, we analyzed our capital expenditures in line with the previous mentioned assumptions: • we considered as “eligible”: • the additions of tangible assets related to our production facilities in Maranello and Modena, plus our subsidiaries (excluding racetrack management and retail business) as well as financial services activities; • the additions of intangible assets related to externally acquired and internally generat- ed development costs for our cars as well as patents, concessions and licenses and other intangible assets mainly related to the regis- tration of trademarks. • we considered as “aligned”: the additions of tangible and intangible assets related to the development and production of vehicles, that in particular classify as light-duty vehicles with specific emissions of CO2, as defined in Article 3(1), point (h), of Regulation (EU) 2019/631, lower than 50 g CO2/km (low-and zero-emission light-duty vehicles). Moreover, we consider the additions of tangible and in- tangible assets related to the plan to allow Taxonomy-eligible economic activities to be- come Taxonomy-aligned (“CapEx plan”) un- der the conditions specified in the second subparagraph of the point 1.1.2.2 of Annex 1 of the Disclosure Delegated Act. At the same time, both the compliance with all DNSH criteria listed in the Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 for such activities and the ful- fillment of the minimum safeguards as per Article 3 and 18 of the Taxonomy Regulation was verified; • we considered as “not eligible”: the remaining additions of tangible and intangible assets. • we considered as “not aligned”: the additions of tangible and intangible assets related to the development and production of our ve- hicles that have not met one or more of the Technical Screening Criteria specified in the Delegated Regulations or that do not fulfil the minimum safeguards specified in the Article 18 of the Taxonomy Regulation.

[PAGE 231]
231 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F

[PAGE 232]
232 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F PORTION OF CAPITAL EXPENDITURE FROM PRODUCTS OR SERVICES ASSOCIATED WITH TAXONOMY – ALIGNED ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES - DISCLOSURE COVERING YEAR 2024(19) Economic activities A. TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES A.1 Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned) CapEx of environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1) Of which enabling 0 0 976,112 92% 92% 92% 8% 976,112 976,112 85,109 0 0% 0% 0% Of which transitional 3.3. Manufacture of low carbon technologies for transport Financial year 2024 Year CapEx Proportion of CapEx 2024 % €/000 A.2 Taxonom-Eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) CCM 3.3 B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES CapEx of Taxonomy-Eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2) A. CapEx of Taxonomy-eligible activities (A.1+A.2) CapEx of Taxonomy-Non-Eligible activities Total (A-B) 100% 1,061,221 Code

[TABLE] A. TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
[TABLE] A.1 Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned)

[PAGE 233]
233 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL 92% 92% Substantial contribution criteria DNSH criteria (“Does Not Significantly HarmŰ Climate Change mitigation Y/NN/EL Y/NN/EL Y/NN/EL Y/NN/EL Y/NN/EL Y/NN/EL Y/NY/NY/NY/NY/NY/NY/N % ET Climate change adaptation Water Pollution Circular economy Biodiversity Climate Change mitigation Climate change adaptation Water and marine resources Pollution Circular economy Biodiversity and ecosystem Minium safeguards Proportion of Taxonomy Aligned or eligible CapEx, year 2022 Category enabling acitivity Category transitional activity EL N/EL EL N/EL EL N/EL EL N/EL EL N/EL EL N/EL 94% 0% 0% ET 0% 94% 94%

[TABLE] ymonoce
egnahC egnahc
ytisrevidoiB
noitagitim noitatpada
etamilC etamilC noitulloP ralucriC
retaW | eniram ymonoce
egnahC egnahc dna
ytisrevidoiB
noitagitim noitatpada dna secruoser metsysoce
etamilC etamilC noitulloP ralucriC
retaW
[TABLE] 0%
[TABLE] 94%
[TABLE] 94%
[TABLE] 94%

[PAGE 234]
234 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F PORTION OF CAPEX/TOTAL CAPEX Taxonomy-aligned per objective Taxonomy-eligible per objective CCM —% 92% CCA —% —% WTR —% —% CE —% —% PPC —% —% BIO —% —% In 2024, capital expenditures increased in absolute terms for both taxonomy-eligible and non-eligible categories, the latter growing faster than the for- mer, primarily due to the increase of right-of-use assets (IFRS 16), resulting in a 2 percent decrease in the eligibility share compared to the previous year. We compiled the financial figures based on the vehicle model and powertrain technology and we included the capital expenditure that are initially directly attributed to electric vehicles. Furthermore, we included in the capital expenditure all other activities that according to our medium-term plan- ning, up to 2026, will contribute to the production of electric vehicles. Capital expenditure that was not clearly attributable to a particular vehicle was taken into account on a proportionate basis using alloca- tion formulas. Operating Expenditure(20) KPI: (e) Regarding the denominator, it consists of direct non-capitalized costs that relate to research and development, building renovation measures, short-term lease, maintenance and repair, and any other direct expenditures relating to the day-to-day servicing of assets of property, plant and equipment. (f) Regarding the numerator, we analyzed our di- rect non-capitalized costs in line with the previ- ous mentioned assumptions: • we considered as “eligible”: • the direct non-capitalized costs that primar- ily relate to research and development ac- tivities, including Formula 1 racing as well as development activities to support the inno- vation of our product portfolio and compo- nents, in particular, in relation to electric and other new technologies, • the maintenance expenditures related to the manufacturing of our vehicles, and our sub- sidiaries (excluding racetrack management and retail business) as well as those related to financial services activities; • we considered as “aligned”: the direct non-capitalized costs related to the develop- ment and production of vehicles, that in par- ticular classify as light-duty vehicles with spe- cific emissions of CO2, as defined in Article 3(1), point (h), of Regulation (EU) 2019/631, lower than 50 g CO2/km (low-and zero-emis- sion light-duty vehicles). Moreover, we con- sider the direct non-capitalized costs related to the CapEx plan to allow Taxonomy-eligible economic activities to become Taxonomy- aligned within a predefined timeframe as set out in the second paragraph of the point 1.1.3.2 of Annex 1 of the Disclosure Delegated Act. At the same time, both the compliance with all DNSH criteria listed in the Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 for such activities and the fulfillment of the minimum safeguards as per Article 3 and 18 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation was verified; • we considered as “not eligible”: the remaining direct non-capitalized costs. • we considered as “not aligned”: the direct non-capitalized costs related to the devel- opment and production of our vehicles that have not met one or more of the Technical Screening Criteria specified in the Delegated Regulations or that do not fulfil the minimum safeguards specified in the Article 18 of the Taxonomy Regulation.

[PAGE 236]
236 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F PORTION OF OPERATING EXPENDITURE FROM PRODUCTS OR SERVICES ASSOCIATED WITH TAXONOMY – ALIGNED ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES - DISCLOSURE COVERING YEAR 2024(21)V Economic activities A. TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES A.1 Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned) OpEx of environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1) Of which enabling 0 0 591,491 100% 100% 100% 0% 591,491 591,491 529 0 0% 0% 0% Of which transitional 3.3. Manufacture of low carbon technologies for transport Financial year 2024 Code OpEx Proportion of OpEx 2024 % €/000 A.2 Taxonom-Eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) CCM 3.3 B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES OpEx of Taxonomy-Eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2) A. OpEx of Taxonomy-eligible activities (A.1+A.2) OpEx of Taxonomy-Non-Eligible activities Total (A-B) 100% 592,020 Year

[TABLE] A. TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
[TABLE] A.1 Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned)

[PAGE 237]
237 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL 100% 100% Substantial contribution criteria DNSH criteria (“Does Not Significantly HarmŰ Climate Change mitigation Y/NN/EL Y/NN/EL Y/NN/EL Y/NN/EL Y/NN/EL Y/NN/EL Y/NY/NY/NY/NY/NY/NY/N % ET Climate change adaptation Water Pollution Circular economy Biodiversity Climate Change mitigation Climate change adaptation Water and marine resources Pollution Circular economy Biodiversity and ecosystem Minium safeguards Proportion of Taxonomy Aligned or eligible OpEx, year 2022 Category enabling acitivity Category transitional activity EL N/EL EL N/EL EL N/EL EL N/EL EL N/EL EL N/EL 100% 0% 0% ET 0% 100% 100%

[TABLE] ymonoce
egnahC egnahc
ytisrevidoiB
noitagitim noitatpada
etamilC etamilC noitulloP ralucriC
retaW | eniram ymonoce
egnahC egnahc dna
ytisrevidoiB
noitagitim noitatpada dna secruoser metsysoce
etamilC etamilC noitulloP ralucriC
retaW
[TABLE] 0%
[TABLE] 100%
[TABLE] 100%
[TABLE] 100%

[PAGE 239]
239 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F PORTION OF OPEX/TOTAL OPEX Taxonomy-aligned per objective Taxonomy-eligible per objective CCM —% 100% CCA —% —% WTR —% —% CE —% —% PPC —% —% BIO —% —% In 2024, the taxonomy-eligible operating expenditure share has remained stable from the previous year. Potential double counting in the allocation in the numerator of Turnover, capital expenditure and operating expenditure has been avoided through the use of the financial information which are at the base of the Consolidated Financial Statements as of December 31, 2024. Further analysis will be made over time accord- ing to the progressive evolution of the Taxonomy Regulation, and its concrete interpretation/appli cation for reporting purposes in accordance with Ferrari’s strategic approach. In order to truly understand the importance and actions that Ferrari is putting in place to achieve the climate mitigation objective, it should be noted our pursuit of reaching Carbon Neutrality by 2030, addressing both direct and indirect emissions with a focus on energy and materials, in addition to our electrification journey. As a further step forward in this process, since 2019 we are monitoring our car- bon footprint considering the emissions related to all the Group activities over our entire value chain. Our calculation, based on GHG protocol and ISO 14064:2018 methodologies, allowed us to determine priority areas for action. We have the ambition to expanding our Taxonomy-aligned activities through dedicated investment (“CapEx Plan”) and operating expenditures, as outlined in our 2022-2026 Strategic Plan presented during our 2022 Capital Markets Day, in line with the conditions specified in the sec- ond subparagraph of the point 1.1.2.2 of Annex 1 of the Disclosure Delegated Act. Given that we plan to develop our new business plan in 2025, we are cur- rently reviewing this plan. TAXONOMY TABLE FOR NUCLEAR AND GAS AS REFERRED TO IN COMPLIMENTARY CLIMATE DELEGATED ACT(22) Nuclear energy related activities 1 The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to research, development, demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle. N 2 The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production, as well as their safety upgrades, using best available technologies. N 3 The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy, as well as their safety upgrades. N Fossil gas related activities 4 The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction or operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels. N 5 The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment, and operation of combined heat/cool and power generation facilities using fossil gaseous fuels. N 6 The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment and operation of heat generation facilities that produce heat/cool using fossil gaseous fuels. N

[TABLE] Nuclear energy related activities
[TABLE] Fossil gas related activities

[PAGE 240]
240 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F E2 – POLLUTION SUBSTANCES OF CONCERNS AND SUBSTANCES OF VERY HIGH CONCERN Ferrari considers environmental protection a deci- sive aspect to be promoted in its overall approach to business. OUR POLICY We are aware of our potential impacts generated by the unlawful usage of substances of concern and substances of very high concern. For this reason and in compliance with the applicable laws and regula- tions (CE/1907/2006 – REACH(23) regulation), we have defined strict procedures on the management of these substances. The Environmental Practice sets out key prin- ciples to manage IROs such as compliance with applicable regulatory and legal requirements, a peri- odic and systematic establishment of improvement objectives and their monitoring and measurement through KPIs, the development of products that meet customers’ needs while ensuring respect for the environment, and the adoption of the best available technologies for the efficiency of production pro- cesses and the reduction of environmental impacts. These principles include pollution prevention. For additional information about the Environmental Practice, please refer to the “E1—Climate change—Our policy” paragraph. During the year, we conducted a screening on our site locations and business activities to assess and evaluate pollutants and substances of concern and very high concern. Additionally, during our materiality analysis, we also considered the impacts on our entire value chain, although we have not carried out consul- tations with affected communities on this topic. Regarding substances of concern and sub- stances of very high concern, two specific proce- dures have been approved: the “Approval of auxil- iary and direct materials, storage management” and the “CMR mixture/substances derogation”. Our pro- cedures take into account all substances involved in the analysis. However, there is no specific proce- dure for each single substance. The main objective of the “Approval of auxiliary and direct materials, storage management” procedure is to define how materials, such as auxiliary and direct chemicals (articles, substances and preparation/ mixtures), are acquired and used by employees. This ensures that all health and safety and environmental risks associated with these materials are evaluated and prevented before their entrance within the perim- eter of our production sites. The procedure applies to our production sites(24) and to all employees and non-employees. This procedure aims at preventing impacts and risks, as well as managing opportunities, such as our potential contribution to pollution due to substances of concern and substances of very high concern. Moreover, the procedure aims to avoid inci- dents and emergency situations, and, if they do occur, to control and limit their impact on people and the envi- ronment. According to this procedure, each area must exclusively use chemicals, for its respective area, that have passed the approval process, which considers health, safety and environmental aspects. In particular, product classified under current regulations as car- cinogenic, mutagenic, and toxic for reproduction are not supposed to be used, since Legislative Decree No. 102 of 30 July 2020 requires a progressive phase-out of substances classified under those hazard categories. Where substitution is not possible, a deroga- tion process must be initiated in accordance with the provisions of the procedure “CMR mixture/sub- stances derogation”(25). According to this procedure, we require users to seek a non-hazardous substi- tute material and specific prevention and protec- tion measures are put into place. In addition, within “Approval of auxiliary and direct materials, storage management”, specific rules are set for storage and handling of hazardous substances as well as the peri- odic monitoring and control of usage area and meth- ods to prevent incidents and emergency situations. The most senior level accountable for the implementation of the procedures is the Chief Technologies and Infrastructures Officer. These procedures have been defined in accor- dance with ISO 14001:2015 and ISO 45001:2018. These procedures are addressed to employees and are available on the Ferrari intranet. The procedures cover the following impact: “Group’s contribution to pollution due to substances of concern and substances of very high concern”. OUR ACTIONS AND TARGETS We have implemented best practices to avoid or minimize the risk of harm in managing substances of concern and substances of very high concern, even though no specific pollution-related target has been set. Additionally, and according to the proce- dures described above, we have put in place specific processes to monitor and track their right applica- tion also through periodic audits carried out by the Environmental and Energy and the Health & Safety teams. The results of the audits are recorded on a spe-

[PAGE 241]
241 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F cific form and sent to all those in charge. The closure of anomalies and the verification of effectiveness are recorded and monitored by the Environment and Energy Department on a specific summary file. In case no substitute material is available, substances of concern or very high concern are accepted under spe- cific preventive measures. In this context, workers are protected from exposure and contact with hazardous substances through the implementation of closed cy- cles (processes or systems designed to minimize their exposure). These ensure that the use or transfer of hazardous materials occurs in sealed or controlled en- vironments, reducing the risk of leaks, contamination or accidental exposure. Closed cycles aim at increasing safety for operators, reducing risk of incidents and re- ducing environmental impacts. These actions pertain to Ferrari production facilities (Ferrari S.p.A.) and have been already implemented in all processes where pos- sible, and will remain in effect long-term, with regular quality checks as needed. In 2024, we implemented a closed cycle to manage cumene in our foundry. We aim to minimize the number of exposed workers and re- duce the duration and intensity of workers’ exposure to the lowest technically possible value. No significant op- erational or capital expenditures have been allocated to these actions in 2024 or are planned for the future. If the implementation of closed cycles is not pos- sible, alternative collective protection systems, such as fume hoods, are provided. These systems are designed to safeguard the health and safety of groups of people, rather than just individuals, during work activities or in the presence of specific risks. These are tools that reduce exposure to hazards through solutions integrated into the workplace, independent of individual behavior. These actions are specific to Ferrari’s production facilities and have already been implemented across all feasible processes. They are designed to remain in place over the long term, with periodic quality checks conducted as necessary. We continue to monitor and report the use of hazard- ous substance and the effectiveness of the safety measures implemented. No significant operational or capital expenditures have been allocated to this action in 2024 or are planned for the future. For other measures, for instance personal pro- tective equipment, please refer to the “S1—Own work- force—Health and Safety—Our actions” paragraph. Referring to our Lifestyle activities, no substance of concern or very high concern is produced, used, distributed, commercialized, imported and exported in line with applicable laws and regulations. To ensure the quality and safety of our Lifestyle products, we per- form specific tests including a qualitative resistance test and a detailed chemical test to assess the compo- sition of the products. These tests are carried out on every product of our personal luxury goods category. OUR METRICS We purchase hazardous substances in the form of articles, substances and preparation/mixtures which are mainly acquired through indirect pur- chasing. As far as direct purchasing concerns, these are generally not subject to REACH regulation. We monitor updates to the candidate chemi- cals list of very high concern and are aware of the presence of these substances in some of our com- ponents. As soon as a rulemaking process begins to regulate these substances in any market where we operate, we take all necessary measures to prepare for their substitution or to mitigate their potential impact. The main production processes that include the use of substances of concern and very high con- cern are, among others, vehicle testing, laboratory materials, machining, finishing and painting, engine testing, powertrain and engine assembly. Gasoline, used mainly in engine and vehicle testing, is, by far, the major source of substances of concern. Weight (Kg) Substances of concern (SoC) Substances of very high concern (SVHC) Total amount of substances of concern that are used during production or that are procured 1.970,070 90 Carcinogenicity categories 1 and 2 (gasoline) 1,329,650 — Other hazard classes 640,420 90 Total amount of substances leaving facilities as product, or part of product 185,324 175,983(1) (1) In this category, candidate chemicals list substances present in our products are included. The SoC and SVHC used in our production process are mainly calculated considering the observed amounts used during the production process. Since primary data is not currently available for the cat- egories(26) excluded from the obligation to report to the competent authority pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 102 of 30 July 2020, we estimate the amounts of SoC leaving our facilities as products, or as part of products, and the 78 percent of SoC in- cluded in the category “Other hazard classes” of the SoC used during production or that are procured. We estimated these data based on the total amount purchased during the year, using a proxy sample amounting to 10 percent of total products contain- ing those substances. Regarding the candidate list substances present in our cars, we calculate the amount taking into consideration the car configura- tion of the European and UK market and the number of shipments in 2024. This methodology is not vali- dated by an external body.

[PAGE 242]
242 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F E5 – RESOURCE USE AND CIRCULAR ECONOMY OUR POLICY Ferrari consistently strives for the highest quality in all materials used, ensuring durability over time; as a result, our products are not only built to last but are also cherished as collectibles that can be passed down through generations rather than simply serv- ing as modes of transportation. We also acknowl- edge that a rational use of raw materials, together with careful waste management, helps reduce the environmental impact of our manufacturing pro- cess. For this reason, we are implementing innova- tive solutions and advanced technical processes, such as the reuse of aluminum scraps, to minimize waste and reduce environmental impacts. Ferrari considers environmental protection to be a decisive aspect to be promoted in its overall approach to business. The Environmental Practice promotes the reuse of waste materials in the pro- duction process according to a circular economy approach. Moreover, it aims to reduce the quantity of waste and optimize the amount of materials sent to recovery plants. The practice sets out key princi- ples to manage IROs (for details please refer to “ESRS 2—General disclosures—Impacts, risks and opportu- nities management” paragraph of this Report) such as: compliance with applicable regulatory and legal requirements, periodic and systematic establish- ment of improvement objectives and their monitor- ing and measurement through KPIs, the develop- ment of products that meet customers’ needs while ensuring respect for the environment, safety and quality, and the adoption of the best available tech- nologies for the efficiency of production processes and the reduction of environmental impacts. The practice covers the following impacts and oppor- tunity: “Reduction of waste thanks to the increase of durability, reparability and recyclability of spare parts (e.g. racing and sports cars) or products (e.g. lifestyle)”, “production of hazardous / non hazardous waste by the organization”, “promotion of circularity within the value chain to reduce the use of natural resources and waste produced by suppliers”, “pro- duction of hazardous / non hazardous waste by the supply chain” and “circular economy manufacturing initiatives implemented: use of recycled materials, recovery of production waste for recycling and proj- ects aimed at ensuring an extension of product life”. Currently, the Environmental Practice does not address the use of renewable resources, however, we are continuously striving for sustainable and innovative material sourcing to integrate into our production processes. The monitoring and management of the environ- mental performance of our productive plants, includ- ing waste, is assigned to a team that reports to our Chief Technologies & Infrastructures Officer. Their effort is aimed at minimizing the impact of our activities on the environment. Please refer to the “ESRS 2—General disclosures—Our Decision-Making Process” section for the information about the accountability and the high- est positions with responsibility for waste issues. IROs in relation to resources use and circular economy matters have been identified during the double materiality assessment considering our products and production process. We have not carried out dedicated consultations with affected communities on this topic, but we have an ongoing dialogue with our suppliers to find recycled mate- rial solutions to reduce our emissions. For additional information on methodology adopted, please refer to “ESRS 2—General disclosures—Impacts, risks and opportunities management” paragraph. OUR TARGETS We have implemented best practices to maintain sta- ble and possibly reduce our waste production, even though no specific waste-related targets have been set. Additionally, we have been proactively promoting initiatives on alternative circular materials to evaluate the introduction of less environmentally impactful solu- tions. To track the progress and effectiveness of our policies and actions in relation to the material sustain- ability-related impact and opportunity, we aim to main- tain the ISO 14001:2015 certification, which includes, also for waste, continuous improvement targets and KPIs (e.g. percentage of waste directed to recovery).

[PAGE 243]
243 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F OUR ACTIONS In these past years, a series of initiatives have been implemented across different phases of the manu- facturing process to reduce waste production. An evidence of Ferrari attention to waste reduc- tion is represented by our management of scraps. We recycle aluminum scraps by melting them in the foundry, thus ensuring the reentering of those scraps in the manufacturing process. This is an important achievement, considering that aluminum is the first raw material by weight used in our production pro- cess. The aluminum scraps, i.e. the shavings, gen- erated during the mechanical process that cannot be melted, are compacted and eventually resold to companies specialized in recycling. This process has always been fully integrated in our foundry and involves Ferrari’s operations. In addition, at the begin- ning of 2023, we implemented the use of scorifying salts in the aluminum melting process with the spe- cific aim of maximizing material recovery. By facilitat- ing the removal of impurities and enabling a cleaner separation of aluminum from scrap, we have reduced the amount of aluminum discarded. This improve- ment has led to a 50 percent decrease in slag, under- scoring our commitment to reducing waste and optimizing resource use. No significant operational or capital expenditures have been allocated to this action in 2024 or are planned for the future. For the medium-term future, we plan to reduce the use of this virgin material by focusing on secondary alloy from recycled processes and on the reduction of quar- ry-derived resources. Additionally, aligned with Ferrari’s ambition to reduce CO2 emissions and to promote circularity, starting from 2026, we plan to introduce 100 percent recy- cled aluminum alloy for our engines (considering only the parts produced internally in our Maranello plant that weigh more than 80 percent of the engine). This action could reduce aluminum-related CO2 emissions by around 80 percent. This recycled alloy is charac- terized by high performance without compromising quality, differing minimally from primary alloys. Our ambition is to eliminate the use of primary alloys in our engines by relying on recycled raw materials. To align with market availability, we have developed a flexible process that allows us to use both primary and recy- cled alloys in engine components. No significant oper- ational or capital expenditures have been allocated to this action in 2024 or are planned for the future. In 2024, at the best of our knowledge, no stake- holder was negatively impacted. RESOURCE INFLOWS Car makers consume large amounts of raw mate- rials, and a conscientious planning of the manufac- turing process is essential to the management of scarce resources. Among the most used materials in our cars we have light alloys, such as aluminum, poly- mers, and to a lesser extent other metals (copper, titanium, platinum group, silicon, zinc, magnesium) elastomers, fluids, lithium, light rare earth elements. TOTAL RESOURCE INFLOWS 2024 Overall total weight of products and technical and biological materials used (Kg) 34,199 Percentage of biological materials (and biofuels used for non-energy purposes), including packaging, that is sustainably sourced —% Weight of secondary reused or recycled components, secondary intermediary products and secondary materials used to manufacture the undertaking’s products and services (including packaging) (Kg) 1,577 Percentage of secondary reused or recycled components, secondary intermediary products and secondary materials used to manufacture the undertaking’s products and services (including packaging). 4.6% For the denominator, the methodology applied to calculate the data in the table above is based on the incoming weight of materials and components in our warehouses. This data is the same as the one used for the calculation of the Scope 3 GHG emis- sions, category 4.1. The numerator is calculated based on supplier information provided through the International Material Data System. To estimate the quantity of packaging, we used the outflow quantity and assumed it was equal to the inflow quantity. RESOURCE OUTFLOWS The Group adopts a systemic approach to waste management, aiming to stabilize unit consumption over time. Although total waste per vehicle may in- crease due to production scale and innowvation ar- eas, we have launched ongoing projects that focus on minimizing waste generation as much as possible. A significant portion of our waste derives from non-hazardous materials including ferrous scraps, paper, wood, plastic packaging, and aqueous solu- tions. This waste primarily originates from foundry, paint and mechanical operations. The main typologies of hazardous waste include waste oil and solvents.

[TABLE] 34,199
[TABLE] —%
[TABLE] 1,577
[TABLE] 4.6%

[PAGE 244]
244 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F TOTAL WASTE BY WEIGHT DIVERTED FROM DISPOSAL BY RECOVERY OPERATION TYPES Recovery operation types [t] 2024 Weight Percentage Hazardous Waste Preparation for reuse — —% Recycling 724 11.3% Other recovery operations — —% Total Hazardous Waste 724 11.3% Non-Hazardous Waste Preparation for reuse 13 0.2% Recycling 5,681 88.5% Other recovery operations — —% Total Non-Hazardous Waste 5,694 88.7% Total Waste Diverted From Disposal 6,418 TOTAL WASTE BY WEIGHT DIRECTED TO DISPOSAL BY WASTE TREATMENT TYPE Waste treatment types [t] 2024 Weight Percentage Hazardous Waste Incineration with energy recovery — —% Incineration without energy recovery — —% Landfilling — —% Other disposal operations 597 18.1% Total Hazardous Waste 597 18.1% Non-Hazardous Waste Incineration with energy recovery — —% Incineration without energy recovery — —% Landfilling 147 4.5% Other disposal operations (D9 and D15)(1) 2,545 77.4% Total Non-Hazardous Waste 2,692 81.9% Total Waste Directed to Disposal 3,289 Weight (t) Percentage Total waste generated 9,707 Non-recycled waste 3,302 34.0% Hazardous Waste 1,320 13.6% Radioactive Waste — —% (1) D9: Physico-chemical treatment resulting in final compounds or mixtures which are discarded by any of the operations numbered D1 to D12, e.g. evaporation, drying, calcination D15: Storage pending any of the operations numbered D1 to D14 (excluding temporary storage, pending collection, on the site where it is produced).

[TABLE] — | —%
[TABLE] 724 | 11.3%
[TABLE] — | —%
[TABLE] 724 | 11.3%
[TABLE] 13 | 0.2%
[TABLE] 5,681 | 88.5%
[TABLE] — | —%
[TABLE] 5,694 | 88.7%
[TABLE] 6,418
[TABLE] — | —%
[TABLE] — | —%
[TABLE] — | —%
[TABLE] 597 | 18.1%
[TABLE] 597 | 18.1%
[TABLE] — | —%
[TABLE] — | —%
[TABLE] 147 | 4.5%
[TABLE] 2,545 | 77.4%
[TABLE] 2,692 | 81.9%
[TABLE] 3,289

[PAGE 245]
245 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F Waste monitoring is conducted through a thor- ough analysis of all supporting documentation. Each month, our external waste intermediary provides a report, generated from their management system, detailing the previous month’s waste movements. This data is processed to classify waste into the ap- propriate categories defined by Legislative Decree 152/2006 and is recorded in our internal reporting system for effective tracking and analysis. For Ferrari’s offices worldwide, when primary data are unavailable, waste production is estimated using statistical data(27) based on either the office’s surface area or the number of employees. DURABILITY, REPARABILITY AND RECYCLABLE CONTENT We have embraced circular economy principles by designing products with durability, repairability, and recyclability in mind. Ferrari cars exemplify this ap- proach, as their durability allows them to be passed on from one generation to the next. Ferrari Classiche services strive to keep as many of these classic cars on the road as possible and extending their lifecy- cle. Our cars are generally not considered means of transportation but collectible items. Ferrari cars are widely perceived as collect- ible items, potentially lasting forever. Our cars are expected to have a durability of at least 80 years, based on Ferrari’s manufacturing history to date, which began when the Company was founded in 1947. This far exceeds the industry average lifespan, which statistically ranges from 18 years in Western European countries to 28 years in Eastern ones(28). We supply parts for both current and older Ferrari models to our authorized dealer network. The substitution of spare parts throughout a car’s lifespan is driven not only by clients’ demand for parts to personalize their cars and maximize perfor- mance, but also to ensure and guarantee the repara- bility of our products. Please refer to the “Overview of Our Business— Client Relations—Ferrari Classiche” section for fur- ther information. 2024 Expected durability of products At least 80 Industry average durability From 18 years in Western European countries to 28 years in Eastern ones Our personal luxury goods’ design and production rely on high-quality materials. The durability of these products is influenced by their intended use and the frequency of washing. Total recyclable content [t] Total weight of materials used [t] Percentage Recyclable content in products 27,600 32,471 85.0% Recyclable content in products packaging 1,342 1,729 77.6% The minimum recyclability of vehicles sold is 85%(29). This value refers to the minimum percentage by mass guaranteed on our European fleet and determined in accordance with EU Directive 2005/64/EC. The total weight of materials refers to inflow materials used in our vehicles. The quantity of packaging disclosed above is the total packaging: we assume that the packaging inflow is equal to the packaging outflow and that for our business, product packaging is not relevant.

[TABLE] At least 80
[TABLE] From 18 years in Western European countries to 28 years in Eastern ones

[PAGE 247]
247 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F S1 – OWN WORKFORCE BEING THE EMPLOYER OF CHOICE The unmatched excellence and unique crafts- manship of our products are the foundation upon which Ferrari’s success is built and this is possible thanks to the talents, skills and efforts of the people working in Ferrari. STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT Since 2021, the “Formula Insieme” program is the main employee engagement activity, which aims to pursue the continuous development of Ferrari through a “plan, do, check, act” approach, starting from our employees’ opinions, gaining awareness of their points of view and identifying opportunities for continuous improvement. Every two years we carry out an internal performance survey of our employ- ees on various topics related to the working environ- ment, such as safety, change readiness, open cul- ture and other areas linked to our relevant impacts. The following impacts have been considered in the Formula Insieme aspects: work-life balance, attention to mental health with positive impacts on employees’ physical and mental well-being, positive impacts on employees’ motivation and sense of belonging thanks to secure employment and working time, compet- itive remuneration, benefits, training opportunities and career development and work-related injuries. Risks and opportunities arising from impacts and dependencies on people in “own workforce” are re- lated to Ferrari’s entire workforce. This survey is ac- cessible to all employees, with responses collected to ensure the participation of those who might be more vulnerable or marginalized. The results of the online survey, conducted in 2023 and completed by more than 95 percent of our employees, were analyzed to identify potential areas for improvement and shared with employees to gather suggestions and proposals for action. The key findings from each department have been transformed into a specific action plan, led by a Human Resources representative who has operational responsibility for ensuring that this en- gagement happens and that the results inform the Company’s approach. No significant operational or capital expenditures have been allocated for this ac- tivity in 2024 or are planned for the future. We aim to advance a just transition, able to secure workers’ rights and livelihoods when economies are shifting to low-carbon production. Internal data and the results of the survey conducted in 2023 did not show any impact on Ferrari own workforce raised from transition plans for reducing negative impacts on the environment and achieving greener and cli- mate neutral operations. Nevertheless, the Green Sustainability Steering Committee has been tasked with managing the action plan to achieve Carbon Neutrality. All employees of the Group in Italy are subject to collective agreements (Contratto Collettivo Specifico di Lavoro (CCSL), Accordo Premio di Competitività Ferrari and a collective bargaining agreement for our managers, signed by the Italian trade union, Federmanager, on April 28, 2023). These collective agreements enforce a contin- uous dialog with workers’ representatives also with respect to human rights, allowing to highlight Ferrari employees’ perspective. Furthermore, our own workforce can raise their concerns or needs through the Ethics Helpline, avail- able on our corporate website. The Whistleblowing procedure protects the whistleblower against retal- iation. For further information on the adopted chan- nel for raising concerns refers to the “G1—Business Conduct—Whistleblowing” paragraph. For information regarding interests, views and rights of Ferrari’s own workforce refer to para- graph “ESRS 2—General disclosures—Strategy— Interests and views of stakeholders” . HUMAN RIGHTS Ferrari’s aim to respect, protect and promote hu- man rights is laid down in the Human Rights Practice, which is inspired by the guiding principles set forth in the Code of Conduct and defines Ferrari’s main ambitions to a corporate culture dedicated to ethics and integrity. In particular, in line with our impacts, risks and opportunities (please refer to chapter “ESRS 2—General disclosures—Impacts, risks and opportunities management” for further details) the Human Rights Practice states the respect, pro- tection and promotion of Human Rights towards workers in our workplace, operations and activities, across our supply chain, in the interaction with soci-

[PAGE 248]
248 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F ety and local communities, consumers and end-us- ers as well as in any context in which we operate. The practice covers the following impact and risk: “Violation of human rights along the value chain (e.g. right to freedom of association and collective bar- gaining, child labor, forced or compulsory labor also related to conflict minerals) with impacts on human dignity” and “Negative evolution of social/geopolitical tensions or sanitary emergency, arising in specific geographies, conditioning the corresponding mar- ket’s strategies and/or operations”. In particular, the Practice sets out key principles, such as: the prohibition of child labor, compulsory labor and forced labor, human trafficking and serf- dom, the attention to a healthy and safe working environment, the rejection of any form of abuse, harassment and discrimination and the zero toler- ance in respect of corruption in Ferrari workplaces and along the supply chain as well as in society and local communities. The Human Rights impact related to Ferrari operations was deemed not relevant. Regarding consumers and end users, the Human Rights Practice declares that Ferrari’s workforce must take personal responsibility for treating cli- ents, co-workers, vendors and all stakeholders with respect, integrity, ethics and professionalism. In par- ticular, the Human Rights Practice must be consid- ered for the Health and Safety matters. Although our own workforce, value chain work- ers, consumers and end-users, and local communi- ties have not been directly engaged, the addressees of this Practice are not only directors and employ- ees but also those who work for or on behalf of Ferrari, such as suppliers and business partners, consultants and “atypical workers” (e.g. temporary supply contract and staff-leasing workers), as well as Ferrari’s stakeholders. In addition, Ferrari strives to respect the rights of local communities and con- tribute to their realization and development. The Human Rights Practice officially entered into force in 2021 and it applies to the entire Ferrari Group, pursuant to local legislation. It was approved by the Ferrari Leadership Team (FLT), the most senior level accountable for the implementation of the prac- tice, who plays a key role in overseeing its adequacy. The Human Rights Practice is in line with sig- nificant third parties initiatives, including: the International Bill on Human Rights, the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and the UN Global Compact Ten Principles, the International Labour Organization’s (ILO) Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work and Conventions, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Guidelines for Multinational Companies, the OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from Conflict-Affected and High-Risk Areas, and the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union. In addition, to ensure full effectiveness, the Compliance function periodically reviews the Human Rights Practice and monitors its implemen- tation to ensure it remains at maximum efficiency. This includes considering factors such as emerging best practices, changes in the Group’s business ac- tivities or the applicable legal and regulatory frame- work, and any possible violations or criticality that has been identified. These monitoring activities are carried out in compliance with the standards and third-party initiatives mentioned above. The Human Rights Practice has been ade- quately circulated, publicized and disseminated by Ferrari both internally and externally, also through its inclusion in the relevant contractual agreements and arrangements. Please refer to the Ferrari corporate website at the following link https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate/practices. In the event of human rights violations, the Ferrari Group encourages all addressees to report them through dedicated Whistleblowing channels and takes all reasonable actions to remedy human rights impacts. For additional information, please refer to paragraph “G1—Business Conduct—Whistleblowing”. In 2024, relating to our workforce, the Company identified two cases of discrimination and/or harassment leading to disciplinary actions, no cases of severe human rights incidents and no com- plaints about violations of human rights emerged from National Contact Points for OECD Multinational Enterprises. In addition, there were no final judge- ments relating to non-respect of the human rights principle and there were no significant fines and/or non-monetary sanctions. Moreover, in 2023, we adopted a dedicated Diversity and Inclusion Practice to encourage the dif- fusion of a corporate culture based on inclusion and mutual respect in the belief that diversity represents a source of creativity, enrichment and innovation, see “ESRS 2—General disclosures—Governance— Diversity Policy”. In addition, according to the results of the Double materiality assessment, no operations are at signifi- cant risk of incident involving forced labor, compul- sory labor, or child labor.

[PAGE 249]
249 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F The table below provides an overview of the relevant information on human rights policies regarding four of our stakeholder groups, particularly related to human rights issues. REFERENCE TABLE ON HUMAN RIGHTS Stakeholders particularly related to human rights issues Ferrari material topics Key applicable policies Section reference of main KPIs Employees and trade unions • Talent attraction, retention and development • Health, safety and well- being • Diversity and inclusion • Human rights • Human Rights Practice • Ethics Helpline • Code of Conduct • Stakeholder Engagement Practice • Diversity and Inclusion Practice • S1 - Own workforce - Human Rights • S1 - Own workforce - Health and Safety • S1 - Own workforce - Talent attraction, retention and development • S1 - Own workforce - Diversity and Inclusion • G1 - Business Conduct Suppliers • Human rights • Human Rights Practice • Stakeholder Engagement Practice • Ethics Helpline • Third Parties’ Compliance Practice • Anticorruption Compliance Practice • S1 - Own workforce - Human Rights • G1 - Business Conduct Community and university • Responsibility towards the community and future generations • Human rights • Human Rights Practice • Stakeholder Engagement Practice • S3 - Affected communities • S1 - Own workforce - Human Rights Clients • Quality and safety • Human rights • Human Rights Practice • Stakeholder Engagement Practice • Ethics Helpline • S4 - Consumers and End- users • G1 - Business Conduct - Whistleblowing • S1 - Own workforce - Human Rights TALENT ATTRACTION, RETENTION AND DEVELOPMENT The success, prestige and appeal of our brand de- pend on the ability to attract and retain talents. Top drivers, management, engineers, blue collars and all the employees that make Ferrari unique have to be rewarded based on their ability and determination. This is why we offer career progression opportu- nities tailored to one’s strengths, ambitions and our Company’s requirements, underpinned by substan- tial investments in training. Human capital development ensures that our Company has the appropriate skills to execute its busi- ness strategy, while also enhancing employee attrac- tion, retention, and motivation. As a result, it increases productivity and drives innovation. During the regular performance and career development review pro- cess, training requirements are identified to address the needs of both employees and the Company. OUR POLICY Talent attraction, retention, development and train- ing are covered by our Human Rights practice. The practice covers the following IROs: “Positive im- pacts on employees’ motivation and sense of be- longing thanks to secure employment and working time, competitive remuneration, benefits, training opportunities and career development”, “Loss of knowledge and key skills due to high turnover or low development with negative indirect impacts on stakeholders (e.g. customers)”, “High and/or mis- placed usage of external resources (consultants, temporary workers, staff leasing) that can also have critical competence and know-how, and deal with strategic projects”, “Increased responsiveness to market challenges by re-skilling and up-skilling em- ployees (e.g. for full-electric vehicles)” and “Employee satisfaction & retention, including adequate wages, training and development of employees: attracting, retaining and developing the best talent through pol- icies and practices related to employees as an op- portunity for the company”. We uphold the values outlined in our practice, which

[TABLE] Stakeholders particularly
related to human rights issues | Ferrari material topics | Key applicable policies | Section reference of main KPIs

[PAGE 250]
250 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F promote professionalism, motivation, and job satis- faction among all employees by providing opportu- nities for training, mobility, and internal promotion, while also enhancing the employability of each indi- vidual. We view professional and personal develop- ment as a shared responsibility. In this regard, we listen to employee expectations and take action to improve areas where the degree of satisfaction is below our standards of excellence. Please refer to the “S1—Own workforce—Human Rights” chapter for further information. Moreover, we have established several internal procedures, including training, talent scouting and recruiting, performance and talent management, compensation, welfare, and work life balance. Along with the need to hire, develop and retain tal- ents, we recognize that managing human capital as a critical resource is essential to achieving the best possible results. TRAINING AND TALENT DEVELOPMENT Attracting, retaining and developing talent requires a strategic and integrated approach that consid- ers employee needs and market dynamics. We rely on a highly qualified and motivated workforce, which represents a real competitive asset in an ev- er-changing economic environment. OUR ACTIONS Our Training Plan is organized in three main mac- ro-areas and each of them has its own purpose: • to protect and pass on the strategic and specif- ic know-how of Ferrari and to project ourselves into the future of innovation; • to shape and prepare the future managerial class for business, innovation, management and human capital development challenges; • to foster and support the inclusion, growth and development of our people. These programs covered a wide range of topics, including digitalization, globalization, sustainabil- ity and continuous improvement. This result was achieved mostly thanks to the high-quality volun- teering training we continuously provide to our em- ployees, among which the “Agile learning for an Agile Company” project, the Harvard Manage Mentor e-learning platform and the two MBA programs. Below a description of the actions implemented for each macro-area to effectively manage the potential negative impact identified during the Double materiality analysis. For further information please refer to “ESRS 2—Impacts, risks and opportu- nities management”. To protect and pass on the strategic and specific know-how of Ferrari and to project ourselves into the future of innovation. What makes Ferrari’s craftsmanship unique is the direct transfer of knowledge and expertise from senior to junior workers, which in our manufactur- ing process takes place directly on the job as we be- lieve in constantly maintaining excellence through a “learning by doing” approach. In 2024, we further consolidated the educational offer of the previous years, with the three main areas of focus being: product innovation (mainly with regard to electrification, ADAS (Advanced Driver Assistance Systems) and carbon fiber, in a cross-functional training), process innovation (as in the case of welding and Quality Core tools) as well as support and induction of new colleagues. In partic- ular, in 2024 the topic of the addition of full electric vehicles was further enhanced in order to ensure that future models respect Ferrari quality standards. To support teaching activities, the use of aug- mented reality is also being experimented to com- plement classrooms and laboratories. This applica- tion, which makes it possible for attendants to take advantage of this technology through specific tools but also through tablets. Among all the training initiatives in Ferrari, we are very proud of our “Scuola dei Mestieri”, started in 2009. It is a unique, in-house, technical training project for both white collars and blue collars of our development and production facilities in Maranello and Modena, which increases the professionalism of junior talents and motivates senior employees, recognizing their competencies by asking them to become Maestri and to pass on Ferrari’s unique her- itage to the next generation. The initiative combines different didactic methodologies, including on the job sessions and in-classroom training, both focused on the consolidation of competencies and skills, with a particular focus on innovation. Being a Maestro is an aspirational position and key to the Company’s success. In 2024, the program saw 4,500 participa- tions and more than 25 thousand hours of training have been conducted. At the end of the training programs, participant satisfaction is assessed. Additionally, feedback is collected from team leaders to evaluate the skills acquired and, more importantly, the progress observed. Annually, we aim at identifying and incor- porating the training needs and requests for the upcoming year and we monitor both the number of participations and the hours of training to evaluate the progress of the program. Additionally, within “Scuola dei Mestieri” we have implemented an activity called “Scuola delle Professioni”, to provide an overview of the values inherent to the Ferrari DNA. This program aims to offer participants a complete vision of the devel- opment process of a new Ferrari Sports Car, from the creation of the product concept to the series

[PAGE 251]
251 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F production and go to market, all in line with Ferrari’s targets and DNA. The course is based on four macro areas: product development, vehicle technology, testing and manufacturing, and delivery and selling activities. The course comprises more than 40 lec- tures and more than 80 hours, all delivered during working hours, including “technical” visits to all production departments. In 2024, the fourth ses- sion took place, involving new hires from the R&D department in Maranello. Due to the large number of employees involved in this program, the activity was divided into two waves (2024 and 2025) to allow all participants to take part in the training. The effec- tiveness of this program is assessed through a sat- isfaction survey covering the four topics addressed during the course. In the previous edition, more than 200 employees of the Design, Purchasing and Quality departments have been involved. Since 2017 we deliver a training course for blue collars appointed as Conduttori in the Manufacturing, R&D and Quality departments, work- ers without hierarchical responsibilities who play the role of link between the team and the supervi- sor. Conduttori are chosen not only for their tech- nical skills but also for their soft ones. Throughout the years, this program was extended to include all Conduttori. The training course consists of 40 hours and include technical content sessions with inter- nal Maestri and operational problem-solving activi- ties, all aligned with the activities of their respective roles. The training and improvement of their com- petences is essential as they have the task of train- ing new employees. In 2024, we launched a new training program dedicated to specific key roles, “Capo Team”(30) in the Manufacturing, R&D, Product Development and Quality areas, and Technologists in the Manufacturing area. We assess the level of satisfaction through a survey provided to all partic- ipants, covering organizational aspects, the topics discussed, and the instructor’s expertise. The final result is the Net Promoter Score, an indicator of participant satisfaction. Our strategy for future edi- tions is to maintain periodic engagements with the involved categories to ensure the participation of all roles. No significant operational or capital expendi- tures have been allocated to this action in 2024 or are planned for the future. To shape and prepare the future managerial class for business, innovation, management and human capital development challenges. In 2024, we completed the fifth edition of the Ferrari Corporate Executive MBA (EMBA), our master’s pro- gram designed to enhance the management skills of attendees, expose them to the most recent innova- tion trends, and convey the Ferrari leadership model. This master’s degree, which over the past five years has involved more than 180 people, offers a unique tailor-made program to create a significant group within the management class that will be able to grasp the challenges of the future, while at the same time preserving the tradition of Ferrari. The EMBA is designed for 30 managers of the Ferrari Group who, for about 12-15 months, participate in face-to- face and online lectures. The course includes inno- vation talks, leadership workshops and production plant site visits. In 2024, the EMBA was expanded be- yond Italy, allowing managers to study in the U.S. and China and foster personal and professional growth through exposure to international business models and cultures. In addition to the Executive MBA, a new program was launched in 2021 for employees aged 27 to 35 who have been identified as high-potential talents through the performance evaluation system: the Ferrari Global Corporate MBA. This master’s de- gree, offered to Ferrari Group employees, provides participants with managerial skills, while focusing on the three main disruptive trends of our time: tech- nological innovation, digital transformation and sus- tainable transition. The master’s program concludes with an 8-weeks project work or internship in an in- novative company operating in sectors other than the automotive one, at the end of which the main re- sults are discussed through a session in front of the FLT. These master’s degrees have helped develop a group of managers with a shared approach to lead- ership, while respecting and valuing individual differ- ences - a group on which Ferrari can rely on to tack- le future challenges. In addition to the questionnaire completed at the conclusion of these master’s pro- grams and the opportunity for participants to freely share their feedback via email, we also gather feed- back from managers to evaluate whether improve- ments in skills have occurred. The effectiveness of these programs has resulted in a low turnover rate, an increase in the collaboration with the subsidiaries, stronger relationships between colleagues of dif- ferent departments, and an increase in participants motivation and engagement. For 2025, we will carry out a training update as well as problem-solving activities involving the Alumni, employees who have participated in the pre- vious editions of the master’s degrees. To foster and support the inclusion, growth and development of our people. In line with business and Company requirements, and consistent with the needs expressed in the One Ferrari Performance and Feedback process(31), training activities were provided with respect to managerial, technical and language skills. Launched in 2019, we continue to offer all our employees the possibility to access the Harvard Manage Mentor e-learning platform. The training has been customized according to our needs and the following three lines of development: to integrate this platform with the One Ferrari Performance and Feedback process, to give employees, especially newcomers, the basic managerial skills that we consider essential requirements, and to adapt pro- fessional development paths based on employees’ career levels. Soft skills and language courses are

[PAGE 252]
252 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F included in this platform, as well as several training activities on diversity topics that support our Equal Salary certification. The effectiveness of this program is assessed through a satisfaction survey, which investigates whether the participant was able to apply the man- agerial and soft skills learned in the courses. Taking into account the results achieved, we plan to con- tinue to provide access to the Harvard Manage Mentor e-learning platform in the years to come. In 2024, we launched the second edition of the “Agile learning for an Agile Company” project, open to all white collars and agency workers of the Group. In 2023, interviews and focus groups were conducted with the help of an external supplier to understand the main challenges faced during the remote working experience, adopted in 2020. Based on the results, the training was structured around 9 winning practices, which include working and com- municating successfully with others through digital tools, the achievement of a work-life balance, the use of feedback to strengthen relationships, the value of effective meetings, the creation of a strong network, and the ability to learn from study and experience. The training sessions were made more interesting thanks to gamification, the creation of competitions and structured growth paths, and they were inte- grated with several online group meetings to share experiences and put into action what was learned. Moreover, a forum was opened for the exchange of ideas and opinions. The goal of the interviews and focus groups was to engage managers and individ- ual contributors in a journey of skills reflection and learning, to live effectively and in balance with the constantly evolving context and work patterns. The project was also extended to agency workers with approximately 300 participants resulting in more than 6,000 training hours. The new edition also involved employees hired after May 2023, who were not able to participate in the previous edition as the training sessions coincided with this month. After each training pill, a satisfaction survey on the specific topic covered is conducted. Once the course is finished, a final survey is also proposed to collect feedback and suggestions for future editions. The training program enabled a cultural change within the Company and taking into account these results, we plan to continue supporting the “Agile learning for an Agile Company” project in the years to come. In addition, an online training campaign is launched twice a year and includes all the corporate mandatory trainings dedicated to Ferrari Group’s new employees. Among the mandatory courses relating to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Antitrust and Anticorruption, a session is dedicated to our Code of Conduct that also covers human rights. To measure the effectiveness of this training activity, a final test is administered with a passing threshold of 80 percent correct answers. Taking into account the results achieved, we plan to continue offering the online training to new employees in the years to come. No significant operational or capital expendi- tures have been allocated to this action in 2024 or are planned for the future. In 2024, we focused on ensuring continuous progress across all training domains to maintain know-how continuity and strengthen employee skills, aligned with our ambitions for the future. Collaboration, innovation, focus and learning, together with agility at all levels, represent some of the key values we uphold to succeed in a rapidly changing world. Through employee training pro- grams, we aim to advance a just transition that is able to secure workers’ rights and livelihoods as economies shift to low-carbon production. This includes the development of specific training initia- tives focused on the addition of the electric engine. All these training activities were delivered both in presence and online. In 2023, to sustain the imple- mentation of the new behavioral framework, we had a peak in training hours. In 2024, training hours were in line with previous years levels. OUR TARGETS We do not have specific measurable targets for employee training, but we aim to provide a range of training activities as described above in order to promote a competent and up-to-date workforce.

[PAGE 253]
253 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F OUR METRICS AVERAGE HOURS OF TRAINING BY GENDER AND EMPLOYEE CATEGORY Gender 2024 2023 Male 15.7 26.6 Female 20.6 29.6 Other — — Not disclosed — — Total 16.4 27.1 Employee category 2024 2023 Managers and Senior Managers 20.8 42.1 Middle Managers 23.4 43.7 White collars 22.8 42.2 Blue collars 8.9 8.3 Total 16.4 27.1 The total hours of training are obtained from the Company’s database, which tracks participation and outcomes for each course session in terms of hours completed and number of attendees. In the total amount, individuals who withdrew, non-em- ployees, those who failed the final test, or those who did not complete the entire course are excluded. Subsequently, the total amount of training hours is divided by the number of employees per employ- ment category and gender. TALENT RECRUITMENT AND EMPLOYEE RETENTION OUR ACTIONS The excellence that our products and our brand embody is what attracts and retains the best talents worldwide. At Ferrari, recruitment and selection is about iden- tifying and sourcing the right qualities and skills that will represent the core of our future success. Our recruit- ment process provides a platform to engage with future employees, to assess competencies through a structured selection process and to prepare for post-recruitment integration and development. The mission of the recruitment team is to iden- tify, evaluate and bring onboard the individuals aligned with our requirements and values. During 2024, we received approximately 52 thousand applications, both specific and spontaneous, from blue collars, skilled workers as well as university educated applicants. We also undertake partnership programs with leading universities worldwide to engage with stu- dents, professors, career offices and a network of professionals to identify talents for the future(32). In 2024, we organized 77 events (mainly in presence at university campuses or in Ferrari offices), attended by more than 6 thousand students. We offer Company insight presentations, tes- timonials by Ferrari employees, selected case studies at university campuses and, for partner universities such as the Motorvehicle University of Emilia-Romagna (MUNER), we also offer the exclusive opportunity to visit Ferrari facilities. These activities allow us to share the key values of the Company, and to engage directly or indirectly - through communi- cations with professors, participants, and on social media - while strengthening our recruitment pipeline. “Scuderia F1 Ferrari Engineering Academy”, active since 2015, is dedicated to the recruitment of talented engineers worldwide to join our F1 team. In 2024, we completed the tenth edition of this talent program, allowing a selection of race engineering talents of partner universities to work in Scuderia Ferrari. Each year, 6 to 8 participants are selected through a rigorous process involving university partnerships, selection assessments, and inter- views. The program begins with a two-day induc- tion, followed by a structured workweek in which participants spend 80 percent of their time with line managers and 20 percent on innovation projects. Over six months, they work on 10 to 15 projects with the guidance of two dedicated mentors. Participants gain transversal knowledge through interac- tions with various departments, including Engine, Aerodynamics, Track, Tires, and Testimonials. Developed in collaboration with Italian and inter- national motorsport universities, the Academy aims

[TABLE] 15.7
[TABLE] 20.6
[TABLE] —
[TABLE] —
[TABLE] 16.4
[TABLE] 20.8
[TABLE] 23.4
[TABLE] 22.8
[TABLE] 8.9
[TABLE] 16.4

[PAGE 254]
254 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F to identify and train top talent for the automotive and motorsport sectors. At the end of the Academy, annual performance evaluations are conducted for both staff and participants, with additional mid-term and a final evaluations to monitor participants’ prog- ress and potential for hiring within the organization. Since 2015, a total of 67 participants have taken part in the Academy with a retention rate of around 60 percent over the 9 years. Taking into account the results achieved, we plan to continue offering this program in the years to come. No significant oper- ational or capital expenditures have been allocated to this action in 2024 or are planned for the future. To ease employees into their new jobs, for more than 10 years, we have been providing a two-day induction program twice a month. This program is dedicated to new hires of the Italian plants. The first day is dedicated to introducing the Company culture and mission, as well as guiding new employees through the corporate offices (compliance, cybersecurity and administration), ending with the factory tour of the Maranello plant. The following day is focused on health and safety mandatory training. Through this activity new hires feel involved and engaged in the Company. The program aims to introduce them to the Company’s environment and provide the foun- dational information to begin their professional jour- ney. The positive feedback collected over the years indicates high levels of satisfaction, demonstrating progress in the effectiveness of the actions disclosed in prior periods. No significant operational or capital expenditures have been allocated to these actions in 2024 or are planned for the future. Ferrari engagement programs have always been initiatives that express our spirit of innovation, allowing our employees to fully develop the value of collaboration. “Ferrari League” is the engagement program dedicated to Scuderia Ferrari and Sports Cars teams. Ferrari League offers the Ferrari facil- ities’ teams the opportunity to propose their own ideas to optimize internal processes, increase pro- ductivity, reduce costs, and improve the satisfac- tion of internal and external stakeholders. In 2024, we received over 20 thousand suggestions from employees with a focus on Carbon Neutrality, quality management, logistics and process efficiency. The project has been ongoing since 2012, with activities evolving almost every year in response to continuous feedback. This activity is planned to con- tinue in the years to come. At the end of this engage- ment activity, dedicated meetings are organized with each Area/Department, involving the respec- tive Area and Team Leaders. These discussions enable the identification of strengths and areas of improvement, to make the next year’s activities even more effective. In particular, for each activity, we analyze the evaluation and delivery mode and the project feasibility. No significant operational or capi- tal expenditures have been allocated to this action in 2024 or are planned for the future. We reward all Ferrari employees in Italy, exclud- ing Mangers and Senior Managers, through a produc- tivity bonus called “Premio di Competitività”, based on yearly shipments and Adjusted EBITDA results, as well as a product quality index adjusted for individual absenteeism rates. In 2024, each employee received up to € 14.4 thousand (please refer to the paragraph Consolidated Financial Statement) as provided for in a specific agreement signed with the trade unions. Ferrari has signed the renewal of the agreement for its Competitiveness Award (Premio di Competitività), expired in December 2023. The new agreement will be valid for the four-year period 2024-2027, strengthened by the integration of an environmental factor into the award calculation. The effectiveness of these actions is assessed through the continuous decrease of the absenteeism rate, which is directly linked to the Award, and the higher retention rate monitored throughout the years. As stipulated in the Competitiveness Award agreement, we plan to con- tinue offering the “Premio di Competitività” in the years to come. The expected outcomes of the pro- gram include the enhanced attention to employee well-being and the cultivation of a culture that prior- itizes employee satisfaction. In 2023, to evolve and adapt to the current historical context, a new behavioral model, “One Ferrari”, was developed and shared with all Ferrari people. One Ferrari is based on our Values, and introduces 6 Guiding Principles (Collaboration, Continuous Learning, Confident Humility, Focus, Fearless Organization, and Will to Progress), declined into concrete and measurable behav- iors, which aim to lead our daily actions. This new model has become part of the annual perfor- mance appraisal phase, which has brought with it a renewal in both the tools and the dynamics of the performance management process, now called “One Ferrari Performance and Feedback”. Every employee, excluding blue collars, is able to continuously monitor performance, give and receive feedback, work towards a final evaluation which is aimed at merging all the data into a defi- nite and precise picture of the year spent, and ignite actionable future developments. All the people involved have access to a training on our performance management pro- cess through online training video courses that are always available to all employees globally. Moreover, we organize assessment classes with external psychologists and HR experts with the aim of evaluating employee potential. Blue collars, who are not involved in the performance management process, have access to an assessment, based on development centers, aimed at developing their career path. Starting in 2024, a pilot project was launched to evaluate blue collars based on assess- ments from their managers. In addition, we continue the leadership develop- ment project for our Managers and Senior Managers, an individual assessment of leadership behaviors aimed at continuous improvement and professional development, which also includes a 360-degree feedback. The results of these assessments are a

[PAGE 255]
255 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F fundamental asset for succession plans in key posi- tions, identifying career development opportunities and defining consistent retention actions. Through our career development program, we en- courage the professional growth of our employees and prioritize filling key positions with talented in- ternal candidates before tapping into the external market. The results of the analysis carried out on our key positions held by our employees are used to develop specific succession plans, with a 2 to 4 year timeframe. These plans aim to ensure Ferrari’s long- term competitiveness while leveraging the talents of our employees. Moreover, in 2023, we created the Internal Job Posting within our employee corporate portal, allowing employees to apply for new posi- tions within the Company. The aim is to help talent emerge and to contribute to the creation of a culture of agility and innovation. In 2024, for the fifth year in a row, our effort to guarantee employee attraction and retention was also recognized by the Top Employers Institute who positively evaluated the Company’s programs in terms of talent attraction, training, career develop- ment, inclusion and respect for diversity, welfare, social commitment and innovation. OUR TARGETS AND METRICS We do not have specific measurable targets for tal- ent recruitment and employee retention, but we aim to recruit employees who are eager to learn and improve their performance through the actions de- scribed above. In 2024, 50.6% of employees received regular performance and career development reviews. This percentage is attributable to White collars, Middle Managers and Managers and Senior Managers. For this reason, the percentage related to women (71.0%) is significantly higher than that of men (46.7%) given that the blue collars category is predominantly male. EMPLOYEES RECEIVING REGULAR PERFORMANCE AND CAREER DEVELOPMENT REVIEWS 2024 % Male % Female % Other % Not Disclosed % Total Managers and Senior Managers 98.7% 100.0% —% —% 98.8% Middle Managers 96.4% 97.7% —% —% 96.6% White collars 92.5% 90.6% —% —% 92.0% Blue collars —% —% —% —% —% Total 46.7% 71.0% —% —% 50.6% In 2024, each employee who was evaluated received one performance review, as agreed by management. The metrics were obtained from an internal tool used for performance and career evaluation. Within the tool, only employees as of December 31, 2024 who received an evaluation during the year were consid- ered. The employees were then classified into the four categories mentioned above based on their job title. DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION OUR POLICY As outlined in the Code of Conduct (“Code”), Ferrari “want(s) an environment in which values are fos- tered and ethical conduct encouraged, in order to create a setting in which teamwork is prioritised, the dignity of each individual is respected, and there is no room for discrimination”. In order to reaffirm and renew our aim of spreading a corporate culture based on inclusion and mutual respect, we have ad- opted the Diversity and Inclusion Practice and the Policy for gender equality and diversity & inclusion. These policies cover the following impacts and op- portunities: “Impacts on Ferrari’s employees satis- faction and engagement by promoting awareness and culture about diversity and inclusion”, “Incidents of discrimination (including gender discrimination in remuneration) and/or abuse along the value chain” and “Diversity of governing body/executive team - The capabilities and perspectives of board/exec- utive team members are important for making ro- bust decisions on an ongoing basis”. The Diversity and Inclusion Practice of Ferrari N.V. was adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company on September 14, 2023, and is applicable to the Ferrari Group (i.e., Ferrari N.V., Ferrari S.p.A. and their branches, subsidiaries and controlled joint-ven- ture), according to local legislation. The Practice was drafted taking into account the interests of employ- ees and, in fact, representatives of the Human Resources Department, as well as those of the Group Compliance, Investor Relations & Sustainability and Legal Departments, participated in its drafting. Through this Practice the Ferrari Group promotes the valorization of human resources and encour- ages the diffusion of a corporate culture based on inclusion and mutual respect in the belief that Diversity represents a source of creativity, enrich- ment and innovation. Specific diversity aspects have

[TABLE] 98.7% | 100.0% | —% | —% | 98.8%
[TABLE] 96.4% | 97.7% | —% | —% | 96.6%
[TABLE] 92.5% | 90.6% | —% | —% | 92.0%
[TABLE] —% | —% | —% | —% | —%
[TABLE] 46.7% | 71.0% | —% | —% | 50.6%

[PAGE 256]
256 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F been identified as relevant for the Group: racial and ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, religion, national extraction or social origin. For that reason, in carrying out its activities, the Group adopts an approach aimed at guarantee- ing equal opportunities at all levels of the organiza- tion as well as rejecting any form of discrimination. In addition, and according to impacts, risks and oppor- tunities, the Practice principles apply to specific areas of interest: people attraction & acquisition - including recruiting- , people empowerment - includ- ing training and performance and talent manage- ment - , people rewarding -including salary review and promotion. The Ferrari Leadership Team (FLT) is accountable for the implementation of the Practice. Ferrari is able to monitor diversity and inclusion mat- ters through the continuous maintenance of the cer- tifications related to Diversity and Equal Opportunity (Equal Salary Certification and UNI/PdR 125). In drafting this Practice and defining its ambi- tions, both the Dutch Corporate Governance Code (which was published on December 8, 2016, and subsequently updated) and, more generally, the laws and regulations of the countries in which Ferrari operates were taken into consideration. In addition, the following internal documents and international principles/guidelines were considered. In detail: Internal documents in force at the time of the approval of this Practice: • Code of Conduct; • Human Rights Practice; • Diversity Policy of the Board of Directors; • Remuneration Policy of the Board of Directors; • Human Capital Management Procedure; • Annual Report. Principles/guidelines issued by relevant internation- al organizations: • Guidelines on Diversity & Inclusion in the work- place (UN Global Compact); • Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (United Nations); • Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work and Conventions (International Labour Organization); • UN Agenda 2030 for Sustainable Development. • EU Directive 2023/970 (Pay transparency); • EU Directive 2022/2381 (Gender balance among Directors); • UNI ISO 30415/2021 (Human resource manage- ment - Diversity and inclusion); • UNI/PdR 125:2022 (Gender equality manage- ment system); • Other Italian Legislative Decrees; Several procedures are in place to prevent discrim- ination, for instance, during the hiring process, ca- reer development, and training activities. In line with our Diversity and Inclusion Practice and to guarantee equal opportunities, our Company operates a merit-based remuneration procedure, not discriminating based on gender, age, nationality, social status or cultural background. Furthermore, Ferrari adopted a Remuneration Policy determin- ing the compensation for the executive and non-ex- ecutive Directors (please refer to the chapter “Remuneration of Directors”). The Policy for Gender equality and Diversity and Inclusion, which applies to the entire Ferrari Group, was drafted taking into account the inter- ests of employees, irrespective of specific vulnera- ble groups and the Diversity and Inclusion Practice during 2024. The policy defines gender equality as a key element in enhancing diversity and promoting inclusion. Ferrari believes that an inclusive work envi- ronment, open to diversity, is essential for attracting and retaining top talent, fostering innovation, and ensuring the sustainable success of the Company. We monitor progress toward gender equality, inclu- sion and women’s empowerment by collecting data and feedback to assess the effectiveness of our ini- tiatives, ensuring ongoing improvement. The results obtained and future goals are communicated peri- odically, transparently, and responsibly. The Chief Human Resources Officer is the most senior level in Ferrari that is accountable for the implementation of these policies. The Diversity and Inclusion Practice and the Policy for Gender Equality and Diversity and Inclusion are public on Ferrari’s corporate website and acces- sible to all employees on the Ferrari intranet. OUR TARGETS In 2022, we defined as a strategic goal to maintain a healthy growth rate of women in managerial posi- tions, considering the percentage of women in the total employee population. In 2017, we defined as an appropriate target to have at least 18 percent wom- en in managerial positions by 2027 in Ferrari Group, in line with the Dutch Act on balanced gender di- versity at the top of large companies of September 2021, and with our Practice. During the process of target setting the interests of our employees were taken into consideration, however, we did not en- gage our own workforce or workers’ representa- tives. The Compensation Committee and the ESG Committee monitor the progress towards our tar- gets on an annual basis through specific KPIs includ- ed in this Report and if deemed necessary request a target revision. The continuous monitoring of our target shows that women in managerial positions(64) at December 31, 2017 were 11.8 percent (while women repre- sented 12.2 percent of the total employee popula- tion) and at December 31, 2024 were 16.0 percent (while women represented 16.1 percent of the total employee population). Our plan to achieve the target is to continue the implementation of initiatives and actions, such as fostering the value of diversity in the panel of hiring candidates, monitoring the percentage of men and

[PAGE 257]
257 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F women involved in career plans and salary reviews, and defining clear diversity objectives for all lev- els in the organization. For Ferrari it is important to guarantee equal opportunities at all levels, for this reason, consistency between the global percentage and the managerial percentage is a key indicator in our diversity strategy. For Board of Directors Diversity Targets refers to the “ESRS 2—General disclosures—Governance— Board of Directors diversity targets” paragraph. OUR ACTIONS We have put in place many actions to reach the objectives outlined in the Diversity and Inclusion Practice. In 2023, we have received the renewal of the Equal-Salary Certificate for providing equal pay to men and women with the same qualifications and positions in the Company. This accreditation, confirmed in 2024, attested the Company’s ambi- tion to create an inclusive and diverse working en- vironment while fostering career development for everybody. The Equal Salary certification covers all the Ferrari Group and is valid for 3 years. During this period, two monitoring reviews are carried out to verify that the ambition to a fair and non-discrimina- tory wage policy is constant. The certification pro- cess involves both quantitative and qualitative eval- uations. The quantitative evaluation, which must be surpassed to proceed to the qualitative evaluation, consists of a detailed statistical analysis of compen- sation levels to verify that the gender pay gap is low- er than 5 percent compared to a predictive statisti- cal salary and that the accuracy of the data used is greater than 90%. The qualitative evaluation assess- es: (i) the CEO and Top Management’s ambition to Diversity and Inclusion matters, (ii) how Corporate processes and policies are fair in terms of gender, (iii) employees’ perception of the inclusiveness of the culture and (iv) the PDCA (Plan, Do, Check, Act) meth- odology application in all of the aforementioned pro- cesses. We see this certification not as an end point but as a further stage of growth of the Company and an opportunity to continue to implement tangible ac- tions to ensure that everyone can pursue its own professional growth. In 2020, Ferrari was the first Italian Company to receive this specific certification. No significant operational or capital expenditures have been allocated to these actions in 2024 or are planned for the future. In December 2024, Ferrari facilities located in Italy, received the UNI/PdR 125:2022 Certification, which testifies our compliance with the guidelines on the management system for gender equality and with the set of performance indicators (KPIs) inher- ent to gender equality policies on organizations, in six strategic areas such as culture and strategy; governance; human resources (HR) management processes; opportunities for growth and inclusion of women in business; gender pay equity and paren- tal protection and work-life balance. The certifica- tion is valid for three years and is subject to annual auditing. Gender Equality Certification is a tool with the objective of promoting the adoption of appropri- ate policies to reduce the gender gap through fair career opportunities, equal pay, gender manage- ment policies and support for parenthood. We are convinced of the need to continue promoting and implementing an equal opportunities certification in the years to come. This certification not only demon- strates our ambition to equality and inclusion, but also allows us to continuously monitor and improve our business practices. No significant operational or capital expenditures have been allocated to this action in 2024 or are planned for the future. To continuously improve our Diversity and Inclusion approach and achieve our policy objec- tives, we have defined some initiatives to support our employees in their work-life balance. Since 2023, we collaborate with a specialized education technol- ogy company for our digital self-coaching project dedicated to new parents. The aim is to recognize the value of the parental experience and enable Ferrari Group employees to apply the acquired parenting talents and expertise into their jobs. Enrollment in the program is open to new parents (children aged 0-3) and expectant mothers. To assess the effectiveness of this activity, at the end of the course, participants were asked to fill in a survey. The purpose of this sur- vey was to understand the degree of appreciation of the project. In 2024, 30 percent of participants were mothers, 96 percent of participants stated they enjoyed the course, 70 percent stated they felt more strength in facing parenting challenges, 60 percent felt a better work-life balance, and 90 percent recog- nized enhanced cross-cutting skills. Given the high level of appreciation for the project, we will continue this collaboration in the coming years. No significant operational or capital expenditures have been allo- cated to this action in 2024 or are planned for the future. This initiative complements other parental support projects included in the Company Welfare program, as detailed in the “S1—Own Workforce— Welfare and Working Environment” paragraph.

[PAGE 258]
258 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F OUR METRICS In relation to the subjects of the Diversity and Inclusion Practice and the other related policies, below the description of some figures. EMPLOYEES BY GENDER AND EMPLOYEE CATEGORY 2024 Male Male % Female Female % Other Other % Not Disclosed Not Disclosed % Total Managers and Senior Managers 149 87.6% 21 12.4% — —% — —% 170 Middle Managers 661 83.2% 133 16.8% — —% — —% 794 White collars 1,456 73.7% 519 26.3% — —% — —% 1,975 Blue collars 2,294 91.9% 202 8.1% — —% — —% 2,496 Total 4,560 83.9% 875 16.1% — —% — —% 5,435 2023 Male Male % Female Female % Other Other % Not Disclosed Not Disclosed % Total Managers and Senior Managers 139 86.3% 22 13.7% — —% — —% 161 Middle Managers 618 83.4% 123 16.6% — —% — —% 741 White collars 1,369 74.9% 458 25.1% — —% — —% 1,827 Blue collars 2,077 91.9% 182 8.1% — —% — —% 2,259 Total 4,203 84.3% 785 15.7% — —% — —% 4,988 The data was extracted from the HR internal database and then classified into the four categories mentioned above, considering employees in service as of December 31, 2024. EMPLOYEES BY AGE GROUP AND EMPLOYEE CATEGORY 31 December 2024 <30 30-50 >50 Total Managers and Senior Managers — 81 89 170 Middle Managers 4 536 254 794 White collars 311 1,403 261 1,975 Blue collars 394 1,558 544 2,496 Total 709 3,578 1,148 5,435 31 December 2023 <30 30-50 >50 Total Managers and Senior Managers — 79 82 161 Middle Managers 4 519 218 741 White collars 270 1,321 236 1,827 Blue collars 285 1,492 482 2,259 Total 559 3,411 1,018 4,988

[TABLE] 149 | 87.6% | 21 | 12.4% | — | —% | — | —% | 170
[TABLE] 661 | 83.2% | 133 | 16.8% | — | —% | — | —% | 794
[TABLE] 1,456 | 73.7% | 519 | 26.3% | — | —% | — | —% | 1,975
[TABLE] 2,294 | 91.9% | 202 | 8.1% | — | —% | — | —% | 2,496
[TABLE] 4,560 | 83.9% | 875 | 16.1% | — | —% | — | —% | 5,435
[TABLE] — | 81 | 89 | 170
[TABLE] 4 | 536 | 254 | 794
[TABLE] 311 | 1,403 | 261 | 1,975
[TABLE] 394 | 1,558 | 544 | 2,496
[TABLE] 709 | 3,578 | 1,148 | 5,435

[PAGE 259]
259 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F The number of employees was extracted from the HR internal database, subsequently each employee’s age was calculated based on the difference between December 31, 2024 and their date of birth. ADEQUATE WAGES 2024 Employees with adequate wage 100% Employees in Italy and of foreign subsidiaries receive wages that exceed the minimum wage provided by the ESRS guidelines (S1-10 AR 73). In particular, all employees of the Group in Italy are covered by collective agreements (Contratto Collettivo Specifico di Lavoro (CCSL) and a collective bargaining agreement for our managers, signed by the Italian trade union, Federmanager, on April 28, 2023). GENDER PAY GAP 2024 Gross hourly pay Male Female Gender Pay Gap Managers and Senior Managers €95.8 €93.4 2.5% Middle Managers €40.6 €42.8 (5.3%) White collars €25.2 €24.5 2.7% Blue collars €14.6 €13.6 6.9% Total €24.4 €26.4 (8.2%) As indicated in the table above, we are in compliance with both the Equal Salary and UNI/PdR 125 certifications, as we maintain a variation of less than 10%. The methodology considers both the gross hourly pay level and the gender pay gap outlined in the ESRS Directive’s guideline, ESRS S1-16, AR 98. Additionally, the total number of working days, excluding national holidays and weekends, and contractual working hours, were calculated for each country. ANNUAL TOTAL COMPENSATION RATIO 2024 Annual total compensation for the organization’s highest paid-individual(1) €7,983,034 Median annual total compensation for all of the organization’s employees excluding the highest-paid individual €54,126 Annual total compensation ratio(2) 147.5 (1) The Total Annual Remuneration of the CEO includes €3,123,629, recognized as share-based compensation expense during the years ended December 31, 2024, for equity awards granted under the Group’s Equity Incentive Plan 2023-2025 and the Equity Incentive Plan 2022-2024 that will vest in 2026 and 2025, respectively, subject to certain performance and service conditions. See also “—Directors’ compensation” and “—Share-based compensation of executive Directors”. (2) The annual total compensation includes base salary, short- term incentives, competitiveness bonuses, long-term incentives, one-time bonuses or other bonuses paid during the year, cash allowances and benefits in kind, such as cars, housing, private health insurance, wellness programs and annual retention bonuses provided to the organization’s highest-paid individual and to all employees over the course of a year. For the purpose of calculating the annual total compensation, full-time equivalent (FTE) pay rates are used for each part-time employee and total target amounts of bonuses and incentives were considered. In line with the ESRS standards, in 2024, the ratio of the annual total compensation for the highest-paid individual to the median annual total compensation for all employees, excluding the highest-paid individual, was 147.5. In 2024 the highest-paid individual was the CEO.

[TABLE] €95.8 | €93.4 | 2.5%
[TABLE] €40.6 | €42.8 | (5.3%)
[TABLE] €25.2 | €24.5 | 2.7%
[TABLE] €14.6 | €13.6 | 6.9%
[TABLE] €24.4 | €26.4 | (8.2%)
[TABLE] €7,983,034
[TABLE] €54,126
[TABLE] 147.5

[PAGE 260]
260 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F For further details on the internal pay ratios calcu- lated in line with the Dutch Corporate Governance Code, please refer to the “Remuneration of Directors— Remuneration of the Members of the Board of Directors and the Executive Council—1. Remuneration Strategy for the 2023 Financial Year—Lock up period— Internal pay ratios” chapter. HEALTH, SAFETY AND WELL-BEING HEALTH AND SAFETY OUR POLICY We are dedicated to safeguarding the health and safe- ty of the entire Ferrari workforce by preparing and adopting every necessary and appropriate measure to uphold our workplaces to the highest standards of health, safety and hygiene. We promote the dissemination and reinforcement of a health and safety culture within our organization, in particular by raising awareness on health and safety-re- lated risks and fostering responsible behaviors of all our employees, also through awareness-raising campaigns and training activities. The practice covers the following impacts: “Work-life balance, attention to mental health with positive impacts on employees’ physical and mental well-being” and “Work-related injuries (employees, work- ers whose work or workplace is controlled by Ferrari)”. We regularly evaluate the impacts of our operations and investments to minimize any potential risk on our employees and communities. We do so by implement- ing all the necessary control measures and remediating identified risks of accidents, injuries, and health and envi- ronmental impacts. For further information please refer to our “S1—Own workforce—Human Rights” paragraph. Moreover, as part of the management system ISO 45001:2018, Ferrari has formalized two Health & Safety policies(34) covering Ferrari S.p.A. and Mugello Circuit S.p.A., respectively. Both policies aim to achieve the best possible occupational health and safety conditions, includ- ing accident prevention, for its employees and collabora- tors, as well as for suppliers and contractors in general. Through these policies, defined without stake- holder involvement, Ferrari embraces and renews its ambition to respect, protect and promote health and safety, in accordance with legislative obligations, as well as any other regulations or agreements voluntarily entered into by the Company and in line with its impacts, risks and opportunities. For information regarding the interaction between material impacts, risks and oppor- tunities and strategy and business model, refer to para- graph “ESRS 2—General disclosures—Strategy”. The most senior level in Ferrari that is account- able for the implementation of these polices is the Chief Executive Officer (CEO). Both policies are avail- able on the Ferrari intranet. OUR TARGETS Our main objective is to promote and disseminate a culture of health and safety across the entire Ferrari Group, consistent with our policies described above. We have internal targets on the reduction of the inju- ry rate, the hours of training and the number of audits conducted. We monitor the health and safety KPIs with the ambition to reach the “zero-injury goal”. Since 2021, targets have been measured annually with a defined baseline and have been monthly monitoring for devia- tions. Management reviews and sets these targets on an annual basis, focusing on continuous improvement. While our targets are generally lower than industry av- erages, international standards set significantly higher benchmarks. Employees have not been involved in the target-setting process, however, targets are regularly monitored and shared via the Ferrari intranet. OUR ACTIONS Below a description of the actions implemented that contribute to the achievement of our targets. We place a strong emphasis on the safety of our people and are dedicated to the prevention of work- place accidents. Our hazard identification, risk assessment and inci- dent investigation processes are developed in accor- dance with the highest international and national volun- tary standards and normative requirements on health and safety. In addition to formal meetings being held with employee representatives, periodic meetings are also held with management to review safety issues and share best practices. The risk assessment output is a detailed risk list and the related preventive measures. In addition, the assessment revealed the workers most at-risk for each risk, including both employees and non-employees, across Mugello Circuit S.p.A. and Ferrari S.p.A. sites. These include areas such as the foundry, heat treatment facilities, engine test rooms, racetrack, car refueling stations, gasoline circuit inter- vention workshops, warehouses, engine/component test cells, assembly lines, and car storage facilities. Periodic internal health and safety audits are per- formed to ensure compliance with our health and safety management system, applicable laws and best practices of Ferrari S.p.A. and Mugello Circuit S.p.A.. Specifically, 100 percent of employees and non-em- ployees of both Ferrari S.p.A. and Mugello Circuit S.p.A. are fully covered by the health and safety management system in accordance with legal requirements. Our health and safety management systems are certified ISO 45001:2018, a voluntary international standard, which specifies the requirements of an occupational health and safety management system with reference to the activities performed within the premises of the organization by its employees or external workers. We continue to make significant investments in safety at work, improvements in the existing structures and spe- cific training have allowed us to achieve significant re- sults. Mandatory health and safety training is provided to all new hires during the second day of the induction pro-

[PAGE 261]
261 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F gram, while periodic sessions are developed for all em- ployees. We provide employees who test our cars with specific on-track driving training to make sure they have all the skills required to perform emergency maneuvers, if necessary. In addition, a specific health and safety sec- tion is part of the training program of the “Department Team Leaders”. Moreover, periodic meetings with the Representatives of Safety Workers (RLS) are scheduled quarterly and not just annually, as required by the CCSL (“Contratto Collettivo Specifico di Lavoro”) to address any potential health and safety threat that could arise. Mandatory trainings are completed by 100 percent of the addressees and cover Ferrari S.p.A. and Mugello Circuit S.p.A.. Health and safety mandatory training has been in place since the obligation exists. These activities are conducted annually and, according to local regula- tions and internal practices, will continue in the coming years. At present, the primary method for assessing the effectiveness of the training content is the test admin- istered at the end of the course. No significant opera- tional or capital expenditures have been allocated to this action in 2024 or are planned for the future. We remain dedicated to advancing the program aimed at highlighting the “near misses”: events that could have caused injuries but did not. Active since 2021 in Ferrari’s production facilities, the program operates on a “bottom-up” logic, enabling everyone, including those who carry out simple operational roles, to sub- mit reports. The “Near Miss program” aims to map haz- ards or weaknesses in Ferrari’s risk management and correct them to prevent future incidents. This activity is set to continue in the coming years. Currently, sim- ilarly to the other health and safety actions, effective- ness of measures results from the low frequency and magnitude of incidents. No significant operational or capital expenditures have been allocated to this action in 2024 or are planned for the future. OUR METRICS The table below shows the number of injuries, the working hours and the injury rate divided between employees and non-employees monitored in the reporting period. In 2024, the injury rate was 0.98 with 9 occurrences and no fatalities occurring. Each work-related injury is analyzed to determine the cause, and appropriate measures to avoid reoccurrences are then implemented. We continue to monitor injuries while strengthening prevention efforts and conducting in-depth analysis to prevent recurrence. The metrics reported below are not validated by an external body. The following data is in headcount. NUMBER OF INJURIES AND INJURY RATE EMPLOYEES INJURIES 2024 Total number of recorded working injuries 9 Of which working injuries with absence from 1 to 3 days 4 Of which working injuries with absence of over 3 days 5 Of which serious working injuries (not considering deaths) — Of which number of fatalities as result of work-related injuries — Working hours 9,146,021 Number of days lost to work-related injuries and fatalities from work-related accidents 191 Recorded working injury rate 0.98 WORK-RELATED ILL HEALTH 2024 Number of cases of recordable work-related ill health of employees 1 Of which number of fatalities in own workforce as result of work-related ill health — Working hours 9,146,021 Number of days lost to work-related ill health and fatalities from ill health related to employees 193

[TABLE] 9
[TABLE] 4
[TABLE] 5
[TABLE] —
[TABLE] —
[TABLE] 9,146,021
[TABLE] 191
[TABLE] 0.98
[TABLE] 1
[TABLE] —
[TABLE] 9,146,021
[TABLE] 193

[PAGE 262]
262 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F NON EMPLOYEES INJURIES 2024 Total number of recorded working injuries 1 Of which working injuries with absence from 1 to 3 days — Of which working injuries with absence of over 3 days 1 Of which serious working injuries (not considering deaths) — Of which number of fatalities as result of work-related injuries — Working hours 1,692,308 Number of days lost to work-related injuries and fatalities from work-related accidents 9 Recorded working injury rate 0.59 WORK-RELATED ILL HEALTH 2024 Number of cases of recordable work-related ill health of employees — Of which number of fatalities in own workforce as result of work-related ill health — Working hours 1,692,308 Number of days lost to work-related ill health and fatalities from ill health related to employees — Health and safety contents are also covered by the CCSL (Contratto Collettivo Specifico di Lavoro), signed on March 8, 2023, and also by the Accordo Premio di Competitività Ferrari, signed on September 25, 2019, and renewed on November 13, 2023, valid for the four year period 2024- 2027, providing a specific Health and Safety Commission involving, on a monthly basis, both the Company and the workers’ representatives for health and safety. CCSL and Accordo Premio di Competitività Ferrari cover 93.4 percent of Ferrari S.p.A. and Mugello Circuit S.p.A. employees. OTHER WORKERS WORKING ON FERRARI SITES FATALITIES 2024 Number of fatalities as result of work-related injuries — Number of fatalities in own workforce as result of work-related ill health(1) — (1) The definition of ill-heath includes the diseases of “ILO List of Occupational Diseases”. During 2024, no practice of Ferrari has caused or contributed to significant adverse health and safety impacts on its workforce. The metrics are monitored through our internal portal, including the number of injuries, days of absence, and work-related illnesses for both employees and non-employees. For other workers operating on Ferrari sites, metrics are received only via email, as suppliers report incidents directly. Worked hours are provided by the Human Resources function through their portal. All data is consistent with the S1-14 AR 83 to AR 95.

[TABLE] 1
[TABLE] —
[TABLE] 1
[TABLE] —
[TABLE] —
[TABLE] 1,692,308
[TABLE] 9
[TABLE] 0.59
[TABLE] —
[TABLE] —
[TABLE] 1,692,308
[TABLE] —
[TABLE] —
[TABLE] —

[PAGE 263]
263 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F WELFARE AND WORKING ENVIRONMENT OUR ACTIONS We know that the highest individual and team per- formance is only achieved if employees feel they are in an empowering environment. We also believe that the quality of our products cannot be separated from the lives of the people working at Ferrari. One of our many strengths is the ability to attract, retain and develop talents. Since 1997, we have launched our unique set of initiatives, with the intention of developing a high-quality working life for Ferrari employees, both professionally and personally. Over the years, the project has become a pillar of our cul- ture, based on redesigning the working environment, enforcing a safety-first culture, enabling individual development, enhancing teamwork and building a community now comprising 60 different nationalities. Our complex in Maranello, a state-of-the-art work environment, was designed to reinforce the syner- gistic relationship between work and results. With the needs of our employees firmly in mind, our man- ufacturing facilities are specifically created to com- bine carefully designed lighting systems - projected to maximize the amount of natural light - and several external and internal green areas. Thermal comfort throughout the factory is also a crucial requirement and, since 2013, the in-plant foundry is equipped with a cooling system that makes it air-conditioned and climate controlled. Special measures aimed at reducing the environmental impact and noise using advanced technologies are also in place. As an example, the design of our manufacturing facilities is aimed at providing the workplace with maximum acoustic comfort thanks to noise reduction solu- tions (source and reverberation). In addition, in 2024, we inaugurated the e-building, based on the concept of flexibility. The e-building will house the production and development of internal combustion, hybrid and full electric models, it is also a strategic asset for the construction of electric motors, batteries, electric axles and vehicle assembly. In this facility, various solutions have been designed to improve the well-being of people in the work environment: ergonomic workstations, relaxation areas, acoustic and visual comfort, and the correct mix of natural and artificial lighting are some of the aspects that are the most beneficial. As part of its longstanding commitment to well-being and work-life balance, Ferrari has been offering the preventive medical program “Formula Benessere” since 1999. This program allows employees in Italy to participate voluntarily, free of charge, in a single annual appointment comprising specialist medical consultations. Until 2023, employees could undergo specific medical examinations within the Company prem- ises. Starting from 2024, the program has been revised to provide each employee with a compre- hensive medical check-up. This includes six special- ist consultations, with the option to add a gynecolog- ical or urological examination, along with a series of blood tests. Notably, the check-up is designed to be completed in a single session, during working hours. The specialist visits cover ophthalmology, car- diology, dermatology, internal medicine, and sports medicine. Ferrari also extends this dedicated annual check-up, free of charge and on a voluntary basis, to its employees’ children. Starting in 2024, the eligi- ble age range for children has been expanded from 5-15 years to 4-17 years. In 2024, more than 2,500 employees, representing around 52 percent of eli- gible population, and over 1,000 children benefited from medical and specialist check-ups performed through “Formula Benessere”, which will continue in the following years. These cover Ferrari S.p.A., including Italian stores. The effectiveness of these actions is assessed through a statistical report on employee and children attendance to the welfare initiative, and an internal satisfaction questionnaire. Moreover, employees can access medical and phys- iotherapeutic support during trips related to the Formula 1 World Championship. To promote an active lifestyle among our employ- ees, our program also includes the access to a gym. It is available for all the employees in Maranello, while employees at the Modena plant have a free mem- bership in one of the city gyms. No significant oper- ational or capital expenditures have been allocated to this action in 2024 or are planned for the future. As part of the initiatives to promote work-life bal- ance, Ferrari offers the “Formula Estate Junior” pro- gram to strengthen the sense of belonging among employees and their families while, above all, providing tangible support for parenting during the Italian sum- mer school break. This project, created for the children of Ferrari Maranello and Modena employees aged 3 to 13, provides a summer camp centered around fun and structured with socio-educational programs. These include sports activities, excursions, and educational workshops tailored to each age group. The fifteenth edition saw the participation of more than 800 children. This initiative, which will con- tinue in the following years, provides children with an exciting and educational experience. Each edi- tion of the “Formula Estate Junior” camp is designed around a specific educational theme developed by professional educators in collaboration with the local community. The effectiveness of this activity is assessed through the monitoring of children’s par- ticipation and an internal satisfaction questionnaire dedicated to employees. No significant operational or capital expenditures have been allocated to this action in 2024 or are planned for the future. Education has always been one of Ferrari’s most important values to uphold. "Formula Scuola” is a pro- gram that supports education through the award of scholarships to outstanding students and textbook reimbursements. The scholarships, named after our founder Enzo Ferrari, are awarded to Ferrari S.p.A. employees and their children who have con- tinued their studies and achieved excellent academic results. In 2024, our Chairman and CEO presented

[PAGE 264]
264 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 105 scholarships to talented students during a spe- cial award ceremony organized for the occasion. The scholarship program has reached its fifteenth edi- tion and will continue in the future. The effectiveness of these actions is assessed through a report on the number of employees and children enrolled in this initiative and an internal survey. No significant opera- tional or capital expenditures have been allocated to this action in 2024 or are planned for the future. The textbook reimbursement initiative, on the other hand, is available to children of Ferrari employees in Italy enrolled in middle and high schools. In 2024, it benefited 782 employees. Many other activities to foster a shared sense of belonging were carried out in 2024 by the Ferrari Group, including the long awaited Family Day, the Finali Mondiali at the Imola Circuit, and Esperienza Ferrari. CHARACTERISTICS OF FERRARI EMPLOYEES Ferrari’s workforce mainly consists of blue and white-collar workers. Our workers operate in various areas, including the foundry, warehouses, assembly lines, test rooms for engines and car components and the racetrack. Our workforce is divided between employees and non- employees, with the latter including agency workers, staff lease workers and interns. The entire own workforce of the Ferrari Group has been included in the scope of the disclosure under ESRS 2. Additionally, except for health and safety matters, there are no people with particular characteristics that may be at greater risk of harm. As of December 31, 2024, Group employees were 5,435, an increase of 9 percent compared to December 31, 2023 4,988. We expect to continue growing over the next few years to meet our key priorities. 2024 Number of employees (head count) Country Female % Female Male % Male Other % Other Not Disclosed % Not Disclosed Total Total Italy 744 14.6% 4,344 85.4% — —% — —% 5,088 Total Rest of the world 131 37.8% 216 62.2% — —% — —% 347 Total Group 875 16.1% 4,560 83.9% — —% — —% 5,435 2023 Number of employees (head count) Country Female % Female Male % Male Other % Other Not Disclosed % Not Disclosed Total Total Italy 665 14.3% 4,001 85.7% — —% — —% 4,666 Total Rest of the world 120 37.3% 202 62.7% — —% — —% 322 Total Group 785 15.7% 4,203 84.3% — —% — —% 4,988 As shown in the tables above, 93.6% of our employees work in Italy, which is considered the only significant location of operation as this is where our plants and most of our workforce is located. Employees are categorized based on the terms and conditions of their employment contracts. Permanent employees have an indefinite employment contract, whereas, temporary employees have fixed-term contracts. Non-guaranteed hours employees are employed on contracts without a minimum guaranteed number of working hours. Full-time employees work the standard hours as defined by applicable legislation or the employment agreement. Part-time employees, however, work fewer hours than full-time thresholds. These distinctions apply across all countries where Ferrari has facilities.

[TABLE] 744 | 14.6% | 4,344 | 85.4% | — | —% | — | —% | 5,088
[TABLE] 131 | 37.8% | 216 | 62.2% | — | —% | — | —% | 347
[TABLE] 875 | 16.1% | 4,560 | 83.9% | — | —% | — | —% | 5,435

[PAGE 265]
265 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F Geographical distribution information is obtained from the HR internal database. All employees covered by the CCSL, along with Ferrari N.V., fall within the Italian perimeter . 2024 Female Male Other Not Disclosed Total Number of employees (head count) 875 4,560 — — 5,435 Number of permanent employees (head count) 853 4,536 — — 5,389 Number of temporary employees (head count) 22 24 — — 46 Number of non-guaranteed hours employees (head count) — — — — — Number of full-time employees (head count) 853 4,556 — — 5,409 Number of part-time employees (head count) 22 4 — — 26 Number of non-employees (head count) 249 820 — — 1,069 2024 Total Italy Total Rest of the world Total Group Number of employees (head count) 5,088 347 5,435 Number of permanent employees (head count) 5,085 304 5,389 Number of temporary employees (head count) 3 43 46 Number of non-guaranteed hours employees (head count) — — — Number of full-time employees (head count) 5,064 345 5,409 Number of part-time employees (head count) 24 2 26 Number of non-employees (head count / FTE) 1,062 7 1,069 Most of our employees have a permanent contract (99.2%) and almost all our employees are full time (99.5%). The data in the tables above includes all employees working for Ferrari’s entities and the data is disclosed in head count. The information refers to the end of the reporting period. The data was directly extracted from the HR internal database and classified into the categories described above. EMPLOYEE TURNOVER BY GENDER Female Male Other Not disclosed Total Group Employees at December 31, 2024 875 4,560 — — 5,435 Departures 44 180 — — 224 Departures (%) 5.0% 3.9% —% —% 4.1% The employee turnover is calculated using as the nominator, employees who left during the year due to dismissal, retirement, or death in service, and as the denominator, the number of employees at the end of the reporting period.

[TABLE] 875 | 4,560 | — | — | 5,435
[TABLE] 853 | 4,536 | — | — | 5,389
[TABLE] 22 | 24 | — | — | 46
[TABLE] — | — | — | — | —
[TABLE] 853 | 4,556 | — | — | 5,409
[TABLE] 22 | 4 | — | — | 26
[TABLE] 249 | 820 | — | — | 1,069
[TABLE] 5,088 | 347 | 5,435
[TABLE] 5,085 | 304 | 5,389
[TABLE] 3 | 43 | 46
[TABLE] — | — | —
[TABLE] 5,064 | 345 | 5,409
[TABLE] 24 | 2 | 26
[TABLE] 1,062 | 7 | 1,069

[PAGE 266]
266 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F CHARACTERISTICS OF FERRARI NON-EMPLOYEES TOTAL NUMBER OF WORKERS WHO ARE NOT EMPLOYEES AND WHOSE WORK IS CONTROLLED BY THE ORGANIZATION 2024 2023 Agency workers 235 227 Staff leasing workers 752 680 Interns 82 81 Total 1,069 988 Non-employees contribute to various departments across the Company, depending on the workload and ongoing projects. Agency and staff leasing workers are both hired through agencies, though they differ in employment terms: agency workers are hired on a temporary contract, while staff leasing employees hold permanent contracts. Interns are managed separately, and participants in school-to-work programs and curricular internships are excluded from the total count. The information in the table above refers to the end of the reporting period and refer to non-employees in head count. Please refer to “Overview of Our Business—Employees” for information on employees. DATA RESPONSIBILITY, PRIVACY AND CYBERSECURITY We regard the protection of personal data as a top pri- ority of our organization. We respect the right to pri- vacy of our workforce, irrespective of their functions or characteristics, undertaking to use the data and in- formation provided in a legitimate, fair and transpar- ent manner in accordance with applicable laws. In conducing our business operations, we strive to act in accordance with the current legislative framework that governs the processing of per- sonal data at a global scale, including but not limited to the General Data Protection Regulation “GDPR” (EU Regulation no. 2016/679), the UK GDPR and the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 “CCPA”. The data protection legal framework has steadily developed in recent years and has brought a new awareness to privacy. Workforce personal data are collected for the management of the employment relationship, as well as for regulatory and organizational purposes. Such data are handled with the utmost level of accu- racy and confidentiality. OUR POLICY Within its implementation of the provisions set forth in the EU/2016/679 General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Ferrari decided to describe the privacy organizational structure of the Ferrari Group and to establish and regulate the Ferrari Privacy Committee. Ferrari also identified the in- dividuals involved in the processing activities and their respective roles and responsibilities, including the Data Protection Officer “DPO”, responsible for the compliance with the Privacy regulation. The workforce Privacy Policy, available on the Ferrari intranet, is applicable to all employees of Ferrari S.p.A., while the subsidiaries and branches of the Ferrari Group worldwide implemented local pri- vacy notices in compliance with the applicable local legislation. The recipients of this Policy are all direc- tors, managers, employees, temporary workers, in- terns, and scholarship holders of the Ferrari Group. We care about processing data in a safe and transparent manner, and in this respect, according to our Code of Conduct, we take the utmost care to protect the personal data of the individuals who are part of Ferrari and those who come into contact with us. The practice covers the following impacts and risk: “Willful and/or unintentional security breaches involving confidential business information, stake- holder privacy and losses of stakeholder data, for the detriment of stakeholders (employees and cli- ents)” and “Cybersecurity incidents deriving from successful external/internal cyber attacks (phishing, malware, ransomware, social engineering, etc.) on Ferrari or its Third Parties”. In line with our impacts, opportunities, and risks, the Code of Conduct includes specific guidelines related to respect and ensure data protection for confidential information and personal data. Ferrari S.p.A. updated the Privacy Policy in January 2024. During 2024, the Ferrari Group also updated the Privacy Policies of its sub- sidiaries’ employees in Germany, France, Australia, Dubai branch, UK, Singapore and Japan. Privacy and personal data protection are also covered by our Human Rights practice. According

[TABLE] 235
[TABLE] 752
[TABLE] 82
[TABLE] 1,069

[PAGE 267]
267 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F to the latter, Ferrari processes all the collected personal data in compliance with applicable data protection laws and security and privacy policies. Please refer to the “S1—Own workforce—Human Rights” paragraph for further information. OUR TARGETS We strive to ensure that every step of our production follows current regulations, however, we have not set specific targets on data protection and privacy. Our priority is to ensure compliance with data protection and privacy laws, particularly with the EU/2016/679 General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). OUR ACTIONS Below a description of the actions implemented to effectively manage the potential negative impact identified during the Double materiality analysis. For further information please refer to “ESRS 2— Impacts, risks and opportunities management”. We have adopted a progressive approach to ensure compliance with data protection and pri- vacy law requirements. We have implemented new processes such as digital systems to collect consents and privacy notices acknowledgments, the adoption of a governance tool to periodically update the records of processing activities, to per- form privacy impact assessments, to perform the balancing test and to manage cookies. Moreover, we have created internal procedures among which the Privacy Procedure, the Privacy by Design Procedure, the Data Retention Procedure, the Data Breach Procedure, the Appointment and manage- ment of system administrators, the Data Subject Access Requests Management Procedure. To answer requests from data subjects and to comply with applicable regulations, we have implemented an online portal (OneTrust) which allows anyone, including employees and consumer and end-users, to make privacy requests in a structured format. Ferrari has also in place a specific e-mail address where employees and stakeholders can submit their privacy requests. We provide the operating instruc- tions for authorized persons within the Company who process personal data, we have identified inter- nal privacy referents within Company departments and we have in place an internal Privacy Committee. To track and assess the effectiveness of this tool we have implemented specific KPIs related to data breaches. No significant operational or capital expenditures have been allocated to these actions in 2024 or are planned for the future. In case a transfer of Personal Data to third par- ties is necessary, we have implemented a Data Processing Agreement (DPA) to be signed between Ferrari and the third-party processing personal data on its behalf. The process requires the filling out of a specific “DPA” section during the issuance of a privacy relevant purchase request to the supplier. An Intercompany Data Protection Agreement has been signed by Ferrari S.p.A. and its subsidiaries. The Compliance department, with the support of the Human Resources department, identifies and proposes appropriate awareness-raising activities for Ferrari’s personnel on personal data protection and on the rules defined in Ferrari’s internal regu- lations. Training is mandatory for every new hire, as well as when there are changes in duties or the introduction of significant new tools, with significant impact on the processing of personal data. E-learning courses are organized for and addressed to employ- ees who are involved in the processing of personal data, while courses related to the correct collection of client data and their consents are organized for the Dealer Network. Whereas, dedicated face-to-face trainings have been delivered to the Referents of the Privacy Structure and to at risk areas. The purpose of the training is to raise awareness on data risks and prevention measures. It focuses on key aspects of personal data regulations, available measures to prevent harmful events, relevant responsibilities and ways to stay updated on the Company’s security measures. The effectiveness of the training courses in guaranteeing proper data protection and privacy is assessed through a final test. In 2024, there were no significant changes to these trainings and for the future, we will continue with the activity carried out in previous years. No significant operational or capi- tal expenditures have been allocated to this action in 2024 or are planned for the future. Any unauthorized access to our information technology systems may compromise the confiden- tiality of Ferrari’s intellectual property or the privacy of our clients’ information and expose us to claims as well as reputational damage. For these reasons, we have always paid the utmost attention to cybersecu- rity. To defend, detect and respond to cybersecurity incidents, we have implemented several actions, among which we conduct proactive privacy and cybersecurity reviews of systems and applications, including yearly attack exercises to test our cyber- security posture, audit applicable data policies, per- form penetration testing using external third-party tools, techniques and security service providers to test our posture, operate a bug bounty program to encourage proactive vulnerability reporting. We regularly engage external auditors and con- sultants to support with periodic security assess- ments such as penetration testing, continuous and automatic vulnerability assessment, email and web filtering, endpoint and infrastructure protection, data loss prevention, authentication systems, and advisory and support on certain cybersecurity enhancements. Worldwide primary cybersecurity companies are frequently involved. These partner- ships enable us to leverage specialized knowledge, insights and training, ensuring our cybersecurity strategies and processes remain aligned with fast evolving risk scenarios and new technologies. Every activity, involving the entire Ferrari Group’s IT infra- structure, is continuously monitored both by the systems themselves and through internal controls.

[PAGE 268]
268 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F These activities are structured to include periodic reviews at an appropriate frequency to minimize the risk of cyberattacks to the greatest extent possible. Annually, all Ferrari employees are provided with specific trainings on information security and cyber- security. The same training is provided to external workers too. This training is delivered both online and in-person, and it is part of regularly launched training campaigns. Internal “phriendly phishing” campaigns are regularly carried out to assess the level of awareness of the Ferrari population regard- ing phishing. Phished people have been and will be addressed by specific risk-based training activities. At the end of each training session, a learning test is administered to verify the effectiveness of the top- ics discussed. The testing cycle is continuously per- formed (8 times in the last 7 years, plus 4 complete cycles planned in 2025) constantly varying the bait to stay aligned with the new and ever-changing attack techniques. Training is similarly performed, always considering the newest threats (e.g. IA and deep fake, Quishing) and, whenever necessary, tailored to specific needs or topics. The overall operational and capital expendi- ture allocated for these activities was about € 4 million (please refer to the paragraph Consolidated Financial Statement) in 2024. For 2025, we have defined activities aligned with the previous year, updates are possible given that we plan to develop our new business plan in 2025. For further details see “Corporate Governance— Cybersecurity”.

[PAGE 269]
269 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F S2 – WORKERS IN THE VALUE CHAIN STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT Our current practice does not entail the direct in- volvement of value chain workers or their repre- sentatives in the assessment of impacts, both ac- tual and potential, that might affect them. Instead, we focus on the interaction and dialogue with the representatives of the companies for which these workers work. Please refer to paragraph “G1 Business Conduct—Responsible purchasing practic- es” and to paragraph “ESRS 2—General disclosures— Strategy—Interests and views of stakeholders” for more information about the interests, views, and rights of Ferrari’s value chain workers. WORKERS IN THE VALUE CHAIN Ferrari’s value chain involves a diverse range of peo- ple across various sectors and geographical loca- tions. Alongside our own workforce, workers within the value chain also play a fundamental role. Upstream workers are part of the supply chain that provides raw materials, components and ser- vices to Ferrari. They include metal and mineral extraction workers, involved in the extraction and refining of metals used in the production process, and workers engaged in the production of compo- nents and materials. In particular, regarding supply chain workers engaged in the mining and process- ing of tantalum, tin, tungsten and gold (collectively, ‘3TG’ or ‘Conflict Minerals’), Ferrari maps its supply chain to gain awareness of the sourcing status of 3TG materials from potential conflict zones to avoid knowingly using conflict minerals that support or fund inhumane treatment, including human traf- ficking, slavery, forced labor, child labor, torture and war crimes. At the end of this monitoring, Ferrari prepares a Final Report to be submitted to the SEC. In cases where high-risk suppliers are identified, the Compliance Department and the Management of the Purchasing Department determine the interven- tion strategy to be adopted. At the end of each year, the results of the above-mentioned campaign are shared with the relevant buyers to ensure the imple- mentation of any actions defined by Compliance and Management. Please refer to the “S2—Workers in the value chain—Conflict minerals” section for more information. Except for 3TG's workers in high-risk or conflict-affected countries, we have no other infor- mation regarding geographies, country or other levels, or commodity areas within the Company’s value chain where there may be a significant risk of child labor, or forced or compulsory labor. However, we gather information on business ethics, environ- ment practices, human rights, working condition and health and safety for workers in our supply chain through SAQ (Self-Assessment Questionnaire) surveys provided by Drive Sustainability(35). This pro- cess has primarily involved our Tier-1 suppliers and, in certain cases, extends to Tier-2 or Tier-3 suppliers. Downstream workers include mostly dealers responsible for selling Ferrari cars and logistics workers that manage the transportation and deliv- ery of vehicles and parts. In addition, workers oper- ating on our sites that are not part of our own work- force (i.e. temporary workers) include consultants, and employees of cleaning and temporary building maintenance companies. Currently, we do not have detailed information on the presence of value chain workers who could be particularly vulnerable to the negative impacts identified through the Double materiality analysis. Furthermore, we have a few workers involved in the joint venture with which we collaborate. OUR POLICY We encourage the adoption and sharing of sustain- able practices among our business partners, sup- pliers and dealers. All suppliers must respect the Ferrari Code of Conduct, which includes the set of values recognized, adhered to and promoted by our Company. In line with our impacts, opportunities and risks, the Code of Conduct was updated in 2023 to include specific guidelines relating to the respect of human rights, environmental protection, ethical and integrity principles, with consideration also given to the value chain. As indicated in the paragraph on the Code of Conduct, this also extends to all suppliers, dealers, advisors and agents of Ferrari, as there is no spe- cific Code for them. In line with our Code of Conduct, we defined our Human Rights practice that sets out key principles such as the prohibition of child labor, compulsory labor and forced labor, trafficking and serfdom, attention to a healthy and safe working environment,

[PAGE 270]
270 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F rejection of any form of abuse, harassment and dis- crimination, zero tolerance concerning corruption and protection of the rights of local communities. The Practice is applicable to the entire Ferrari Group. The Practice addresses all workers who work for or on behalf of Ferrari, such as suppliers and business partners across its upstream and downstream value chain. For more information about the practice, please refer to “S1—Own workforce—Human Rights” paragraph. In 2024, to the best of our knowledge there were no severe human rights issues or incidents, nor any cases of non-respect of the human rights principle embodied into the internationally recognized stan- dards mentioned in the “S1—Own workforce—Human Rights” paragraph, among value chain workers. OUR TARGETS AND METRICS Currently, we have not defined specific targets for workers within our value chain. To guarantee a high standard of ethics and behavior, we require all third parties that wish to collaborate with us to sign the Statement of Commitment, an annex of our contract, to comply with the Code of Conduct and the Organizational Model established by Legislative Decree no. 231/2001. For more information on this document please refer to paragraph “G1—Business Conduct—Responsible purchasing practices”. Furthermore, Ferrari uses specific tools to monitor and stay informed about its suppliers. These tools al- low for a thorough screening of all available online news regarding environmental, social and gover- nance (ESG) issues. This process not only ensures greater transparency, but also enables Ferrari to make more informed decisions, thus promoting the social responsibility and ethical commitment of its supplier network. OUR ACTIONS We are in the process of structuring an ESG Due Diligence activity on our suppliers, however, we have not yet formalized a specific action plan to ad- dress the material impacts, risks and opportunities on all workers in the value chain. This implies that we have yet to implement sys- tematic measures to identify, assess and mitigate risks that may jeopardize the well-being of workers involved in the different stages of our value chain. Furthermore, we have not developed concrete strategies to exploit opportunities that may arise in relation to the management of labor rights and working conditions within the value chain. However, we recognize the importance of taking a proactive approach in this area and are actively working to structure our due diligence process with the aim of developing a strategic framework for action. The Drive Sustainability questionnaire and the Compliance Evaluation are preliminary activities for a more structured ESG Due Diligence activity also aimed at preventing the above-mentioned potential negative impacts on workers along the value chain. Before entering in any form of commercial collab- oration with a supplier, we undertake a thorough assessment through the Compliance Evaluation process, which allows us to analyze the supplier from multiple angles, ensuring that it meets high ethical and legal standards. The main areas of anal- ysis include anti-corruption, trade sanctions, money laundering, conflict of interest, ethics (including human rights) and reputation. On the other hand, the Drive Sustainability Questionnaire is mainly intended for those with whom a contract is already in place. Through the latter we request suppliers to provide detailed information regarding their social and environmental practices. In this questionnaire, we request general information regarding their code of ethics, implemented human rights policies and the existence of complaint mechanisms or for- mal complaint handling procedures. In addition, we ask for specific information on workers’ health and safety to ensure that the highest standards are met. In addition to social aspects, the questionnaire also includes questions on environmental issues. In par- ticular, we examine the responsible sourcing of raw materials and the sustainable management of the entire value chain. This holistic approach allows us not only to assess the current practices of our sup- pliers, but also to promote a collective commitment to sustainability and social responsibility within our supply chain. For more information on the Drive Sustainability Questionnaire and the Compliance Evaluation, please refer to paragraph “G1—Business Conduct—Responsible purchasing practices”. In 2024, in line with our aim of structuring ESG due diligence activities, we decided to undertake an initial risk assessment process that will cover both internal aspects of our organization and employ- ee-related aspects along the entire value chain. This initiative was motivated by the emerging need to comply with new regulations, such as the Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive (CSDDD), which requires companies to assess and manage human rights and environmental risks along the entire value chain. Through this process, we aim to strengthen our sustainable governance, consolidate our repu- tation, and contribute to long-term responsible and sustainable development, to align with the latest regulatory and social expectations. The value chain risk assessment will provide us with an opportunity to improve our practices and create shared value. Based on the findings, we will evaluate actions to address risks related to workers in our value chain. The actions described above are the starting point of a structured ESG due diligence activity, which will be extended to all suppliers in the coming years. Regarding the ethics violations reporting chan- nels made available by Ferrari, as specified in the “G1 Business Conduct—Whistleblowing” paragraph, our official Ethics Helpline also allows workers in the value chain to report violations of the Code of Conduct. However, there is no dedicated activity to

[PAGE 271]
271 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F assess whether value chain workers are aware of this channel even if it is publicly available on Ferrari corporate website. Currently, we do not have for- malized processes to systematically address poten- tial negative impacts that could affect workers in our supply chain. However, in daily practice, Ferrari is committed to taking proactive measures when it becomes aware of a possible involvement in sit- uations of human rights violations associated with workers in our supply chain. In such cases, our Company proceeds with a direct approach, con- tacting the supplier involved to initiate a construc- tive dialogue. This exchange is aimed at obtaining clarification and detailed information on the specific circumstances. This not only allows us to better understand the situation, but also to work together with the supplier to find appropriate solutions and ensure decent working conditions for all workers. CONFLICT MINERALS Ferrari supports the goal of preventing the exploita- tion of minerals violating human rights, with specific reference to tantalum, tin, tungsten and gold (collec- tively, “3TG” or “Conflict Minerals”) originated from high-risk or conflict affected countries (“Covered Countries”), that may be included in our cars and/ or products. As part of Ferrari’s commitment to re- spect and promote human rights and the sustain- ability of its operations, Ferrari selects suppliers based not only on the quality and competitiveness of their products and services, but also on their adher- ence to social, ethical and environmental principles, as outlined in Ferrari’s Code of Conduct. Therefore, we place a high priority on responsi- ble sourcing and the integrity of our suppliers, and we strive to ensure that the livelihoods of individuals in Covered Countries are not harmed by our efforts. In particular, Ferrari has developed actions and strategies aimed at complying with the applicable Conflict Minerals National and International rules and regulations, such as by way of example Section 1502 of the Dodd-Frank Act and the subsequent rules promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, requiring companies to determine whether 3TG in their supply chain originated from the Democratic Republic of Congo and its adjoining countries, and whether the procurement of those minerals supported the armed conflict. Due to the complexity of our supply chain, we are dependent upon suppliers to provide the infor- mation necessary to correctly identify the smelters and refiners that produce the 3TG contained in our products and take appropriate action to determine that these smelters and refiners source responsibly. In accordance with the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from Conflict- Affected and High-Risk Areas, we have established an internal management system in relation to the supply of Conflict Minerals with the objective, inter alia, of: • minimizing the trade in Conflict Minerals that directly or indirectly finance or benefit armed groups anywhere in the world; • enabling legitimate minerals from conflict and high-risk regions to enter Ferrari’s global supply chain, thereby supporting the economies and the local communities that depend on the export of such minerals. Specifically, we expect our suppliers to assure that the 3TG in their products do not directly or indirect- ly finance or benefit armed groups in the Covered Countries. Moreover, we require all of our 3TG suppliers to conduct the necessary due diligence and provide us with adequate information on the country of origin and source of the materials used in the products they supply to us. The activity involves various sup- plier categories, including direct material suppliers for both Sports Cars and Racing, Lifestyle suppliers whose products are sold through Ferrari Stores, indirect suppliers providing items sent to custom- ers between vehicle orders and final shipping (such as key holder gifts or 1:43 car models), and spare parts business suppliers whose products are pur- chased and resold to customers. With reference to 2023, 95.73 percent of Ferrari’s direct suppliers(36) by purchased value submitted responses to our sur- vey, in 2022 the response rate was 95 percent. The due diligence program for 3TG suppliers involves Tier 1 direct production, lifestyle suppliers, contact plan suppliers and after-market part direct suppli- ers. Ferrari conducts due diligence on the source and chain of custody of the 3TG necessary for our products once a year, starting in December and concluding the activity within May to analyze the col- lected information. The design of Ferrari’s conflict minerals program is consistent with the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Supply Chain of Minerals from Conflict-Affected and High-Risk Areas, Third edition, and related Supplements on Tin, Tantalum and Tungten and on Gold (collectively, “OECD Guidance”). Ferrari uses the tools and programs developed by the Conflict-Free Sourcing Initiative (“CFSI”), and industry initiative that audits smelters and refiners’ due diligence activities, including in particular the Conflict Minerals Reporting Template (“CMRT”) and the Conflict Free Smelter Program (“CFSP”). We are strongly committed to increasing the coverage of our analysis and the response rate through targeted actions. No significant operational or capital expenditures have been allocated to this action in 2024 or are planned for the future.

[PAGE 272]
272 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F S3 – AFFECTED COMMUNITIES Our goal is to create and share long-term value with our stakeholders. Community engagement and in- volvement with the local territory are essential to us, particularly in Maranello and Modena, where all our cars are manufactured. To maintain alive the spirit of Ferrari and the story of its founder Enzo Ferrari, two different museums have been established, attracting every year thou- sands of visitors from all over the world thus contin- uously benefiting the local community. We are aware of our responsibility towards the community and our efforts are directed to support its development, mainly through collaborations with local universities and schools and thanks to the indus- try network in the Emilia-Romagna region. We believe that promoting the education of young talents is an essential step to reinforce the connection with local communities. Developing talented and brilliant engi- neers with a specific academic background focused on emerging technologies in the automotive industry, and in particular innovative solutions for state-of-the- art performance in luxury sports cars and racing cars, is essential for the Group to seize future opportunities. Please refer to the “ESRS 2—General disclo- sures—Strategy—Interests and views of stakehold- ers” paragraph for more information on interests, views, and rights of our affected communities. OUR POLICY In line with our values, our impacts, risks and oppor- tunities, we seek to play a key role in supporting the communities within which we operate, with a view to shared growth. For this reason, according to our Code of Conduct, we engage in constant and trans- parent dialogue with communities and the main local stakeholders involved directly or indirectly in our ac- tivities and in the development of social initiatives. The practice covers the following impacts and opportu- nity: “Support community education through general and technical programs”, “Impact on the community (e.g. Maranello) wealth thanks to the employment (e.g. job opportunities for local students, financial stability of employees)” and “Improved reputation and acqui- sition of new skills/expertise through stronger rela- tionships with local communities and wealth genera- tion (e.g. collaboration with schools and universities, local job creation, support for small local businesses)”. Opportunities arising from impacts and depen- dencies on affected communities are related to communities of Ferrari S.p.A.. Additionally, there are no negative impacts on affected communities with particular characteristics, those at greater risk of harm or those living in particular contexts. Ferrari is firmly dedicated to respecting the rights of local communities and to positively con- tributing to their realization, believing that their cul- tural and natural heritage, as well as traditions and customs, are key elements for the success of its business and for the whole society. Our support to a range of associations and local authorities is evi- dence of our commitment in this area. For a detailed description of key contents refer to the Code of Conduct, please refer to the “G1— Business Conduct—Business conduct policies and corporate culture” paragraph. In addition, the atten- tion to affected communities is also outlined in the Human Rights Practice. For additional information please refer to the “S1—Own workforce—Human Rights” paragraph. In particular, the affected communities can raise their concerns or needs through the Ethics Helpline, available on our corporate website. The Whistleblowing procedure protects the whis- tleblower against retaliation. In specific business relationship cases, Ferrari requires the acceptance of the Code of Conduct which includes references to the Whistleblowing policy and the Ethics Helpline for reporting con- cerns. As of the date of publication of this Report, the Ethics Helpline has not been officially communi- cated to the affected communities even if it is pub- licly reachable from Ferrari corporate website. Ferrari has adopted a channel for raising con- cerns available for affected communities. For that reason S3-3 29 is not applicable. In 2024, to the best of our knowledge there were no severe human rights issues or incidents, nor any cases of non-respect of the human rights principle embodied into the internationally recognized stan- dards mentioned in the “S1—Own workforce—Human Rights” paragraph, among affected communities. STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT Ferrari communities extend beyond the students and professors of universities in Emilia-Romagna and technical schools in the municipalities where our plants are located, to also include people who live and contribute to the vitality of the surrounding local ar- eas. Whereas, regarding local communities along the value chain, impacts have emerged as not relevant,

[PAGE 273]
273 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F and the rights of indigenous people are not applica- ble, given the nature of our operational activities. Specifically, we aim to promote education within the local community at the high school level by establishing long-term relationships with techni- cal schools, such as the Istituti Tecnici Superiori, in Maranello and neighboring towns. The main collab- orations participating in orientation committees, establishing “school-work” projects for students, bringing the testimony of Ferrari technicians in classrooms, implementing training of trainers (TOT) activities, donating Ferrari equipment, and partic- ipating in public tenders to finance technical class- rooms and labs in collaboration with local schools. The aim of these initiatives is to support schools in providing the new generations with the skills and tools needed to meet the rapid technological changes taking place in society. Community engagement takes place through technical committees composed of representatives of technical institutes or universities, among which school directors and teachers in charge of such courses. The topics included in the different course curricula are discussed with Ferrari representatives, with the purpose of providing students with the skills needed for their future careers. Ferrari’s representa- tives are members of the Human Resources depart- ment, and they report to the Chief Human Resources Officer, who is the most senior role that has the responsibility for ensuring the engagement happens and that the results inform Ferrari’s approach on education. The frequency of the committees’ meet- ings varies depending on both the level of education (i.e. at least three times a year with universities and annually with technical institutes) and on the status of projects (i.e. in the case of new course being planned, the committee will be convened more frequently compared to long-lasting activities). These engagement activities can be considered effective given that this cooperation has been ongo- ing for many years. Ferrari is partner of the Motorvehicle University of Emilia-Romagna (MUNER), an association which was strongly advocated by the Emilia-Romagna region. In 2024, Ferrari, as a member of its steering com- mittee, collaborated in advancing educational initia- tives aiming for inclusivity in STEM fields and motor- sports. These initiatives aim to examine the Italian context, through the engagement of students from different backgrounds, nationalities, gender or reli- gion with the objective of breaking common biases towards engineering and technical professions and overcome barriers to inclusivity in their studies and future careers. To gain insight, Ferrari conducts sur- veys, focus groups, interviews with students. This engagement helps to understand their unique chal- lenges and needs. Additionally, the committee con- ducts research to explore the reasons behind gaps and lack of opportunities, particularly for students pursuing STEM and motorsports careers. Affected communities included in the scope of the disclosure under ESRS 2 are mainly commu- nities located near the production plants. In 2024, no negative impacts on affected communities emerged. Nevertheless, a whistleblowing channel is available to third parties, including members of the community. OUR TARGETS AND ACTIONS We are strongly dedicated to actions and initiatives that have a positive impact on the affected commu- nities, even though no specific targets have been set. Every initiative promoted is constantly mon- itored and measured with regard to its effects on the affected communities thought qualitative indicators. The effectiveness of each action listed below is reported. EDUCATION At the end of 2024, Ferrari installed a Miri Classroom at a local elementary school, located in Formigine (close to Maranello). This project is a new, immersive, and inclusive learning environment where boys and girls become the protagonists of their education- al adventures. With the touch of a finger, they can travel through time and discover distant places. All the content, developed by Giunti Scuola, is stimulat- ing and interactive, suitable for every level of learn- ing, from preschool to primary school. We expect that around one hundred classes in the school will have the opportunity to use and learn through this interactive classroom. Starting from 2024, this proj- ect delivered 250 immersive experiences engaging students across all grade levels. If the project is suc- cessful, we could consider to extend it to other local schools in the future. To verify the level of satisfaction we perform periodical reports tracked by the class- room internal system. Since the Miri Classroom ini- tiative was only recently implemented, measurable outcomes are not yet available. No significant opera- tional or capital expenditures have been allocated to this action in 2024 or are planned for the future. We also continue our work with the e.DO Learning Center, an innovative educational project born in 2022 from the synergy between Ferrari and the local area. The project was developed within a labo- ratory at the IIS Fermo Corni in Modena, which has been completely refurnished and equipped with new technology and furniture thanks to the support from Ferrari. This space, dedicated to students starting from the age of 8 up to the university level, offers the opportunity to learn about artificial intelligence and new technologies through games, for the younger users, and through exercises, for the older ones. The laboratory is equipped with 5 e.DO robots, with mod- ular and multi-axis mechanical arms with integrated open-source intelligence, developed by the company Comau. Since the debut of the project, more than 6,000 students have attended lessons in the labora- tory. In recent years, the program has been refined, alongside the ongoing maintenance of the robots. Given the success of this project, we could expand

[PAGE 274]
274 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F it to other districts. To verify the level of satisfaction we administered a survey to all students that par- ticipated in the activity. Since the e.DO Learning ini- tiative was only recently implemented, measurable outcomes are not yet available. No significant opera- tional or capital expenditures have been allocated to this action in 2024 or are planned for the future. Since 2013, Ferrari has been a partner of “ITS Maker”, the Emilia-Romagna Higher Institute of Mechanics, Mechatronics, Motor and Packaging. The project aims to deliver two-year courses to pro- vide the most in-demand technical skills in a prac- tical way, also thanks to an internship that takes up 40 percent of the total course hours. Additionally, the Company is involved in courses on electronic systems, powertrains, materials and composites, and every year hosts approximately 20 ITS Maker students in the Sports Cars and Scuderia depart- ments, providing them with the opportunity to apply their technical skills in a practical way. In 2024, a new course titled ‘Restoration and Historical Cars’ was launched. Ferrari is actively involved through its Classiche workshops, supporting the program with a dedicated restoration workshop focused on vintage engines. Through its involvement in these specific courses, Ferrari contributes to the creation of an innovation and development ecosystem, pre- paring the next generation of technicians and engi- neers for future challenges and generating a strong impact on the local economy. For this reason, we monitor the effectiveness of this action using differ- ent KPIs, such as the employment rate of graduates, the percentage of workers with permanent con- tracts, and the proportion of students who continue their academic paths. No significant operational or capital expenditures have been allocated to this action in 2024 or are planned for the future. We have established collaborations with leading universities worldwide that include the possibility for students to develop bachelor and doctoral the- ses as well as other research projects. Since 2017, Ferrari has been partner of the Motorvehicle University of Emilia-Romagna (MUNER), an association strongly advocated by the Emilia- Romagna region. We plan to continue this part- nership in the future. MUNER was created thanks to a synergistic connection between the universi- ties of Modena and Reggio Emilia, Bologna, Ferrara and Parma along with car companies (Automobili Lamborghini, Dallara, Ducati, HaasF1Team, HPE Group, Marelli, Maserati, Pagani, Visa Cash App RB Formula One Team) in the region that represent the excellence of Italian brands, which includes Ferrari. Thanks to existing partners and those who join every year, the opportunity to access new automo- tive knowledge and skills continues to increase. The Motorvehicle University of Emilia-Romagna hub aims to attract the best university students from all over the world, with the goal of training and introducing the engineers of tomorrow into the corporate world. The educational offer includes the following Master’s Degree programs, whose design and implementation saw the active participation of Ferrari: Advanced Automotive Engineering (AAE), Electronic Engineering for Intelligent Vehicles (EEIV) and Electronic Vehicle Engineering (EVE). The forma-

[PAGE 275]
275 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F tive catalog of the latter is entirely devoted to electri- cal vehicles and aims at forging new professionals with a comprehensive view of all the phases and processes of the development of an electric vehicle. In all these courses, the partners of the initiative participate in educational activities by teaching and co-teaching courses, lessons, seminars and labora- tories and by inviting students to visit the production plants. This partnership opens up the opportunity for the most talented and motivated students to take part in internship programs with the companies involved. In particular, the course Vehicle Conceptual Design (VCD) of the AAE and EVE programs, is entirely taught by Ferrari Maestri, covering more than 20 lectures. In 2024, the number of enrollments in the three master’s degrees programs increased, with about 9 percent of the students coming from foreign countries. Moreover, in 2024, MUNER con- tinued to offer high school and university students a variety of academic, business and cultural contents, all aimed at deepening their understanding of high performance vehicles and engineering subjects. Since the foundation of MUNER, Ferrari has offered various internship opportunities to over 75 students and hired around 53, directly upon graduation. This has contributed to the fact that over 70 percent of students find a job within the first six months after graduation. In the coming years, we plan to further enhance the course offerings and expand them where necessary. Ferrari, through strategic educational partner- ships such as the Motorvehicle University of Emilia- Romagna hub, stands as a key player in creating opportunities for the economic well-being of the area. MUNER, in fact, not only attracts the best university students from all over the world, but also acts as a gateway between academia and industry, training the engineers of the future and fostering their entry into the local job scene. In this way, Ferrari contributes to the growth of the community by fostering innovation and supporting the development of highly specialized skills that are essential to the region’s economic and technological progress. No significant operational or capital expenditures have been allocated to this action in 2024 or are planned for the future. In addition, in 2024 the MUNER Gender and Diversity Empowerment Committee was officially established, with a Ferrari representative as part of it. This Committee focuses on gender issues in the automotive sector and engineering education. Indeed, since the automotive sector is character- ized by significant gender disparity, addressing this issue at the governance level becomes cru- cial. The Committee actively aims at pursuing a set of key objectives, including promoting an inclusive corporate and academic culture that respects gen- der diversity, actively involving all stakeholders in decision-making processes and job opportunities, sharing best practices and successful experiences in gender equality, and implementing targeted train- ing programs to raise awareness and educate on gender equality topics. Furthermore, in 2024, Ferrari Group around the world promoted educational and charity activities for their local communities, in collaboration with dif- ferent partners. COMMUNITY VALUE CREATION Ferrari Museum Maranello & Museo Enzo Ferrari (MEF) The Ferrari Museum Maranello invites visitors to ex- perience the Prancing Horse dream first-hand, of- fering them a journey through the Group’s history, values and automotive world. The Museo Enzo Ferrari (MEF) is built around the house in which Enzo Ferrari was born in 1898. The MEF tells the story of Enzo Ferrari as a young boy discovering the irresistible allure of the world of motor racing, his career as a driver in 1920s, as the driving force behind the Scuderia Ferrari in the 1930s, and then as Ferrari, the Constructor, from 1947 onwards. In 2024, the Ferrari Museum Maranello and the MEF welcomed more than 850,000 visitors, contrib- uting to the local economy and positively impacting the wealth generation of the local community. In 2024, the main exhibitions were: • “Roaring 50s”, an exhibition on the history of the Modena Street circuit. • “Scuderia Ferrari, the complete history”, cel- ebrating the most successful Formula 1 team ever • “One of a kind”, a glorious celebration of the ex- clusive world of personalization.

[PAGE 276]
276 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F S4 – CONSUMERS AND END-USERS In this Sustainability Statement, we refer to consum- ers and end-users as clients. STAKEHOLDERS ENGAGEMENT We are devoted to the highest level of client satisfac- tion, for this reason we strive to promote knowledge of our products, the enjoyment of our sports cars both on road and on track, and foster long-term re- lationships with our clients, which is key to our suc- cess. To achieve this objective, we have put in place different structured methods to directly engage with them, from exclusive events and initiatives to dedicated client satisfaction surveys. By purchasing our cars, clients become part of an exclusive community, united by a shared passion. We foster this sense of fellowship with a number of initiatives and events, such as exclusive new model unveils, on-the-road driving events such as the Ferrari Cavalcade, special experiences on track and dedicated programs for Ferraristi that own histori- cal models. For additional information, please refer to the “Client Relations” paragraph. We have also built a structured process to assess the overall client satisfaction covering the product, the services provided, the events we orga- nize, and the overall client experience with the car. Specific KPIs are constantly monitored and ana- lyzed by the Marketing Intelligence department, the function that has operational responsibility for ensur- ing that the engagement happens. The Marketing Intelligence department reports to the Chief Marketing and Commercial Officer, the most senior role in charge of ensuring the results inform Ferrari approach. The KPIs are measured through bespoke surveys for each car launch and collected for every new model, from range vehicles to special and limited editions. A similar approach is adopted for evaluating the quality of service and satisfaction of our events. The assessment process can involve proactively administering online questionnaires and conducting telephone interviews with a sample of customers, or the customers directly reaching out to us. Product satisfaction aims to evaluate perfor- mance, driving emotions, design, quality, comfort, devices and HMI of our products. The evaluation is carried out through three different survey typol- ogies in different time frames, which enables us to gather client comments and feedback: • Early stage: at the commercial launch of a new Ferrari model, client/prospect satisfaction is monitored with Demo Test Drives of the new car at dealers’ showrooms. • Second stage: after approximately 3 to 4 weeks of ownership, the first clients of the new mod- el receive a survey, “Report200”, to gather their first impressions of the recently purchased car. A brief questionnaire, managed by the Ferrari Customer Care, is conducted by phone with the initial customers and is terminated after the first 200 replies have been collated. • Third stage: a few months following the launch, a third survey named New Car Buyer Satisfaction (“NCBS”) is sent by email to the initial clients. The NCBS is a more complete, in-depth and detailed assessment on the car, and is composed of more than 100 online questions aimed at gathering a thorough feedback on the vehicle. The purpose of these three surveys is to collect client(37) opinions on the driving experience, including the car safety devices. The topics of data treatment and privacy, and marketing practices are not includ- ed in the engagement process however, through the available communication channels, the consumer can reach out for any concern regarding these issues. Service satisfaction is monitored through an online survey and is evaluated through two differ- ent indices: Customer Satisfaction Index (“CSI”) and Ferrari Relationship Index (“FRI”). The purpose of both indices is to evaluate client satisfaction with respect to the sale and after-sale services. CSI focuses more on the latest service offered by the dealer, while FRI focuses on the long-term relation- ship between clients and Ferrari. The results are gathered and analyzed through a statistical model at our headquarters. The results of the product and service satis- faction analyses are used to outline any necessary action plan for current models and, additionally, to identify potential features to be added to the next generation of vehicles. Recent surveys show that client satisfaction for Ferrari products and services has constantly stayed at a very high level. Starting from 2017, to improve the main cli- ent events organized by Ferrari’s headquarters (such as Esperienza Ferrari, Digital or Physical World Premiere, Factory Tour etc.), we also started to evaluate the level of client satisfaction through an online survey using digital tools. The results

[PAGE 277]
277 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F of our analysis are gathered and shared with the Operative Marketing department. The results of the surveys measuring client satisfaction levels for our Ferrari Driving Courses worldwide (US, Europe, Mainland China) have also been shared with the Corse Clienti department and Hub representatives. Recognizing the importance of digital touch- points to enhance the overall client experience, Ferrari continues to develop the MyFerrari App. Dedicated to Ferrari clients, the app aims to enhance and foster their connection with the Ferrari world through the direct distribution of tailored contents. For additional information, please refer to “Client Relations and Sales and After Sales” paragraph. Finally, it is worth noting that our dealers play a key role in engaging clients. For a better understand- ing of the dealers’ role, please refer to the “Sales and After Sales” paragraph. The Customer Contact Service is a dedicated ser- vice established by Ferrari, enabling clients to directly raise concerns or requests regarding our products and services. This service is centralized at the Group level, except for the Mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan region, where the service is provided locally. When a client contacts customer service, including the one in Mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan, every single inquiry is categorized, monitored, and managed until resolved, with all specifics recorded in a globally centralized shared database. We produce periodical detailed reports to assess the status of inquiries. These reports are subsequently shared with the relevant Company departments and made avail- able to dealers. All client complaints are addressed and available for consulting through a dynamic dash- board. This service addresses the impacts related to Quality and Safety, and Ethics and Business Conduct. We have developed an integrated system between our customer care, dealers, Marketing department and area managers to track all contacts with clients, manage inquiries and share the results of client and dealer satisfaction analysis. In 2024, Ferrari assessed through its customer service satisfaction survey that all clients are aware of and trust the Customer Contact Service for rais- ing concerns or needs. This survey helps to evaluate client awareness of the available communication channels and to verify the accuracy of the service provided. The workflow adheres to internal formal- ized procedure designed to manage customer pro- cesses and communications effectively. Currently, no specific policies are in place to protect individuals from retaliation when utilizing these structures or processes, nevertheless, the Whistleblowing proce- dure protects the whistleblower against retaliation. The chart below shows the flow between clients, dealers and Ferrari FLOW BETWEEN CLIENTS, DEALERS AND FERRARI Ferrari clients Customer care Development (for future models) Production (for current models) Dealer Marketing Intelligence Area Manager Questionnaires Questionnaires feedbacks and inquires Questionnaires feedback Scorecard and Report Report and Analysis Questionnaires Market research activities (questionnaires and reports) Replies to inquires Client inquires Ferrari clients Customer care Development (for future models) Production (for current models) Dealer Marketing Intelligence Area Manager

[PAGE 278]
278 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F Moreover, a dedicated Customer Care Service is avail- able for our Lifestyle clients for any notices or con- cerns regarding the e-commerce platform services. In 2024, to the best of our knowledge there were no severe human rights issues or incidents, nor any cases of non-respect of the human rights prin- ciple embodied into the internationally recognized standards mentioned in the “S1—Own workforce— Human Rights”, among consumers and end-users. Please note that consumers and end-users of the Ferrari Group have been included in the scope of the disclosure under ESRS 2. Risks and opportunities arising from impacts and dependencies on consumers and end users relate to all Ferrari consumers and end users. Please refer to the “ESRS 2—General disclo- sures—Strategy—Interests and views of stakehold- ers” paragraph for more information on interests, views, and rights of our clients. VEHICLE QUALITY AND SAFETY Vehicle quality and safety are among our top priori- ties and Ferrari cars are always designed and man- ufactured with the safety of our clients and other road users in mind. Our cars increasingly incorporate electronic equipment developed with an integrated approach, which ensures the best balance between safety, con- trol, best-in-class performance and driving thrills. We sell cars together with a scheduled program of recommended maintenance services to ensure that vehicles are maintained to the highest stan- dards to meet our strict requirements for perfor- mance and safety. OUR POLICY Our products and services are designed and man- ufactured, as far as reasonably foreseeable, so not to compromise health, safety and physical integrity of customers, in accordance with our Human Rights practice mentioned in the “S1—Own workforce— Human Rights” paragraph. According to the impacts, risks and oppor- tunities identified, our integrated quality, safety and environment policy outlines our ambition to continuously improve products and processes which may impact quality, workers’ safety, the envi- ronment and related management systems, also through digitalization and the adoption of the best available technologies. The practice covers the fol- lowing impact and risk: “Reduced level of vehicle safety and quality with consequent increased risks for clients” and “Fast paced and uncertain laws and technical regulations proliferation: Regulatory tightening on safety (e.g., system, speed limits, autonomous drive / ADAS), noise (i.e. limits on dB emitted), software update (e.g. R156) and environ- mental (e.g. CO2 reduction), enhanced by societal pressures and uncertain in timing/type of future approval constraints (e.g. EU7 emissions, short lead time between disclosure of technical requirements and required date of compliance)”. We strive to consolidate the relationships with our strategic partners and the strengthening of our supply chain, and to collaborate to satisfy both cus- tomer and stakeholder expectations. In addition, we align the development and control over our cars and production processes with up-to-date regulatory requirements. Our integrated quality, safety and en- vironment policy has been defined within the imple- mentations and renewals of the ISO 9001:2015, ISO 45001:2018 and ISO 14001:2015 standards. The at- tention to quality aims to guarantee strategic plan- ning, design, development, production, sales and af- ter-sales service objectives of our sports cars. For more detail on ISO 45001 refer to “S1—Own work- force—Health and Safety—Our policy” and on ISO 14001 refer to “E1—Climate change—Environmental management system” paragraph. The integrated quality, safety and environment policy is applicable to the Ferrari Group. The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) is the most senior level accountable for the implementation of the policy, con- sidering the interest of clients and suppliers. Ferrari’s employees have access to the integrated policy on Ferrari intranet together with all necessary proce- dures to ensure the highest level of product safety. Through our Code of Conduct and Human Rights practices, we aim to ensure that our products and services do not compromise the health, safety, or physical integrity of our customers, as far as rea- sonably foreseeable. Furthermore, we have several internal procedures to guarantee the highest level of product safety. OUR TARGETS AND ACTIONS We aim to ensure that every step of our design and production process follows current regulations. To guarantee the compliance with applicable regulation and to achieve functionality, performance, safety and quality objectives, we develop annually a Quality Plan with operational targets. This involves several Company functions, that through the review of the previous year’s results, identify and set new ambi- tions and defines specific KPIs, monitored monthly throughout the year. As of the date of publication of this Report, no specific public targets have been set. Quality has always been at the basis of our suc- cess. With this in mind, we first certified our qual- ity management system in 1996. Over the years, we have consistently maintained this certifica- tion, positioning Ferrari among the first in Italy to adopt updates and new revisions, while continually expanding its scope within the Company. The cer- tification encompasses the planning, design, devel- opment, production, sales and after-sales service regarding our Sports Cars. Our approach to quality and continuous improvement creates a fertile envi- ronment for the development of innovative ideas

[PAGE 280]
280 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F and solutions that will improve products, methods and the working environment. The high-quality standards of our products and ser- vices are shared and followed by our suppliers and dealers to ensure that every part of our value chain contributes to client satisfaction. We manufacture and sell our cars around the world and our operations are therefore subject to a vari- ety of laws and regulations relating to environmental, health and safety and other matters. These laws regu- late our cars, including their emissions, fuel consump- tion, safety, and connectivity as well as our manufac- turing facilities and operations. We are in compliance with the relevant regula- tory requirements affecting our facilities and prod- ucts around the world. We constantly monitor such requirements and adjust our operations as necessary to remain in compliance. Our approach is to ensure the same safety level in all markets to meet the certifi- cation requirement of the most stringent country. All of our models are subject to a series of tests to obtain approval from the relevant authorities. Moreover, we start assessing all our new models at an early stage of planning and design to identify areas of improvement. To guarantee the highest level of passenger safety, we develop both passive and active safety systems. Passive safety requirements are the initial guide- lines assigned to the engineers to define the design of every component, from car framework to all the retain components (airbags, seat belts, etc.). Moreover, specific devices are installed in racing cars to obtain FIA (Federation International de l’Au- tomobile) approval. With the aim of solving issues beforehand, all of our models are subject to a series of tests to obtain approval from the relevant authori- ties. The tests are reproduced in a state-of-the-art vir- tual environment before conducting them with real cars. Furthermore, we consistently update the equip- ment to ensure their effectiveness is thoroughly monitored. All passive safety requirements aim at ensuring a high level of safety in our cars. All actions related to Passive Safety have been implemented in our vehicles and will remain in effect long-term, with regular updates as needed. We believe that the future developments of vehicle safety will be linked to traditional and well known Active Safety Systems (ABS, ESC) and modern Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS), capable of prevent- ing or mitigating crash occurrences. We are currently assessing the implementation of the most recent trends and developments in terms of simplifying and facilitat- ing the interaction between the car and the driver to avoid any distraction. ADAS are included into our entire fleet, and we are working to implement new solutions for our upcoming models, such as lane keeping assist, intelligent speed assist and driving drowsiness. All Active Safety requirements aim at ensuring the maxi- mum level of safety in our cars. The correct functional- ity of the systems is consistently monitored and verified during every scheduled maintenance of each vehicle. Driver warning system and associated reactions are continuously run during each driving task. Sensors represent another innovative solution that im- pacts vehicle safety. Indeed, sensors and the relevant know-how built over decades contribute not only to the driving thrills and performance, but also to reliability and vehicle safety, ensuring that this technology ben- efits all clients who purchase our products. Our first sensor, a position sensor, was adopted in 1980 on the Ferrari 308GTBi. Now, a Ferrari car can have hundreds of sensors, including accelerometers, gyroscopes, mi- crophones, and others, which improve vehicle dynam- ics as well as performance and driving thrills. In the near future, our cars will be equipped with new sen- sors that will allow us to further improve the existing features and enable new functions, and that will play a fundamental role in battery management, increas- ing the life of the battery as well as the safety of our cars. Moreover, extensive research and development is performed on virtual sensors that, applying Machine Learning techniques, can extend the operating field of physical sensors to furthermore enlarge the data set available to enhance performance and functionalities. Longer term, new sensors technology will allow for new applications and a step-up in performance. By combining sensors and software, it will be possible to further improve the performance and driving thrills of our cars. For instance, comparing a Ferrari with a 6D sensor and one without it, we have reduced our brak- ing distance up to 10 percent (according to the driv- ing situation) as a result of the information collected through accelerometers, gyroscopes, and the deep control vehicle software know-how. Another example is the FAST (“Ferrari Active Suspension Technology”), a technology first introduced on the Purosangue that enables our cars to apply the best suspension for every driving condition by keeping the vehicle body at the best elevation for riding. FAST controls body roll in corners and the tire contact patch over high-fre- quency bumps, while also supporting the active aero- dynamics, like in the F80, to further enhance tire grip on the road across various driving situations. The overall operational and capital expenditure allocated for these three activities was about € 24 million (please refer to the paragraph Consolidated Financial Statement) in 2024. The amount refers to soft- ware calibration (airbag control unit and brake node), physical tests on full vehicle and representative sam- ples, as well as approval and homologation crash tests. Future costs related to active and passive safety will evolve according to the relevant regulatory require- ments, while seeking to explore innovative solutions that combine dynamic performance and safety. The Group periodically initiates voluntary ser- vice actions to address client satisfaction, safety, and emissions issues related to cars sold, including through recall actions. Dealers provide after-sales services to clients, either at facilities adjacent to showrooms or in stand-alone ser- vice points across 252 facilities worldwide at December 31, 2024. After-sales activities are very important for our business to ensure the client’s continued enjoyment of the car and the experience. For that reason, Ferrari strives for continuous improvement in its after sales

[PAGE 281]
281 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F services. Therefore, we enforce a strict quality control on our dealers’ services activities, and we provide con- tinued training and support to the dealers’ service per- sonnel. This includes our team of “flying doctors”, Ferrari engineers who regularly travel to service centers to address difficult technical issues for our clients. We offer our clients a scheduled program of recom- mended maintenance services in order to ensure that the cars are maintained at the highest standards to meet our strict requirements for performance and safety. Our 7 Year Maintenance Program, free of charge on any new car since 2011, is offered to further strengthen customer retention in the official network and has been coupled with the possibility to extend the statutory war- ranty term of our standard warranty terms through the Warranty Extension starting from the 3rd year up to the 7th year and the Power Warranty Coverage, covering from the 8th year up to the 16th year of life of the car. For certain strictly limited series cars (for example, the Monza SP1 and SP2 and the Daytona SP3) we introduced a Full Warranty Coverage Extension that can be applied after the 36-month commercial contractual warranty. For hybrid models, such as the SF90 family and the 296 family, we introduced a new service called Warranty Extension Hybrid, which allows the owner to buy a com- plete coverage after the 3rd year up to the 8th, including replacement of the high voltage battery at the 8th year of life of the car. After the 8th year of life, a car (if in per- fect maintenance condition) can be included in the Main Power warranty coverage program (Maintenance and Power) through to the car’s 16th year of life. Between the 16th year of life and the Classiche eligibility (20 year old car) Ferrari provides its customers, in addition to standard maintenance items, also certain specific main- tenance kits (Ferrari Premium) to preserve car perfor- mance and safety systems. When a car follows the full maintenance program up to the 20th year of life, it auto- matically obtains the Ferrari Classiche certification. The overall operational and capital expenditure allocated for this activity was about € 100 million in 2024 (please refer to the paragraph Consolidated Financial Statement). For 2025, we have defined activ- ities aligned with the previous year, updates are pos- sible given that we plan to develop our new business plan in 2025. Please refer to the “Overview of Our Business— Regulatory Matters—Vehicle safety” paragraph for more information about vehicle safety. Expanding the view to the quality and safety of our Lifestyle products, we perform specific tests includ- ing a qualitative resistance test and a detailed chem- ical test to assess product composition. These tests are carried out on every product of our personal lux- ury goods category. ETHICS AND BUSINESS CONDUCT - TRANSPARENT INFORMATION Our clients are the backbone of our business togeth- er with our brand and our technology. In addition, and according to our Code of Conduct, reputation is one of Ferrari’s most significant assets. Therefore, all our ac- tions, inside and outside the Company, must be guided by transparency and fairness. Our clients have access to accurate and accessible product- related information, to avoid the potentially harmful misuse of products. OUR POLICY In line with our impacts, risks and opportunities, the Code of Conduct states that clear and open communication, both within the Group and with our stakeholders, is the building block of effective relationships. The practice cov- ers the following impact: “Reduced customer satisfac- tion/experience and limited customer choice in the event of lack of access to information or in the event of access to partial or misleading information”. We strive to convey accurate and comprehensive messages to our stakeholders, via the relevant depart- ments at Ferrari. Additionally, no consumers and end users have been addressed as consumers with partic- ular characteristics that may be at greater risk of harm. A specific practice on transparent communica- tion towards our clients has not been formalized. For more information about the Code of Conduct, please refer to “G1—Business Conduct—Business conduct pol- icies and corporate culture” paragraph. OUR TARGETS AND ACTIONS All of our communication and marketing activities, across different channels such as our website, social media, and events, along with all information related to our products and services, are designed to comply with applicable laws and regulations in every country we sell or operate in. All our communication channels aim at providing the highest level of transparency and fairness in information, even though specific targets have not yet been set. Annually we set specific KPIs and internal tar- gets which are monitored monthly throughout the year. We have put in place specific actions to ensure quality and fairness of information, ensuring that all employees and stakeholder, including dealers, adopt a consistent approach across all communication and marketing channels. In this context, the Marketing and Commercial and Lifestyle departments, in collaboration with the Communication department, are in charge of the direct and indirect information communicated to clients. Indeed, dealers are dedicated to promoting and marketing our cars in a manner intended to preserve the Ferrari brand integrity and to ensure the high- est level of client satisfaction as well as respecting all applicable laws and regulations on misleading adver- tising and unfair commercial practices. Through our

[PAGE 282]
282 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F in-house Ferrari Academy, we provide training to dealers for sales, after-sales and technical activi- ties. This ensures that our dealer network delivers a consistent level of market leading standards across diverse cultural environments. This activity aims at continuous improvement. For additional information on our communication and marketing strategy, please refer to the “Client Relations” and the “Sales and After Sales” paragraphs. We consistently provide information on the tech- nical and performance characteristics of our ve- hicles and will continue to do so, ensuring that cli- ents have access to useful information to make the most informed decision. These include information via the corporate website, product brochures and MyFerrari App. Brochures include detailed data on various aspects of the car, such as engine, dimen- sions, safety, technology and comfort, design and performance, including GHG emissions data. This document is part of the sales process, and it is use- ful for fully understanding technical and perfor- mance characteristics of the vehicle. In addition, in 2024 we have redesigned and developed the new and innovative MyFerrari App, available exclusively for Ferrari clients to enhance and foster their con- nection to the Ferrari world. This channel enables clients to directly access features and services, strengthening their relationship with the brand and their preferred official Ferrari dealer. The effective- ness of these activities is assessed through the con- tinuous use of these channels. Based on experience and best practices, these are the most appropriate tools to address potential negative impacts on our clients. For the future, we plan to continue this activ- ity and update these communication channels when needed. No significant operational or capital expen- ditures have been allocated to this action in 2024 or are planned for the future. Regarding GHG emissions data, these are fully compliant with current regulations. Please, refer to the “Regulatory Matters—Greenhouse gas/CO2/fuel economy legislation” paragraph. Similarly to sports cars and racing, we provide all mandatory technical and quality information about our lifestyle products on specific labels or tags according to applicable laws and regulations. DATA RESPONSIBILITY, PRIVACY AND CYBERSECURITY We regard the protection of personal data as a top priority of our organization. We respect the right to privacy of our workforce and stakeholders, under- taking to use the data and information provided in a legitimate, fair and transparent manner in accor- dance with applicable laws. In conducing our business operations, we strive to act in accordance with the current legislative frame- work that governs the processing of personal data at a global scale, including but not limited to the General Data Protection Regulation “GDPR” (EU Regulation no. 2016/679), the UK GDPR and the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 “CCPA”. The data protection legal framework has steadily developed in recent years and has brought a new awareness to privacy. Client personal data are collected for different purposes, such as the management of their vehi- cle orders, for marketing and profiling activities and for the management of the relationship of our clients, granting the highest level of care and ser- vices. These data are processed with the utmost level of confidentiality. Considering our range of clients, the compliance with the GDPR and applicable laws, the services and products offered, no consumer and no worker is clustered as “vulnerable” or at greater risk of harm. OUR POLICY We care about processing data in a safe and trans- parent manner, and in this respect, according to our Code of Conduct, we take the utmost care to protect the personal data of the individuals who are part of Ferrari and those who come into contact with us. Ferrari has adopted specific policies on Privacy and Data Protection in relation to client’s personal data processing whose recipients are all directors, man- agers, employees, temporary workers, interns, and scholarship holders of the Ferrari Group. For that reason, please refer to the “S1—Own workforce— Data Responsibility, Privacy and Cybersecurity” paragraph for further information on data protec- tion policies and practices related to client data pro- cessing activities. Moreover, for information regarding policy on human rights involving also our clients please refer to “S1—Own workforce—Human Rights”. OUR TARGETS AND ACTIONS As of today, no targets have been set, however, we constantly monitor the correct adoption of the poli- cy through KPIs on data breaches. The management of consumers and end-users’ personal data is ensured by the actions carried out by Ferrari with respect to the recipients of the policies mentioned above. Particularly, we foster an effective and prompt response to requests from data subjects, such as the implementation of OneTrust, an online portal which allows clients to make privacy requests. This also allows us to assess and monitor whether the actions implemented are appropriate in response to the risk of breaches of consumers and end-users’ data with regard to their privacy requests. Since this portal is the same one adopted for employee privacy requests, please refer to the “S1—Own workforce— Data Responsibility, Privacy and Cybersecurity” para- graph for further information. Regarding our activities on Cybersecurity, please refer to “S1—Own workforce—Data Responsibility, Privacy and Cybersecurity”.

[PAGE 283]
283 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F G1 – BUSINESS CONDUCT BUSINESS CONDUCT POLICIES AND CORPORATE CULTURE At Ferrari, we seek to develop a cooperative envi- ronment in which the dignity of each individual is respected and that embodies the highest ethical standards in business conduct. We are dedicated to maintaining a fair, secure, productive and inclu- sive workplace for all members of our workforce, in which everyone is valued for its unique contribution. The basis of Ferrari’s governance model is the Code of Conduct that embodies a set of values rec- ognized, adhered to and promoted by the Company. Ferrari believes that a conduct based on the princi- ples of diligence, integrity and fairness is a key driver for the social and economic development. Ferrari endorses the United Nations (“UN”) Decla- ration on Human Rights, the International Labor Or- ganization (“ILO”) Conventions and the Organization for Economic Co-Operation and Development (“OECD”) Guidelines for Multinational Companies. Accordingly, our Code of Conduct aims to ensure that all members of the Ferrari Group work- force act with the highest level of integrity and com- ply with applicable laws, thus contributing to build a better future for our Company and the communities in which we do business. Ferrari values are: • INDIVIDUAL AND TEAM: Our talented individuals are our greatest resource. However, they can only pursue the extraordinary by working to- gether as a team. By fostering integrity, excel- lence and generosity, we give each of our people the possibility to express their own full potential - and be part of something greater. • TRADITION AND INNOVATION: Tradition and in- novation drive each other. The ongoing quest for lasting firsts is what fuels the Ferrari legend. Our ability to combine revolutionary technological solutions with exceptional artisanal craftsman- ship is what enables us to create icons that stay timeless in a fast-changing world. • PASSION AND ACHIEVEMENT: Ferrari’s racing spirit lives on in emotions that transcend the road and the track, ultimately becoming an au- thentic attitude towards life. Nothing excites us more than setting ambitious targets and expec- tations – and then exceeding them, to push ev- ery boundary. It is how the power of passion be- comes the beauty of achievement. The values are integrated into the Code of Conduct. The Company promotes its values and corporate culture both internally, through training activities and employee engagements, and externally, by pub- lishing them on the corporate website. Ferrari’s Code of Conduct can be found on our corporate website at https://www.ferrari.com/ en-EN/corporate/code-conduct. Ferrari’s integrity system sets the elements: • Principles, set out in the Code of Conduct, that capture Ferrari’s ambition to important values in business and foundation for the corporate governance of the Ferrari Group and includes a framework comprised of the following primary personal conduct; • Practices that are the basic rules that must guide our daily behaviors in order to achieve our over- arching Principles; • Procedures that further articulate Ferrari’s spe- cific operational approaches for achieving com- pliance and that may have specific applications limited to certain geographical regions and/or businesses, as appropriate. Practices and procedures are drafted with the pre- cautionary principle in mind and are functional to the pursuit of the interests of stakeholders, who are therefore the main reference point considered in their drafting. In particular, stakeholders that have been included are those who are addressees of the practices and procedure. Our public Practices are available on the Ferrari corporate website at the fol- lowing link: https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corpo- rate/practices. Our Code of Conduct, which was updated in early 2023, also strengthening the reference to ESG aspects, has been approved by the Board of Directors of Ferrari N.V. and is applicable to the whole Ferrari Group. For information about the role of the Board of Directors related to business conduct and their expertise on business matters refers to the “ESRS 2—General disclosures—Governance” paragraph, in particular to the column “Corporate Governance and Risk management” of the Board of Director’s “Skills”. The implementation of the Code of Conduct is supervised by the FLT members, with regards to their department. The practice covers the following IROs: “Promote awareness and culture about ethics of Ferrari man- agement, employees, business partners and other

[PAGE 284]
284 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F stakeholders, through specific tools (Whistleblowing channel) and training”, “Potential non-compliance with Anticorruption Laws requirements due to external context or internal elements” and “Supply chain ESG due diligence - factors considered in selecting and monitoring suppliers on environmen- tal and social issues can have an impact on con- sumer demand, reputational risks and the ability to effectively manage sourcing”. IROs in relation to business conduct matters have been identified during the double materiality assessment with focus on certain specific elements including location, activity, sector and the structure of the transaction. The Code of Conduct applies to all Ferrari Group board members and officers, full-time and part- time employees, as well as to all temporary, contract and all other individuals and companies that act on behalf of the Ferrari Group, regardless of their loca- tion. The Code of Conduct also applies to Ferrari’s commercial partners and suppliers. Compliance with the Code of Conduct in its entirety would not be possible without their contribution and conse- quently they are required to comply with principles such as integrity, transparency and responsibility. At the beginning of 2023, Ferrari N.V. adopted a Compliance Model in order to assess and govern, at a high level, corporate responsibility laws and regu- lations that apply to the Company in all relevant juris- dictions. The Model consists of a general part that describes the governance principles and structure of the Company, and a special part that highlights the at-risk areas together with a description of the principles and specific controls implemented to pre- vent the perpetration of offenses relevant for the Company. As for the Code of Conduct, the principles set out in the Compliance Model are incorporated in our Practices and Procedures. The Compliance and Internal Audit func- tions investigate possible violations of the Code of Conduct, reported either through the Ethics Helpline and other reporting channels, or eventu- ally identified during standard audits. For additional information about such investigations, please refer to “—Whistleblowing”. In 2024, in light of the last update of the Code of Conduct occurred in February 2023, a series of train- ing activities, both online and in person, have been carried out involving our employees. Moreover, in 2024, Ferrari continued to implement a training and verification project in different departments aimed at raising awareness on the specific topic of infor- mation confidentiality safeguards. Furthermore, specific Business Ethics and Compliance (“BEC”) surveys are conducted by the Internal Audit and Compliance functions as part of audit activities carried out according to the yearly audit plan, to assess the Ferrari Group's worldwide workforce awareness of the Code of Conduct and other ethics-related procedures. In 2024, BEC surveys were conducted on topics such as: Code of Conduct, Whistleblowing procedure, Gifts and Entertainment Expenses’ Management procedure, Group Regulatory Framework and Information Confidentiality. Based on the related outcomes dedicated and targeted training sessions and awareness activities were delivered. ANTI-BRIBERY AND ANTICORRUPTION PRACTICE The Ferrari Group strives to uphold the highest standards of integrity, honesty and fairness in all in- ternal and external affairs and does not tolerate any kind of bribery. The laws of virtually all countries in which Ferrari operates prohibit bribery and any violation of anti-bribery and anticorruption laws would entail serious consequences for both companies and indi- viduals, which can result in significant fines, impris- onment of individuals and reputational damages. These principles are laid down in the Code of Conduct and the Anticorruption Compliance Practice, which officially entered into force in 2020 and applies to the entire Ferrari Group pursuant to local legislation. In particular, in line with our impacts, risks, and opportunities (please refer to paragraph “ESRS 2— General disclosures—Impacts, risks and opportuni- ties management”), the Practice aims to define prin- ciples and provide rules of conduct and controls to all Ferrari Group people in the most at-risk activities (i.e. dealing with Public Officials, dealing with suppli- ers and third parties acting on behalf of the Ferrari Group, Gifts & Hospitalities, Non-profit Initiatives, Mergers, Acquisitions and Disposals, etc) in order to prevent corruption-related crimes and ensure com- pliance with Anticorruption Laws to which Ferrari is subject. Such rules are further enhanced in internal Procedures regulating those specific areas deemed at risk from an anticorruption perspective. These Procedures include, among others: the Gifts and Entertainment Expenses Procedures; the No-Profit Initiatives Procedure; the Procedure gov- erning relations with Public Officials and Relevant Private Entities; the various Procedures governing the selection of Third Parties (e.g. suppliers, dealers, spon- sors) and the related anticorruption due diligence. The practice covers the following risk: “Potential non-com- pliance with Anticorruption Laws requirements due to external context or internal elements”. Ferrari’s policy applies to every director, officer or other employee, consultant, agent, represen- tative, supplier or business partner. It entails that none of these shall, directly or indirectly, give, offer, request, promise, authorize, solicit or accept bribes or any other perquisite (including gifts or gratuities, with the exception of commercial items universally accepted in an international context of modest eco- nomic value, permitted by applicable laws and in compliance with the Code of Conduct and all appli- cable practices and procedures) in connection with their work for Ferrari at any time or for any reason. The Internal Audit and Compliance functions pe- riodically review the Anticorruption Practice and

[PAGE 285]
285 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F monitor its implementation to ensure it operates with effectiveness. The Compliance function is entrusted to oversee the design and implementation of the Anticorruption Practice, to provide advice and guidance to person- nel on Anticorruption Laws and issues relating to bribery and corruption, to monitor the related risk and to provide support in training activities. The most senior level in the Ferrari Group that is accountable for the implementation of this practice is the FLT. The Practice has been drafted in line with the ISO 37001:2016 standard and is consistent with the United Nations Convention against Corruption. Practices and procedures are drafted with the precautionary principle in mind and are functional to the pursuit of the interests of stakeholders, who are therefore the main reference point considered in their drafting. The Anticorruption Practice has been ade- quately circulated, publicized and disseminated by Ferrari both internally and externally, also through its inclusion in the relevant contractual agreements and arrangements. Please refer to the Ferrari cor- porate website at the following link https://www.fer- rari.com/en-EN/corporate/practices. The Anticorruption Practice includes a specific section dedicated to training. Accordingly, manda- tory training programs are periodically developed by the Compliance function with the support of the Human Resources department. These train- ings have the objective of providing the necessary knowledge of Anticorruption Laws and the instruc- tions to recognize any potential criticalities to avoid questionable actions from an ethical standpoint. Please refer to the “—Whistleblowing” section, where information on reporting and addressing concerns related to business conduct is included. In 2024, there were no convictions and no fines for violation of anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, therefore, no action has been taken to address breaches in procedures and standards of anti-cor- ruption and anti-bribery. In 2024, there were no incidents in Ferrari’s value chain directly involving the Company or its employees. RISK-BASED TRAINING ACTIVITIES During 2024, dedicated trainings and awareness initiatives on various compliance topics such as an- ticorruption have been provided to our employees, with the aim to promote the consistency of their behaviors with the applicable anticorruption laws and regulations. We believe that every employee shall be informed on the applicable Anticorruption laws, so to be aware of the risks, the relevant personal and corporate responsibilities and have a clear understanding of the actions needed to tackle bribery and any poten- tial violation of such laws. Mandatory induction train- ing programs are delivered to all new joiners both in person and through a specific e-learning platform with the support of the Human Resources depart- ment. These trainings provide the necessary knowl- edge of Anticorruption laws and the instructions to recognize any potential criticalities. Nevertheless, the Compliance function monitors the level of awareness on anticorruption - and all other compliance topics, among which antitrust, pri- vacy, and confidentiality, of the entire Ferrari popula- tion, including the FLT. Indeed, every year, for all com- pliance topics, the Compliance function assesses the level of risk exposure of each area, function(38) and activity. According to the results of this assessment, in-depth training is deployed to the at-risk functions on the specific compliance topic. The training pro- grams are targeted to employees who are identified according to their roles in Ferrari and their related exposure to the concerned compliance risk. Anticorruption training has not been deployed to Board members. In 2024, the risk assessment revealed that 4 areas are the most at-risk in terms of Anticorruption top- ics: Marketing & Commercial, Racing Revenues and Purchasing & Quality, representing approximately 20 percent of the areas considered in the assessment. Consequently, tailored face-to-face training sessions and awareness activities were delivered to these areas in relation, on a case-by-case approach, to the most significant anticorruption matters, including general ethical principles, management of at-risk activities (e.g., third parties’ due diligence, gifts & hospitalities, non-profit initiatives) and the use of whistleblowing channels and processes. Within the above-mentioned areas, the percentage of at-risk functions and their members covered by the train- ing activities was assessed following an in-depth risk assessment. This process aims to safeguard individ- uals who may be exposed to such risks. The training is meticulously structured to address specific needs and it has been delivered in-person to over 90 per- cent of the members of those functions. THIRD PARTIES COMPLIANCE PRACTICE Dealing with third parties entails inherent risks, in terms of potential corporate liabilities, as well as financial and reputational damages that Ferrari may suffer as a con- sequence of unlawful conducts carried out by third parties with which it does business (“Third Parties”). Hence, Ferrari strongly believes that the capability to adequately evaluate Third Parties, as well as promptly address any threats and risk factors, represents an es- sential requirement for the protection of its assets, in- tegrity and reputation in an overall and long-term vision. Ferrari aims to collaborate with third parties that meet certain requirements both in terms of compli- ance with applicable laws and regulations and in rela- tion to ethics, integrity and transparency. In this respect, Ferrari has adopted the Third Parties Compliance Practice, that establishes the general rules of conduct that must be followed at Group level when dealing with any Third Parties, including active and passive counter- parties as well as any further Third Parties with which Ferrari may establish contractual relationships. The

[PAGE 286]
286 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F Practice involves counterparties that, according to the contractual relation with Ferrari, receive payments from or give payments to Ferrari (i.e. dealers, distrib- utors, sponsors, licensees, service centers and direct clients of vehicles, consultants, suppliers, agents) and any further third party that does business with Ferrari, whether as a legal and/or a natural person. This Practice officially entered into force in 2020 and applies to the entire Ferrari Group pursuant to local legislation. The practice covers the following risk: “Potential non-com- pliance with Anticorruption Laws requirements due to external context or internal elements”. In particular, the Third Parties Compliance Practice underlines the importance of carrying out a “compliance evaluation” before establishing any busi- ness relationship with a Third Party in order to exam- ine its ethical reliability and reputation, its involvement in a legitimate and lawful business, and its ambition to share Ferrari’s values of integrity and fairness. By adhering to the principles outlined in the Third Parties Compliance Practice, Third Parties are therefore expected not only to comply with appli- cable laws and Ferrari’s ethical principles and stan- dards, but also to become active parties towards their own employees and their respective third par- ties to disseminate a culture of compliance, integrity and transparency. The Internal Audit function carries out appropri- ate audits and controls to verify the correct imple- mentation of the Practice. The Compliance function periodically reviews the Practice and monitors its implementation to ensure it remains updated and efficient, taking into consideration any organization- al changes, emerging best practices, possible viola- tions or criticalities that have been identified. The FLT is the most senior level in the Ferrari Group that is accountable for the implementation of this Practice. No third-party standards or initiatives were used to draft the Practice. Practices and procedures are drafted with the precautionary principle in mind and are functional to the pursuit of the interests of stake- holders, who are therefore the main reference point considered in their drafting. The Third Parties Compliance Practice has been adequately circulated, publicized and disseminated by Ferrari both internally and externally, also through its inclusion in the relevant contractual agreements and arrangements. Please refer to the Ferrari cor- porate website at the following link https://www.fer- rari.com/en-EN/corporate/practices. WHISTLEBLOWING The Ferrari Group has set a specific procedure to investigate business conduct incidents, including possible cases of corruption and bribery, promptly, independently and objectively. The Whistleblowing Procedure regulates the reporting channels and the process of managing reports of possible violations originating from internal or external persons of the Ferrari Group. It contains information about the ob- jectives, scope of application, potential reporting sub- jects, operational measures to manage the reporting and to investigate reported facts and address allega- tions or incidents. It encloses assigned responsibili- ties and protection measures for whistleblowers. As described in the Code of Conduct, the Ferrari Group has adopted the Ethics Helpline, a channel which allows all stakeholders (employees, custom- ers, suppliers and partners) and any third parties to request advice and/or report concerns about alleged situations, events or actions which may be inconsis- tent with the values and principles set out in the Code of Conduct, Organizational Models, laws and regu- lations, as well as business practices and corporate rules. The allegations are assessed by the relevant departments of Ferrari and managed in accordance with the Whistleblowing Procedure, prepared on the basis of international best practices as well as appli- cable laws and regulations. As of the date of publica- tion of this Statement, we do not have any additional procedures beyond those established by the applica- ble law transposing Directive (EU) 2019/1937. The Ethics Helpline can be accessed either by phone or by web, with multiple languages available, and it is an essential element of the management pro- cess, in accordance with the Code of Conduct. It is managed by an independent provider, and it is avail- able 24 hours a day, seven days a week. We assess the effectiveness of the Ethics Helpline through the con- tinuous monitoring of the platform and the effective registration of the reports. All reported subjects and facts are processed with the utmost confidentiality, so that the individuals who report an alleged viola- tion in good faith are not subject to any form of retal- iation. In addition, in compliance with applicable local legislation, reports may also be made anonymously. We developed a dedicated online training course on Whistleblowing topics and the training course on Ferrari’s Code of Conduct also includes a section on whistleblowing, to ensure that all employees under- stand how the Ethics Helpline operates and are aware of the contents of the Whistleblowing Procedure. The training on the Whistleblowing procedure is manda- tory for all new joiners or in the event of amendments to relevant internal regulations. In addition, in line with the Compliance training approach mentioned before, specific training sessions are executed annually for those functions resulting at high compliance-related risk. For further information on this approach, please refer to paragraph “—Training & Functions at risk”. Ferrari has adopted the Whistleblowing Procedure, in line with the Directive (EU) 2019/1937 of the European Parliament and of the Council, where protection of whistle-blowers is enclosed. For this reason, G1-1 10 d is not applicable. Furthermore, Ferrari employees may also seek advice concerning the application and interpretation of the Code of Conduct by contacting the Compliance function or submitting a query to the Ethics Helpline. The reports received are classified into four cat- egories corresponding to the four main principles of the Code of Conduct: we protect people; we act

[PAGE 287]
287 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F with integrity; we are committed to operating in an environmentally responsible way; we protect the resources, the tradition and identity of Ferrari. The Internal Audit and Compliance functions, with the potential support of the Legal Affairs and Human Resources departments, as well as other business functions possibly involved, assess all allegations. The outcomes and the potential disciplinary/contrac- tual actions resulting from each allegation are then notified to the relevant internal functions. The mea- sures taken are commensurate with the seriousness of the case and comply with the applicable legislation. The Internal Audit and Compliance functions (to be collectively intended as the “Whistleblowing Team”) are independent from the chain of management involved in the report, and attend periodical training sessions to properly manage the Whistleblowing process. However, if one of the members of the Whistleblowing Team is in a situation of potential conflict of interest, he/she shall promptly declare the existence of such a situation to the other members of the Whistleblowing Team, abstaining from any activity related to the report and not being made aware of the subsequent develop- ments of the relevant activities. The report itself will be managed exclusively by the other members of the Whistleblowing Team. In the event that all members of the Whistleblowing Team are in a situation of poten- tial conflict of interest, the Audit Committee will be informed of the situation and, to guarantee the same level of independence required, the report will be han- dled by the identified corporate functions, in accor- dance with the Whistleblowing Procedure. In addition, to provide maximum transparency to the entire process, a Whistleblowing Committee has been appointed. It is composed of the Chief Human Resources Officer, the General Counsel and the Chief Internal Audit, Risk and Compliance Officer. The Whistleblowing Committee meets periodically to monitor the progress of the investigations and the implementation of the measures taken by the relevant corporate functions. Periodic reporting on whistleblowing management is provided to the Audit Committee and further internal control bodies. RESPONSIBLE PURCHASING PRACTICES We source a variety of components, raw materials, supplies, utilities, logistics and other services from numerous suppliers. We recognize the contribution of our suppliers to our success in pursuing excel- lence in terms of luxury and performance, therefore we carefully select suppliers that are able to meet our high standards. For the sourcing of certain key components with highly technological specifications, we have devel- oped strongly synergic relationships with some of our suppliers, which we consider “key strategic innovation partners”. We currently rely on selected key strategic innovation partners, including for the supply of transmissions and brakes. We have also developed strong relationships with other industrial partners for bodyworks and chassis manufactur- ing and for powertrain and transmissions, among other things. Pursuant to our make-or-buy strategy, we generally retain production in-house whenever we have an interest in preserving or developing technological know-how or when we believe that outsourcing would impair the efficiency and flexi- bility of our production process. Therefore, we con- tinue to invest in the skills and processes required for low-volume production of components that we believe improve product quality. For the year ended December 31, 2024, the purchases from our ten largest suppliers by value accounted for approximately 23 percent of total procurement costs, and no supplier accounted for more than 5 percent of our total procurement costs. Our focus on excellence, in terms of luxury, quality, aesthetics and performance, requires us to implement a responsible and efficient supply chain management to select suppliers and partners that are able to meet our high standards. Notwithstanding the low volume of cars manufactured, our produc- tion process requires a great variety of inputs entail- ing a complex supply chain management to ensure continuity of production. OUR POLICY Our relations with suppliers are governed by pur- chase contracts (including general conditions of purchase), which outline mutual responsibilities and expectations. When we sign a contract with a busi- ness partner, we extend an invitation to them to also sign the Statement of Commitment, by which sup- pliers undertake not only to comply with the pro- visions of the Code of Conduct, but also with the Anticorruption Compliance Practice and the Third Parties Compliance Practice. Furthermore, they bind themselves to comply with the Organizational, Management and Control Model laid down in the Italian Legislative Decree No. 231/2001, which aims to prevent and combat unlawful behavior. This docu- ment is fundamental to establish a clear commitment to comply with ethical principles and rules of conduct that protect both the reputation of the third part and Ferrari. It is important to underline that any non-com- pliance with the Code of Conduct may give rise to significant consequences and could be considered a serious breach. In such circumstances, Ferrari re- serves the right to terminate the contract with the entity involved, following the procedures provided for by law. Collaborating with Ferrari means sharing common values and a vision aimed at maintaining high ethical standards, thus enhancing integrity and transparency in professional relations. In this way, all partners can contribute to creating a positive and so- cially responsible working environment. To further monitor and promote a responsible sup- ply chain, we have appointed a Financial Supplier Risk Manager, who convenes a dedicated committee, the Supplier Risk Committee (“SRC”), every three months. The SRC committee is composed of, among others:

[PAGE 288]
288 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F Group CFO; Head of Purchasing; representatives of the Internal Audit, Risk and Compliance Department; Group Chief Accounting Officer; Financial Supplier Risk team; Group Treasurer; Purchasing Controller. Other entities otherwise involved, or needed for information or advice, are involved and invited to participate to the committee’s meetings when nec- essary. The SRC’s aim is to establish management guidelines for financially critical suppliers, approving current action plans and mitigation measures, re- questing further plans to address risks arising from existing or potential supply relationships. Moreover, in 2024 a new function dedicated to Sustainable Procurement was created, with the aim of managing the process of assessing Ferrari’s supply chain maturity level from an ESG perspec- tive. The function will also guarantee operational activities in support of both direct and indirect pur- chasing, including strategic & trade compliance analyses and checks. OUR ACTIONS Since 2021, we quantify our CO2eq emissions along the whole value chain. Indirect upstream GHG emissions, which account for about 55 percent of our total emis- sions, relate mainly to our supply chain procurement process. In particular, the majority of this stream comes from raw material extraction and component production. For this reason, we are developing en- gagement activities and partnerships with our sup- pliers to identify effective solutions to reduce GHG emissions and to drive the low-carbon transition. Consistent with the impacts and risks related to our supply chain, the selection of suppliers is based not only on the quality and competitiveness of their products and services, but also on their adherence to social and ethical principles. Strategic suppliers are assessed through a risk analysis that aims to identify critical suppliers, with a mix of financial-com- pliance and industrial assessments. Their growth capability is assessed to identify areas where we need to support the development of our business partners, helping them meet the Group’s requests. Furthermore, we have strengthened our supplier qualification and selection processes to verify not only their technical capability and financial solidity, but also - through a screening methodology - their reliability in terms of ethics, integrity and reputation (the so-called “Compliance Evaluation”). Before engaging a new Tier 1 supplier(39), the com- petent departments of the Ferrari Group conduct an adequate Compliance Evaluation on the potential supplier to examine its ethical reliability and reputa- tion, its involvement in a legitimate and lawful busi- ness, and its commitment to share Ferrari’s values of integrity, fairness and compliance. The Compliance Evaluation is capable of identifying potential risks for Ferrari under different perspectives, such as: anticorruption, trade sanctions, money-laundering, conflict of interests, ethics (human rights included) and reputation. At the moment, no environmental criteria are considered in supplier accounting and there have been no significant changes in the activ- ity since the prior period. The information collected enables us to identify activities to raise awareness among our suppliers, and we will continue this activ- ity in the future. No significant operational or capital expenditures have been allocated to this action in 2024 or are planned for the future. In 2024, we continued a structured engagement of our Tier 1 and Tier 2 supplier base, to collect qual- itative and quantitative information regarding their climate change impacts, specifically through Life Cycle Assessments. Most of the direct suppliers were involved to identify emission hotspots on which to focus improvement efforts. This approach aims to ensure that companies not only maintain a high level of quality in their products or services, but that they are also actively engaged in carbon reduction activities and sustainable resource management. The main objective of these engagement activities is to understand whether suppliers have clear and measurable targets for reducing their emissions in the medium and long term. It is crucial that compa- nies not only recognize the importance of sustain- ability, but that they integrate concrete strategies and practices to contribute to reducing environ- mental impacts. These initiatives are an important step towards building a network of responsible and sustainable suppliers, capable of addressing global environmental challenges and responding to the increasing consumer and regulatory expectations for sustainability. The information collected enables us to identify activities to raise awareness among our suppliers, and we will continue this activity in the future. The expected outcome of the Life Cycle Assessment approach related to carbon footprint is to create a “carbonized” bill of materials of the entire vehicle across our entire product range. This will allow us to set up a solid base to define the decarbonization roadmap of our vehicles through the identification of hot spots in our upstream value chain to be tackled with targeted actions. Product carbon footprint (PCF) will cover the Scope 3 emis- sions related to a single vehicle. These objectives are to be achieved within the 2030 Carbon Neutrality target. There is no past informa- tion because a structured questionnaire was first administered in 2024. The actions planned for the future aim to improve the quality of the final result: among these, maximizing the percentage of primary data (collected from suppliers) and switching from spend to activity-based data. No significant opera- tional or capital expenditures have been allocated to this action in 2024 or are planned for the future. Moreover, we are carrying out targeted tier-n engagement activities for all major raw material suppliers (aluminum, steel, platinum-group metals, plastics, carbon fiber), particularly on small- and medium-sized suppliers, to search for sustainable and low-carbon solutions. Ferrari aims to have direct access to materi- als and technologies with reduced environmental

[PAGE 289]
289 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F impact, by engaging and cooperating with Tier-1 and key-players of the supply chain, such as with, alumi- num and plastic suppliers. The main goal consists in developing and imple- menting the decarbonization initiatives to contribute to the achievement of the 2030 Carbon Neutrality target. This effort specifically focuses on Scope 3 Emissions Category 1 as the perimeter of action. Our purpose is to create strategic collabora- tive relationships in the field of innovation and sus- tainability. We have been working hard to establish new strategic partnerships with important players on the global scene, and as a result of these efforts, we have also created direct connections with inno- vative material manufacturers. These alliances not only expand our network of collaborations, but also give us access to cutting-edge technologies that can enrich our offering and improve its quality. We plan to engage in new projects and opportu- nities on Scope 3 category 1 by exploring innovative materials and technologies such as recycled and bio-based materials. Moreover, we plan to enlarge our decarbonization strategy toward the remaining categories of Scope 3 such as use of services and capital goods. No significant operational or capital expenditures have been allocated to this action in 2024 or are planned for the future. For further information about actions related to GHG emissions reductions please refer to “E1— Climate change—Our Strategy to Reach Carbon Neutrality by 2030” In 2024, with the continued partnership with Drive Sustainability, we were able to engage a selected base of our Tier 1 suppliers(40) (approx- imately 70 percent of active suppliers of direct materials, accounting for more than 87 percent of our Annual Purchase Value, and about 20.6 per- cent of active suppliers of indirect materials) and to collect comprehensive information on their ESG performance through a structured questionnaire. Suppliers were selected based on risk criteria (stra- tegic relevance, geographical location, company size, supplier strategy, product category or service). Through the Drive Sustainability Questionnaire (SAQ 5.0), we request detailed information on our suppliers’ social and environmental practices. The questionnaire includes basic questions about their code of ethics, human rights policies and the pres- ence of formal complaint handling mechanisms or procedures. In addition, we ask for specific details on workers’ health and safety to verify the pres- ence of high standards in the treatment of human resources. In addition to social aspects, the question- naire also addresses environmental issues, focusing on responsible sourcing of raw materials and sus- tainable management of the entire value chain. The objective of this activity is to create the first- level risk assessment upon which we will structure our due diligence activities. During 2024, we submitted the questionnaire to direct material suppliers(41) who did not respond to the first survey and we extended it to additional 138 direct material suppliers. In this way we involved suppliers accounting globally over 96 percent of our direct materials 2024 Annual Purchasing Value (APV). The information collected enables us to iden- tify activities to raise awareness among our suppli- ers. We plan to continue this initiative in the future by involving in 2025 the Indirect Materials Suppliers who did not respond to the first Survey. Additionally, we plan to enlarge the scope to address the Due Diligence requirements of new regulations like EU Batteries Regulation and Deforestation Regulation. In the future, the Drive Sustainability questionnaire might also be used for assessing and selecting new suppliers. No significant operational or capital expenditures have been allocated to this action in 2024 or planned for the future. The actions described above are the starting point of a structured ESG due diligence activity, which will be extended to all suppliers in the coming years. PAYMENT PRACTICES We generally pay our supplier within 60 days from the date of the invoice or from the end of the month when the invoice has been issued (standard payment terms), but single set of terms are usually agreed with suppliers of both services and material. The percentage of payments aligned with standard pay- ment terms (within 60 days) is 95 percent, and for the SMEs the percentage does not differ significantly. Ferrari does not have a formal policy with regard to late payments, however, it adopts clear and well-defined procedures for managing payments to suppliers, especially to small and medium enter- prises (SMEs - Small and Medium Enterprises(42)). The Days Payable Outstanding (DPO) is 65 days. Considering SMEs only, the average number of days are the same. These data refer to all payment transactions made to third party suppliers only through cash outflows or offsets by Ferrari S.p.A. in 2024, and the above indicated DPO is computed as the average number of days recorded between the date when the contractual or statutory terms of payment for each invoice starts to be calculated and the actual payment date, weighted by the amount of the invoice. The payment of certain invoices may occur after the original due date as a result of addi- tional verification and control procedures that may be required for certain purchases prior to paying. As of December 31, 2024, there were no out- standing legal proceedings for late payments.

[PAGE 295]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 295 BOARD REPORT RISK MANAGEMENT PROCESS AND INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEM Our risk management approach is an important business driver and it is integral to the achieve- ment of the Group’s long-term business plan. We take an integrated approach to risk management, where risk assessment is part of the leadership team agenda. The Board of Directors is responsible for considering the ability to control and manage risks crucial to achieve its identified business tar- gets and to ensure continuity of the Group. For this reason, Ferrari has developed varying appetites to achieve different strategic objectives, focusing at- tention at all relevant risk levels, from risk manage- ment to internal control. To assess risks affecting the Company’s activ- ities and the effectiveness of the internal control system, Ferrari has in place an internal control and risk management system (the “System”) based on the model provided by the COSO Framework (“Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission Report—Enterprise Risk Management model”) and the principles of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code. Our System consists of a set of rules, procedures and organizational structures aimed at contributing proactively to the following objectives: • safeguard of Ferrari’s heritage; • efficient and effective management of the Group in line with corporate strategies; • reliability, accuracy and integrity of the infor- mation provided to corporate bodies and to the market; and • compliance with the current laws and regula- tions, with the Company’s Statute and Articles of Association and with the internal procedures of the Group. Contributing to informed and consistent deci- sion-making as well as to the spread of a correct knowledge of risks, legality and corporate values, the System plays a central role in the corporate or- ganization, supporting the Company’s management in alignment with the corporate objectives as de- fined by the Board of Directors. FERRARI’S ORGANIZATION OF THE INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM The System involves a plurality of organizational units and actors, requiring both coordination among each other and room to operate interdependent- ly, guaranteeing complementarity in the objectives pursued and in the rules of operation. In order to ensure the adequateness of the System, Ferrari has allocated roles and responsi- bilities among the relevant organizational units and actors based on the international best practice of the “Three Lines of Controls Model”. Each line of control has different functions with clearly defined boundaries: • The first line of control identifies, assesses and manages the relevant risks and subse- quently elaborates and implements specific response actions. It comprises the set of con- trol activities that each operating unit applies to their processes to ensure operations are carried out properly. Such activities, the pri- mary responsibility of which lies with the man- agement of the applicable operating units, are considered an integral part of corporate op- erations. This first line of control comprises core business Risk Owners, staff functions Risk Owners and by the Ferrari Leadership Team. The managers of each operating unit are re- quired, within the scope of their activities and responsibilities, to ensure the System functions properly and effectively; • The second line of control monitors the main risks to ensure the controls implemented by the first line are appropriate and effective. It also provides support to the first line of control in the identification and assessment of the main risks, as well as in the implementation of management procedures, and related controls, necessary to address those risks. This control line is entrust- ed to compliance, strategic, operational and reporting functions. Additionally, on a case-by- case basis and depending on the significance of the risk, specific corporate departments can be assigned tasks pertaining to the second-line concerning specific risk areas; • The third line of control provides for indepen- dent and objective assurance and advisory ac- tivities, and it is aimed at assessing the adequacy of internal control, risk management and cor- porate governance processes according to a risk-based approach. Third-line controls and ac- tivities fall within the remit of the Internal Audit department which carries out checks on the structure and effectiveness of the System. The Board of Directors designs, implements, and maintains internal risk management and control sys- tems. In executing such responsibilities, it is assist- ed by the Audit Committee, which is responsible for advising the Board of Directors and acts under the authority delegated by the Board of Directors with reference to internal controls and risk management systems. The Ferrari Leadership Team is responsible for the deployment and maintenance of a risk manage- ment system across our business functions. The Ferrari Leadership Team is a managerial group led by the CEO and composed of the heads of the var- ious corporate departments; it reviews the risk management framework and the Company’s key global risks on a regular basis. For risks deemed to be significant, comprehensive risk response plans

[PAGE 296]
296 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F are developed and reviewed on a regular basis to ensure the actions are relevant and sufficient. Our risk management framework is discussed with the Group’s Audit Committee on a regular basis. Moreover, the Company has adopted a specific Internal Control and Risk Management System Policy, approved by the Audit Committee in May 2023, with the aim to provide for a clear attribution of respon- sibilities relating to the governance, monitoring and reporting of the main risks and interrelationships between the organizational units and the bodies responsible for risk management and control. As noted above, the System involves a plurality of departments and actors: its correct function- ing depends on productive interactions between such units and people. It is therefore important to establish methods of coordination and collabora- tion between the various departments and people involved to facilitate both the overall functioning of the System as well as unambiguous and consistent reporting of the risks to which the Group is exposed to the top management and the relevant corporate bodies. With this goal in mind, in December 2023, our System was enhanced with the creation of a new department tasked with coordinating the system as a whole: the Internal Audit, Risk and Compliance Department, which reports directly to the CEO and works to ensure, in an integrated manner, that busi- ness operations are conducted with transparency, in the interests of shareholders and all stakeholders. The Internal Audit, Risk and Compliance depart- ment reports to the Chief Internal Audit, Risk & Compliance Officer, who in turn reports to the CEO, and comprises the following groups: • Enterprise Risk Management, the purpose of this group is to create an organized system for identi- fying, assessing, managing, and monitoring major risks that could compromise the achievement of our strategic, operational and financial objectives. • Compliance, the purpose of which is to ensure that the actions taken within the Company are consistent with the applicable rules of ethics, laws and regulations, as well as Ferrari’s internal pro- cedures, in order to increase the confidence of stakeholders in the fairness of our management. • Internal Audit, the purpose of which is to pro- vide an independent and objective assessment of the adequacy of our Internal Control and Risk Management System as well as of the efficiency of operations conducted within Ferrari. This is achieved through the execution of, among oth- ers, operational, compliance, financial and tech- nology audits as well as consulting activities de- signed to enhance and protect company assets and relevant information also providing support to internal stakeholders in the implementation of projects, as applicable. The Internal Audit func- tion continues to report to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of Ferrari N.V. • Ferrari has established an Internal Control Committee with the aim of supervising the System and facilitating an integrated approach to risks and controls by the function involved and other departments that perform control activities. The Internal Control Committee meets at least on a quarterly basis and is composed of the CFO (Chairman), the General Counsel, the Chief Digital Transformation Officer, the Chief Internal Audit, Risk and Compliance Officer, the Chief Human Resources Officer, the Chief Accounting Officer and represen- tatives from the following departments: Investor Relations and Sustainability, Group SOX, Internal Audit, Enterprise Risk Management, Compliance, Tax Risk and Enterprise Cybersecurity. FERRARI’S ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT PROCESS The Ferrari ERM system is based on the above men- tioned COSO Framework. The Ferrari Enterprise Risk Management sys- tem is oriented by and structured in six different components: • Risk Governance: a structure through which our organization directs, manages and reports its risk management activities. The Risk Governance structure encompasses clearly defined roles and responsibilities, decision-making powers, risk operating model and reporting lines. • Risk Culture: the values and the attitude con- sistent with our risk management culture are communicated and understood at all levels of the organization, with the aim of increasing the diffusion of a risk culture, fostering a common risk language and the sharing of information and experiences related to risks. • Risk Strategy & Appetite: our risk management principles are intended to enable the achieve- ment of our business plan, goals and strategic objectives. Our risk appetite is balanced through risk tolerance, limits and associated protocols to be activated in case of a breach, to ensure risk levels’ control within our organization. • Risk Assessment & Measurement: established activities that allow Ferrari to identify, assess and quantify potential risks on a regular basis. This activity allows Ferrari to consider the potential impact that events may have on the achievement of the Company’s objectives. Risks are assessed using likelihood, impact, preparedness and ve- locity level criteria. • Risk Management & Monitoring: management’s response to manage, mitigate, avoid, share or accept risk. Risk management efforts create val- ue through information on risks and controls to improve business performance. Systematically monitoring the identified risks and management activities against established metrics allows for timely and proactive response where warrant- ed. Key Risk Indicators (“KRIs”) are reviewed to ensure their consistency with the identified risks

[PAGE 297]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 297 BOARD REPORT and their trends are analyzed to identify needs for further remediation plans. KRIs are monitored each trimester, semester, or year, where the fre- quency of monitoring depends on a series of ele- ments such as: being connected to company top risks, frequency of change, data availability. • Risk Reporting: reporting of risk and related information (e.g. mitigation activities) provides genuine insight into the strengths and weakness- es of the risk management process. Disclosure of risk management information to key internal and external stakeholders supports the deci- sion-making processes. RISK STRATEGY & APPETITE The risk appetite of Ferrari (i.e., the level of risk that Ferrari is willing to accept to achieve its objectives) is applied to our strategy, Code of Conduct, corporate values and policies. Such risk appetite is measured and tracked thanks to the so-called “Risk Appetite Framework”. The Risk Appetite Framework is integrated in all corporate decision-making levels. It defines Ferrari’s risk profile, provides explicit boundaries to risk levels within which the management is expected to safely operate, and iteratively reviews risk values, metrics, and limits. The risks, divided into specific categories as set out in the table below, are all relevant to the Ferrari business in different ways and their order of appearance does not reflect a ranking by significance. Risk category Risk description Overall appetite Risk appetite statement Strategic risks (S) Risks which affect or are created by Ferrari’s business strategy and could affect Ferrari’s long-term positioning and performance. Moderate Ferrari is willing to accept moderate risks in order to achieve its strategic objectives. Ferrari recognizes the need of continuing to invest in research and development to design and build technically innovative, aesthetically iconic and highly performing cars able to deliver the most “driving thrills” and feature design excellence. Strategic risks are taken in a responsible way considering all stakeholders’ interests in order to preserve Ferrari’s brand exclusivity, a high level of demand, the unique customer experience and the current technological and regulatory trends. Operational risks (O) Risks which impact the internal processes, people, systems and/or external resources of the organization and affect Ferrari’s ability to implement its business plan. Moderate Ferrari seeks to minimize operational risks on its business plans by implementing a manufacturing system capable of flexibly meeting expected targets, maintaining a quality of products and services in line with Ferrari’s customers’ expectations, developing and retaining talents within the organization, securing business continuity as well as production line performances and ensuring the adequacy of our business partners. Financial risks (F) Risks which include areas such as valuation, currency, liquidity, commodity and impairment risks. Low Ferrari has a cautious approach with respect to financial risks. Ferrari continuously seeks to improve and strengthen its financial position in order to generate the required cash to finance its operations and reward its stakeholders. Compliance risks (C) Risks of non-compliance with laws, regulations, local standards, code of conduct, internal policies and procedures. Zero tolerance Ferrari does not tolerate infringements of, and abides to, all applicable laws and regulations through the implementation of preventive measures and the rigorous enforcement of its internal Code of Conduct. This ensures that ethics and integrity are respected and the promotion of its values. Reputational risks (R) Risks which affect Ferrari’s brand image, credibility and/ or integrity Zero tolerance Ferrari strives to protect and enhance its reputation by mitigating all the potential threats that could influence Ferrari’s reputation, credibility and the operational integrity, while constantly increasing its brand awareness. Health, Safety and Environmental risks (H) Risks which affect health and safety and the environment Zero Tolerance Ferrari does not tolerate risks that could have effect on its employees or clients as well as on the surrounding environment.

[TABLE] Risk category | Risk description | Overall appetite | Risk appetite statement

[PAGE 298]
298 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F INTEGRATED RISK ASSESSMENT The integrated risk assessment, which is carried out annually, is a structured and systematic pro- cess for identifying, assessing and prioritizing main corporate risks. Different departments of the System are involved in the process to obtain a shared and com- plete picture of risk exposure and to prevent over- laps in the activities which must be performed. The integrated risk assessment consists of the following activities: • Identification and description of the main risks that could affect achievement of corporate ob- jectives, grouped by business area, organization- al department, functional area, and, where nec- essary, process. • Performance of risk assessment and analysis: a. at inherent-risk level, i.e. without considering mitigation actions in place, and b. at residual-risk level, i.e. taking into account action taken to mitigate the risk. In performing the analysis at inherent and residual lev- el, we analyze the potential impact, i.e. the potential con- sequences when a risk manifest itself, as well as the po- tential probability and velocity of this happening. Risk events are measured and assessed accord- ing to the following parameters: • likelihood, intended as the probability that and event may occur; it can be measured in one of three different metrics: quantitative, qualitative or frequency; • impact, intended as the effect on company tar- gets and operations of a risk event involving the Strategic, Financial, Compliance, Health & Safety, Environmental or Operational and Reputational component of the business; • preparedness, intended as the maturity and efficiency of the existing risk management sys- tems and processes relevant to that risk event; • velocity, defined as the time that elapses be- tween the occurrence of a certain risk event and the point at which the company first feels its ef- fects. The results of each risk assessment are consol- idated on a risk heat map which combines the afore-mentioned variables to offer an immediate picture of most relevant events and determine their priority and risk treatment methods. KEY RISKS A non-exhaustive summary of risks and uncer- tainties faced by Ferrari are described in the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report. In this section we have identified one risk for each risk category providing examples of control and mitigation actions implemented by the Company to reduce risks overall exposure.

[PAGE 299]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 299 BOARD REPORT The list of risks, control measures and mitigating actions presented below is not exhaustive. The sequence in which these risks and mitigating actions are described does not reflect any order of importance, likelihood of occurrence or control measures effectiveness. Risk category Risk Risk description Control / Mitigating Actions Strategic risks (S) Technology, Product and Regulation The introduction of electric technology in our cars is costly and its long-term success is uncertain. A failure in the challenge to make Ferrari new electric models appealing, in renewing style over time, in differentiating ICE from hybrid/electric cars and in differentiating new models from older models could impact our ability to meet the tastes of clients and prospects. • Heavy investments in R&D to maintain leading position in high performance car technology and our competitive position • As technologies change, Ferrari upgrades and adapts its cars through the introduction of new models to keep providing cars with the latest and best-in-class technology • Car pricing strategies to recoup the investments and expenditures sustained in product and technology development • Monitoring of luxury car market, technological evolution, social trends (for example connectivity expectations) and changes in our customer experiences to offer the most appealing future models possible Operational risks (O) Production Disruption All cars and engines are internally manufactured at our production facility in Maranello. We manufacture all of car chassis in a nearby facility in Modena. Our Maranello or Modena plants could become unavailable permanently or temporarily for a number of reasons, including contamination, power shortage, labor strikes or events related to information technology business continuity. If major disasters such as earthquakes, fires, floods, hurricanes, wars, terrorist attacks, pandemics or other events occur, our headquarters, as well as our Formula 1 activities and production facilities, may be seriously damaged, or we may have to stop or delay the production and shipment of our cars. • In the last 15 years, Ferrari increased investments to reduce the extent of possible damages from earthquakes and fires and has been implementing different activities to mitigate climate change risks. For example, to mitigate floods risk, the Company has implemented alert systems to monitor possible floods near corporate facilities as well as floods management tools like flow diverters and pumps • To avoid impacts on the information technology business continuity Ferrari implemented disaster recovery plans • Insurance coverages have been structured to avoid financial impacts from natural events • Safety stock for critical components Financial risks (F) Exchange Rate Fluctuations, Interest Rate Changes, Commodity Prices, Credit Risk and Other Market Risks Ferrari operates in numerous markets worldwide and is exposed to market risks stemming from fluctuations in currency and, to a lesser extent, interest rates and commodity prices. The exposure to foreign exchange rate risks is mainly linked to our cash flow from revenues denominated in currencies different from the ones connected to purchases or production activities. We incur a large portion of our capital and operating expenses in Euro while we receive the majority of our revenues in currencies other than Euro. • Foreign exchange hedging instruments authorized within the Company’s foreign exchange risk management policy • Monitoring interest rate movements for hedging purposes and execution of the foreseen interest rate caps • Commodity hedging instruments defined and authorized for specific commodities’ price exposure risk • Credit approval policies applied to dealers and retail clients • Bank guarantees, pre-payments (also title of the vehicle for the financial services business Compliance risks (C) Non- compliance with Laws, Regulations, Local Standards and Codes We are subject to comprehensive and constantly evolving laws, regulations and policies throughout the world. We expect that legal and regulatory requirements affecting our business and our costs of compliance will continue to increase significantly in scope and complexity in the future. Evolving regulatory requirements could significantly affect our product development plans and may limit the number and types of cars we sell and where we sell them, which may adversely affect our revenue and operating results. • Increasing knowledge and awareness of laws, regulations, standards and codes through specific training and/or internal communication to the relevant departments • Specific project teams activated in case of new requirements to put in place the required organizational and process changes • Increasing internal compliance awareness and effective communication between central compliance team and managers working at the subsidiary level • Communicating and implementing business conduct standards internally • Maintaining a global whistle blower procedure • Training activities in order to increase awareness of personal data management • Internal organizational structure focused on privacy and adoption of a procedural system focused on privacy matters

[TABLE] Risk category | Risk | Risk description | Control / Mitigating Actions

[PAGE 300]
300 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F Reputational risks (R) Brand Image The preservation and enhancement of the value of the Ferrari brand is crucial in driving revenue and demand for our cars. The perception and recognition of the Ferrari brand are of strategic importance and depend on many factors such as design, technology, performance, quality and image of our cars, as well as the appeal of our dealerships and stores, the success of our client activities, and our general profile, including our brand’s image of exclusivity. • Structured process of selection and management of business partners (e.g. selection of licensing-franchising partners, preventive controls on suppliers, enhancement of the client community, Ferrari Academy training center for dealers, etc.) • Preservation of brand value (e.g. with an internal function dedicated to monitoring and maximizing the residual value of Ferrari cars, monitoring of pre-owned market and estimating evolution of residual values, etc.) • Social media management (e.g. close monitoring of social media and Ferrari perception, adoption of a Ferrari Social Media Practice) • Adoption of a Ferrari Social Media Practice Health, Safety and Environmental risk (H) Climate Change We are subject to climate-related risks in the conduct our business. Physical impacts of climate change, including natural disasters and adverse weather, could result in disruptions to us, our suppliers, vendors, customers and logistics hubs. These risks may also exacerbate other risks, some of which described in the “Risk Factors” section of this Annual Report, including but not limited to our competitiveness, products’ demand, consumer preferences, availability and price of raw materials. • Mapping our direct and indirect emissions • Mapping specific suppliers’ carbon footprint and raising awareness to improve bottom up information sharing by requiring both current carbon footprint and reduction roadmap • Identification of co-designers and new innovation / product development activities, also considering CO2 potential impacts • Scenario analysis of physical and transitional climate change risks, covering the 2030 to 2050 period, to build an effective resilience strategy • Monitoring fleet emissions over time RISK MANAGEMENT & MONITORING Ferrari has adopted a specific framework (called “Risk Response Strategy”) to define specific mitiga- tion plans for each relevant risk identified through the yearly integrated risk assessment, as described above. The first line of control is responsible for iden- tifying and implementing the mitigation action able to reduce the company risk exposure. Enterprise Risk Management department: • supports the first line of control in identifying and implementing the mitigation actions; • evaluates the effectiveness of mitigation actions to reduce the company risk exposure. For each relevant risk identified, one of the following risk response strategy is assigned to such risk: • Reduce: to reduce the residual risk exposure; • Avoid: to avoid the residual risk exposure; • Share: to transfer/share the residual risk expo- sure; • Accept: no further actions plan to be defined, monitoring of operational activities. Enterprise Risk Management department moni- tors on regular basis the mitigation actions status to promptly evaluate the updated risk exposure for each relevant risk identified. The results of periodi- cal mitigation actions status monitoring are report- ed to Ferrari Leadership Team. RISK REPORTING Ferrari has developed a clear framework of infor- mation flows to corporate governance and control bodies to provide with timely and appropriate infor- mation concerning both the results and any trouble encountered during the activity carried out by the different departments involved in internal control and risk management system, so that the Corporate Governance and Control Bodies (e.g. Audit Committee and Internal Control Committee) can evaluate the necessary corrective actions without delay. In particularly, the risk map derived from the Integrated Risk Assessment is first shared with the top management and then presented to the Group’s Audit Committee, with focus on the relevant risk areas, the mitigation activities implemented, any management strategies that must be adopted and their priority. INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING Starting from October 2015, Ferrari N.V. is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), while from January 2016 Ferrari N.V. is also listed on the Euronext Milan (formerly Mercato Telematico Azionario, or MTA). Our shares’ listing on regulated markets involves being compliant with the related securities regula- tions and listing rules. In particular, publicly traded companies filing financial statements with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission are required to comply with the Sarbanes Oxley Act require- ments, in particular sections 302, 404 and 906 that involve a periodical management assessment of internal controls and CEO and CFO Certifications of Periodic Financial Reports and SEC Filings. In addi- tion, our independent registered public accounting firm is also required to report on the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting. Under the COSO Internal Control-Integrated Framework, according to which the internal con-

[PAGE 302]
302 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F trol system is defined as a set of rules, procedures and tools designed to provide reasonable assur- ance of the achievement of corporate objectives, Ferrari has developed an Internal Control System over the Financial Reporting in order to assure completeness, accuracy and reliability of the group financial reporting. Within the abovementioned context, identifi- cation and evaluation of the risk of misstatements which could have material effects on financial reporting is carried out through a risk assessment process that uses a top-down approach to iden- tify the organizational entities, processes and the related accounts, in addition to specific activities that could potentially generate significant errors. Under the methodology adopted by the Company, risks and related controls are associated with the accounting and business processes upon which accounting information is based. Significant risks identified through the assess- ment process require definition and evaluation of key controls that address those risks, thereby mit- igating the possibility that financial reporting will contain any material misstatements. In accordance with international best practices, the Group has two principal types of control in place: • controls that operate at Group or subsidiary lev- el, such as delegation of authorities and respon- sibilities, separation of duties, and assignment of access rights to information technology sys- tems; and • controls that operate at process level, such as authorizations, reconciliations, verification of consistencies, etc. This category includes con- trols for operating processes, controls for finan- cial closing processes and controls carried out by specific service providers. These controls can be preventive (i.e., designed to prevent er- rors or fraud that could result in misstatements in financial reporting) or detective (i.e., designed to reveal errors or fraud that have already oc- curred). These controls may also be classified as manual or automatic, such as application-based controls relating to the technical characteristics and configuration of information technology systems supporting business activities. An assessment of the design and operating ef- fectiveness of key controls is carried out through tests performed periodically during the year, both at Group and subsidiary level, using sampling tech- niques recognized as best practices internationally. The assessment of the controls may require the definition of compensating controls and plans for remediation and improvement. The results of moni- toring are subject to periodic review by the manager responsible for the Company’s financial reporting and communicated by him to senior management and to the Audit Committee. REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS INTRODUCTION The description below summarizes the guidelines and the principles followed by Ferrari in order to define and implement the remuneration policy ap- plicable to the executive Directors and non-execu- tive Directors of the Company, as well as members of the Ferrari Leadership Team (FLT). In addition, this section provides the remuneration paid to these individuals for the year ended December 31, 2024. The form and amount of compensation re- ceived by the Directors of Ferrari for the year end- ed December 31, 2024 was determined in accor- dance with the remuneration policy. The Compensation Committee oversees the remuneration policy, remuneration plans and prac- tices of Ferrari and recommends changes when appropriate. The Committee is solely comprised of non-executive Directors who are independent pur- suant to the Dutch Corporate Governance Code (the “Code”). Through this document, Ferrari aims to provide its stakeholders with a high level of trans- parency and disclosure in order to strengthen the trust they and the market place in Ferrari, as well as provide them with the information they need to assess the Company’s remuneration principles and exercise shareholders’ rights in an informed man- ner. The Company may from time to time amend the remuneration policy, subject to our sharehold- ers’ approval when necessary. This Compensation Report consists of two sections: Remuneration strategy: our current remunera- tion policy (which is available on our corporate web- site) governs compensation for both executive and non-executive Directors. In 2024, Ferrari confirmed these remuneration features through the positive vote expressed by shareholders in the Annual General Meeting held on April 17, 2024 (the “2024 AGM”). Our current remuneration strategy further strengthens the alignment with shareholders’ inter- ests and long-term sustainability of our business, adopting certain updates to reflect developing best practices in the Code. Implementation of remuneration strategy: details how remuneration features have been imple- mented during the 2024 financial year and actual remuneration received by each executive Director and non-executive Director. In 2024, there was no deviation from the remuneration policy.

[PAGE 303]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 303 BOARD REPORT (1) REMUNERATION STRATEGY FOR THE 2024 FINANCIAL YEAR Our remuneration policy is aligned with Dutch law and the Code. In particular, the Code requires listed companies to disclose certain information about the compensation of their Board and execu- tive Directors. Through this remuneration strategy, Ferrari fulfills the requirements of the Code ensur- ing full transparency with our shareholders. REMUNERATION PRINCIPLES The main goal of Ferrari’s remuneration strategy is to develop a system which consistently supports the business strategy and value creation for all sharehold- ers, establishing a compensation structure that allows us to attract and retain the most highly qualified exec- utive talents and motivate such executives to achieve business and financial goals that create long-term val- ue for shareholders in a manner consistent with our core business and leadership values and taking into account the social context around the Company. In defining the remuneration strategy, the Compensation Committee has taken into account certain principles which characterize Ferrari’s remuneration policy, such as: 1. the identity, mission and values of the Company, to attract, retain and reward skilled women and men who constitute the soul of the Company. Their passion, courage, creativity, ambition and pride constitute the essence of Ferrari and fuel its legend to ever greater heights. Being Ferrari means being part of a unique future-focused team in which people are the most valuable re- source. Together with all our employees we have crafted the vision, mission and values that are the very essence of being part of Ferrari and which guide our employees as we tackle our day-to-day challenges; 2. the provision of statutory requirements, with specific focus on the Shareholder Rights Directive (Directive (EU) 2017/828) and the imple- mentation thereof into Dutch law; 3. international competitive remuneration market trends, based on the idea that it is becoming in- creasingly challenging to attract and retain em- ployees in today’s competitive labor market. For our executive Directors and members of the FLT, fixed remuneration, short-term incentive oppor- tunities and long-term incentive opportunities are calculated based on the position and respon- sibilities assigned to each, taking into account average remuneration levels on the market for positions with similar levels of responsibility and managerial complexity in large internation- al companies, in order to maintain high levels of competitiveness and engagement; 4. corporate governance and executive remuner- ation best practices as expressed by institutional investor guidelines, developing a remuneration policy compliant with the Code and the interest of Ferrari’s shareholders. We analyze any gaps in each of our remuneration components in or- der to provide a high level of alignment with the main guidelines of our stakeholders; 5. the societal context around and social support in respect of the Company, developing a specif- ic focus on trends in sustainability among our employees. We aim to provide a healthy and safe workplace for all employees and stakeholders by implementing a high level of safety standards to avoid potential risks to people, assets or the envi- ronment, in order to guarantee an optimal work- ing environment for all employees and attract the best talents. Our results in this field reflect, once again, our strategic commitment to protecting the environment and ensuring personal safety; 6. the views of the Board of Directors, members of the FLT, other senior leaders and all employ- ees, in order to make the health and safety of the Company’s employees essential to the success- ful conduct and future growth of the Company. In this respect and in line with the Code, the inter- nal pay ratio is an important input for determining the remuneration for the Board of Directors; and 7. the centrality for Ferrari of value creation and the interest of our shareholders, the importance of which is recognized through the use of Total Shareholder Return (TSR) as a performance met- ric in the Company’s long-term incentive plans. The Compensation Committee believes that the use of relative TSR remains one of the most ap- propriate measures of long-term performance for Ferrari. The structure of our PSU awards demonstrates the centrality of this factor and helps to promote a strong correlation between pay and performance for our executives.

[PAGE 304]
304 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 01 Alignment with Ferrari Strategy Compensation is strongly linked to the achievement of target aligned with the Company's publically disclosed objectives. 02 Pay For Performance Compensation must reinforce our performance driven culture and meritocracy. Our incentive plans are based on peer and market benchmarked performance metrics. 03 Competitiveness Programs are designed to recruit, motivate and reward Executive Directors and members of the SMT delivering operational and strategic performance over time. Compensation program provisions and financial objectives are evaluated on an annual basis and modified in accordance with industry and business conditions. 04 Long-Term Shareholder Value Creation Target triggering any variable compensation payment aligned to interests of shareholders. Our compensation structure places an appropriate amount of compensation at risk based on long-term results. 05 Compliance Ferrari compensation policies and plans are designed to comply with applicable laws and corporate governance requirements. The main principles of Ferrari’s remuneration policy are outlined in the chart below: OVERVIEW OF REMUNERATION ELEMENTS As anticipated above, Ferrari’s current remuneration policy was approved by shareholders at the 2024 AGM and will be resubmitted to a vote by the Company’s General Meeting at least every four years. The struc- ture of the remuneration applicable to our executive Directors, non-executive Directors and other key management under Ferrari’s remuneration policy has not changed in 2024 and consists of the following elements: (i) Fixed Remuneration linked to the third pillar of Ferrari’s remuneration policy (Competitiveness) with the objective of attracting, retaining and motivating our qualified executives and effective leaders. For this reason, we periodically bench- mark comparable salaries paid to executives with similar experience by comparable companies; (ii) Short-Term Incentives (STI) linked to the first and second pillars of Ferrari’s remuneration policy (Alignment with Ferrari’s Strategy and Pay for Performance) and tied to specific finan- cial targets which are set at challenging levels; short-term incentives are also linked to the con- tribution of the individual member (Individual Performance Factor) in order to motivate its ben- eficiaries to achieve challenging targets. In par- ticular, Ferrari’s 2024 achievements, success and developments were driven by organization-wide alignment with the Company’s strategy and val- ues, through incentives that reward the achieve- ment of those goals; (iii) Long-Term Incentives (LTI) linked to the first and fourth pillars of Ferrari’s remuneration policy (Alignment with Ferrari’s Strategy and Long-Term Shareholder Value Creation) with the aim to align the behavior of executives critical to the business with shareholders’ interests, motivate executives to achieve long-term strategic objectives, and en- hance retention of key resources; (iv) Non-Monetary Benefits which are related to the overall remuneration and linked to the third pillar of Ferrari’s remuneration policy (Competitiveness). Ferrari’s remuneration policy provides that a sub- stantial portion of the compensation of our executive Directors and members of the FLT should be “at-risk”, meaning that each will receive a certain percentage of his or her total compensation only to the extent Ferrari and the executive accomplish short- and long-term goals established by the Compensation Committee.

[PAGE 305]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 305 BOARD REPORT The Compensation Committee regularly reviews the Directors’ remuneration policy against the best corporate governance practices adopted by institutional shareholders and the recommendations of the main proxy advisors, while also considering the view of the stakeholders on the remuneration policy and main features of the compensation report. In this respect, at the 2024 AGM shareholders approved the remuneration report for the year 2023 (the “2023 Ferrari Remuneration Report”) and the voting results are reflected in the following table: Resolution Votes For % Votes Against % Votes Total Abstain 2.d - Remuneration Report 2023 (discussion and advisory vote) 202,247,427 99.16043% 1,712,394 0.83957% 203,959,821 584,565 Considering the previous vote of the Annual General Meeting of shareholders and to further understand shareholders’ feedback to the 2023 Ferrari Remuneration Report, we engaged with our stakeholders prior to drafting the remuneration report for the year 2024. We believe that those conversations have been very constructive and have led to improvements in our remuneration report. Through this remuneration report we continue to pursue our objective of providing our stakeholders each year with clear and comprehensive disclosure of the decisions relating to the remuneration of our executive and non-executive Directors and members of the FLT. The remuneration report for the year 2024 is subject to a consultative vote at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders scheduled for April 16, 2025.

[PAGE 306]
306 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F REMUNERATION STRUCTURE FOR 2024 AND OUTLOOK 2025 The purpose and features of the different elements of our remuneration structure for 2024 which will remain unchanged for 2025 are outlined in the table below: Component Purpose Terms and Conditions Remuneration Structure Attract, retain and motivate highly qualified executives to achieve challenging results Competitively position our compensation package compared to the compensation of comparable companies, mainly represented by the reference panel and companies that compete for similar Talents Reinforce our performance driven culture and meritocracy • Ferrari’s remuneration structure is organized as follows: • Fixed remuneration • Short-term incentives • Long-term incentives • Non-monetary benefits Fixed Remuneration Reward skills, contribution and experience required for the position held • Executive Chairman: Fixed remuneration is set in relation to the delegated powers assigned over the term and positions held in line with the Reference Panel based on yearly benchmarking (see “Benchmarking for Executive Directors Remuneration” Paragraph). • CEO: Fixed remuneration is set in relation to the delegated powers assigned over the term and positions held in line with the Reference Panel (see “Benchmarking for Executive Directors Remuneration” Paragraph). • Non-executive Directors: Remuneration of non-executive Directors is fixed and not dependent on the Company’s financial results. It is approved by the Company’s shareholders and periodically reviewed by the Compensation Committee. • FLT Members: The fixed remuneration is related to the position held and the responsibilities attributed, as well as the experience and strategic nature of the resources, in line with Reference Panel offering for roles of similar responsibility and complexity. Short-Term Incentives • Achieve the annual financial, operational and other targets and additional business priorities • Motivate and guide executives’ activities over the short-term period • Short-term incentives targets: • Based on achievement of annually predetermined performance objectives • Annual financial, operational and other identified objectives Long-Term Incentives Align the behavior of executives critical to the business with shareholders’ interests Motivate executives to achieve long-term strategic objectives Enhance retention of key resources • Equity awards through the to promote creation of value for the shareholders • Equity Incentive Plan 2022 – 2024, 2023 – 2025 and 2024 – 2026 • Executive Directors: awarded only PSUs • FLT Members: awarded a combination of PSUs and RSUs • PSUs: 40% linked to TSR compared to Peer Group, 40% linked to Adjusted EBITDA, 20% linked to ESG related Factor Goal The new LTI Plan 2025-2027 will introduce minor changes as composition of relative TSR group (maintaining the same number of companies) and the ESG metrics to which PSUs are linked. Non-Monetary Benefits Retain executives through a total reward approach Enhance executive and employee security and productivity Represent an integral part of the remuneration package with welfare and retirement- related benefits Lock Up Period Ensures alignment with shareholders’ interests In 2022 a lock up provision was introduced for the Executive Chairman, the CEO, the members of the FLT and other key members of the Group. The Lock Up provision applies retroactively to all equity incentive plans in place.

[TABLE] Component | Purpose | Terms and Conditions

[PAGE 307]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 307 BOARD REPORT 2024 Implementation and Outlook 2025 Offer a highly competitive compensation package compared to the roles with the same managerial complexity and responsibilities within comparable companies, comprised of those represented by the Reference Panel. • Executive Chairman: €500,000 annually. • CEO: €1,500,000 annually. • Non-Executive Directors: $75,000 annually. • FLT Members: The fixed remuneration is related to the position held and the responsibilities attributed, as well as the experience and strategic nature of the resource, in line with Reference Panel offering for roles of similar responsibility and complexity. • Executive Chairman: the compensation package includes a short-term incentive plan with a target pay-opportunity equal to 100% of base salary and maximum pay-opportunity equal to 225% of base salary. • CEO: The compensation package includs a short-term incentive plan with a target pay-opportunity equal to 100% of base salary and maximum pay-opportunity equal to 225% of base salary. • FLT Members: Variable incentive percentage of fixed remuneration based on the position held with an average target pay- opportunity equal to 100% of base salary and an average maximum pay-opportunity equal to 225% of base salary. • Executive Chairman: The Equity Incentive Plan 2022-2024, 2023-2025 and 2024-2026 provides for a target pay-opportunity equal to 200% and a maximum pay-opportunity equal to 320% of base salary. • CEO: The Equity Incentive Plan 2022-2024, 2023-2025 and 2024-2026 provides for a target pay-opportunity equal to 200% and a maximum pay-opportunity equal to 320% of base salary. • FLT Members: Variable incentive percentage of fixed remuneration based on the position held with an average target opportunity equal to 125% and average maximum pay opportunity equal to 181% of base salary. Customary welfare, retirement-related and fringe benefits such as company cars and drivers, personal/home security, medical insurance, accident insurance, tax preparation and financial counselling. Under the lock up provision, 50% of the vested shares under the equity incentive plan will be subject from the date of vesting to unavailability and non-transferability for a period determined according to the corporate role: • CEO and Chairman: 36 months • FLT members: 24 months • Other key members of the Group: 12 months

[TABLE] 2024 Implementation and Outlook 2025

[PAGE 308]
308 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 2024 REMUNERATION OF EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS AND FLT MEMBERS The Board of Directors determines the compensation for our executive Directors following the recommen- dation of the Compensation Committee and with ref- erence to the remuneration policy. The compensation structure for executive Directors and FLT members includes a fixed component and a variable component based on short and long-term performance. BENCHMARKING FOR EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS REMUNERATION We believe that this compensation structure pro- motes the interests of Ferrari in the short and the long-term and is designed to encourage the executive Directors and FLT members to act in the best inter- ests of Ferrari. In determining the level and structure of the compensation of the executive Directors, the non-executive Directors will take into account, among other things, Ferrari’s financial and operational re- sults and other business objectives, while considering the executive Directors’ view concerning the level and structure of their own remuneration. Performance targets are set by the Compensation Committee to be both achievable and stretching, considering Ferrari’s strategic priorities and the automotive landscape. The performance measures that are used for variable components have been chosen to support Ferrari’s strategy, long-term interests and sustainability. For the abovementioned reasons, the compensa- tion packages adopted by Ferrari are significantly bal- anced towards the variable components in order to reinforce the performance-driven culture and mer- itocracy. This is in line - as per the short-term incen- tive component - with the first and second pillars of Ferrari’s remuneration policy (see “Alignment with Ferrari’s Strategy and Pay for Performance”) and - as per the long-term incentive component (which has a dominant weight, as shown in the figures below) - with the first and fourth pillars of Ferrari’s remuneration policy (see “Alignment with Ferrari’s Strategy and Long- Term Shareholder Value Creation”), with the ultimate aim to align the performance with shareholders’ inter- ests and value creation in the medium- to long-term, to motivate executives to achieve long-term strategic objectives, and to enhance retention of key resources. This compensation structure, inspired by Ferrari’s remuneration policy, is mirrored in the compensa- tion package for the Ferrari workforce at every level, in order to promote and better pursue the organiza- tion-wide alignment with the Company’s strategy and values and contribute to pay-for-performance cul- ture and long-term value creation. The structure of the compensation package (base salary and variable compensation, composed of LTI and STI components) specifically provided for the CEO and the Executive Chairman is aligned to, and consistent with, the main pillars of the Ferrari’s remu- neration policy applied to the entire workforce as well as to the best market practice and to the Reference Panels, as better explained below. In this regard, we establish target compensation levels using a market-based approach and we moni- tor compensation levels and trends in the market. We also periodically benchmark our executive compen- sation program against peer companies. In 2024, Ferrari conducted the periodic review of the Reference Panel it uses to assess the competitive- ness and alignment of the compensations awarded to the CEO and Executive Chairman, as well as to ensure the consistency of the adopted compensation policies with the Reference Panel. As for the CEO, Ferrari identified an ad hoc Reference Panel composed of 15 companies. In continuity with previous years, Ferrari bench- marked its CEO’s total remuneration with those of listed companies deemed comparable with Ferrari in light of some or all of the following criteria: a) repre- senting excellence and luxury in their respective sec- tors; b) operating in the same business as Ferrari; c) acting in similar sectors; d) presenting overall a sim- ilar market capitalization, revenues and number of employees with Ferrari. Compared to 2023, the CEO’s Reference Panel was updated by adding Brunello Cucinelli, which meets the selection criteria outlined above, focusing the panel more on companies representing excel- lence and luxury. Furthermore, three companies (Volkswagen, Volvo and The Estée Lauder Companies) were removed from the previous peer group due to less affinity with Ferrari’s business positioning. The companies in the Reference Panel used by Ferrari for the CEO’s compensation benchmarking are listed below: Chief Executive Officer Reference Panel Aston Martin Lagonda Bayerische Motoren Worke Brembo Brunello Cucinelli Burberry Compagnie Financiere Richemont Ermenegildo Zegna Harley-Davidson Hermes International Kering LVMH Mercedes-Benz Group Moncler Pirelli Porsche

[PAGE 309]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 309 BOARD REPORT EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN’S AND CEO’S COMPENSATION PACKAGES Chairman target amounts 25% 25% 50% 25% 25% 50% Chairman maximum amounts CEO maximum amounts Fixed remuneration Share Short-term incentives Long-term incentives CEO target amounts 16% 34% 50% 16% 34% 50% The Executive Chairman’s Reference Panel com- prises the companies of the CEO’s Reference Panel which have a chairman with powers and delega- tions comparable to the powers and authority of the Executive Chairman (five Companies out of 15 of those inserted in CEO’s Reference Panel), along with four additional companies (added in order to bench- mark a statistically significant number of peers and determined based on companies that have a chair- man with powers and authority comparable to the powers and authority of the Executive Chairman). Compared to 2023, the Executive Chairman’s Refer- ence Panel has been updated by adding Brunello Cucinelli, which meets the selection criteria outlined above. The companies forming part of the Reference Panel for the Executive Chairman target compensation benchmarking are listed below: Executive Chairman Reference Panel Ariston Group Holding Aston Martin Lagonda Brembo Brunello Cucinelli Compagnie Financiere Richemont Ford Motors Hermes International Prada Group The Estèe Lauder Companies As described above, both Reference Panels are composed of companies representing excellence in their respective sectors and offering very competi- tive compensation levels to their executives. The level and structure of the Executive Chairman’s and CEO’s compensation packages for 2024 have therefore been compared to the prac- tices of the companies belonging to the abovemen- tioned Reference Panels. As for the compensation structure, the current Executive Chairman’s and CEO’s compensation packages are in line with (i) market practice and the compensation packages offered by companies belonging to the Reference Panels; and (ii) Ferrari’s remuneration policy as approved by shareholders at the 2024 AGM. Because the Reference Panels consist of sev- eral companies that are larger than Ferrari in terms of revenues and/or number of employees and that have competitive remuneration packages, the CEO’s base salary is positioned above the median of the CEO’s Reference Panel while the Executive Chairman’s base salary is below the 25th percentile of the Executive Chairman’s Reference Panel; the total target compensation for the CEO is around the median while the Executive Chairman’s total target compensation is positioned below the 25th percen- tile. Our Executive Chairman’s and CEO’s compensation packages are structured as follows:

[PAGE 310]
310 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F On the basis of the remuneration policy objectives, compensation of executive Directors and FLT members consists, inter alia, of the elements discussed below. Fixed component The primary objective of the base salary (the fixed part of the annual cash compensation) for executive Directors and FLT members is to attract and retain highly qualified senior executives. Our policy is to pe- riodically benchmark comparable salaries paid to executives with similar experience by comparable companies. Variable components Executive Directors and FLT members are also eligi- ble to receive variable compensation subject to the achievement of pre-established financial and other identified performance targets. The short and long- term components of executive Directors’ and FLT members’ variable remuneration are linked to prede- termined, assessable targets in order to create long- term value for the shareholders. Our variable compensation programs are designed to recruit, motivate and reward executive Directors and members of the FLT delivering operational and strategic performance over time. The provisions and financial objectives of our variable compensation pro- grams are evaluated on an annual basis and modified in accordance with industry and business conditions. Short-term incentives The primary objective of our performance-based short-term variable cash-based incentives is to incen- tivize the executive Directors and the members of the FLT to focus on the business priorities for the current or next year. The short-term incentive plan is designed to motivate its beneficiaries to achieve challenging targets, by recognizing individual contributions to the Group’s results on an annual basis. The Compensation Committee believes that it is appropriate to use a bal- ance of corporate financial targets, strategic objec- tives and individual performance objectives. The methodology for calculating payouts under our short-term incentive plan is the following: The target level for both the Company Performance Factor and the Individual Performance Factor is 100%, reaching a possible maximum level which is equal to the 150% of the target level, resulting in a maximum pay-opportunity equal to 225% of base salary. There is no minimum bonus payout; as a result, if none of the threshold objectives are satisfied, there is no bonus payment. To determine the executive Directors’ annual per- formance bonus, the non-executive Directors, upon proposal of the Compensation Committee: • approve the executive Directors’ targets and max- imum allowable bonuses; • select the appropriate metrics and their weighting; • set the stretch objectives; • consider any unusual items in a performance year to determine the appropriate measurement of achievement; and • approve the final bonus determination. In 2024, the Compensation Committee defined the Company Performance Factor by reference to four metrics: • Net Revenues (20%) • Consolidated Adjusted Operating profit (Adjusted EBIT) (20%) • Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA Margin (20%) • Industrial Free Cash Flow (40%) The Compensation Committee established challeng- ing goals for each metric linked to budget, each of which pays out independently. For each metric, per- formance can fluctuate between 0% and 150% of tar- PAYOUT UNDER SHORT-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN METHODOLOGY Base Salary X STI % Adjust opportunity based on business results Links directly to individual current contribution Target Bonus Company Performance Factor Individual Performance Factor STI Payout × × =

[PAGE 311]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 311 BOARD REPORT get, which is the highest possible multiplier, with 50% being the threshold level of performance required. Achievement of the maximum level of performance for each metric and for the Individual Performance Factor results in a maximum pay-opportunity equal to 225% of base salary. The achievement of the budget target, which is normally consistent with the Guidance publicly disclosed at the beginning of each year, implies the application of a multiplier equal to 100% to the rele- vant metric, and deviations within the lowest and the highest thresholds defined from year to year imply a linear variation of the multipliers between 50% and 150%; outside these thresholds the multiplier goes to zero or remains equal to 150% (which is the maxi- mum multiplier). The overall Company Performance Factor coefficient is a weighted average of those obtained for each metric. In addition, upon proposal of the Compensation Committee, the non-executive Directors have author- ity to grant special bonuses for specific transactions that are deemed exceptional in terms of strategic importance and effect on Ferrari’s results, taking into account standards of reasonableness and fairness. The form of any such bonus (cash, common shares of Ferrari or options to purchase common shares) is determined by the non-executive Directors from time to time. No special bonuses were awarded to the execu- tive Directors or members of the FLT for 2024. Short-term incentives clawback clause In 2023, in furtherance of the NYSE listing require- ments, Ferrari introduced a clawback clause for its short-term incentives, which allows the Company to recover part or all of the variable component of re- muneration received during the three fiscal years immediately preceding the date the Company is re- quired to prepare an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under applica- ble securities laws, including any required account- ing restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period. We have also adopted a specific policy aligned with the NYSE listing requirements (the “NYSE Clawback Policy”). The NYSE Clawback Policy, which became effective on December 1, 2023, provides for the recov- ery of certain erroneously awarded incentive-based compensation earned by current or former executive officers of the Company in the event that the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement. Long-term incentives We believe that the equity incentive plan dis- cussed below increases the alignment between the Company’s performance and shareholder interests, by linking the compensation opportunity of the exec- utive Directors and members of the FLT to increas- ing shareholder value. During 2024, Ferrari had three long-term equity incentive plans in place, consistent with the Company’s business plan presented at the Capital Markets Day in June 2022 and awarding to their ben- eficiaries, as the case may be, a combination of per- formance share units (“PSUs”) and restricted share units (“RSUs”), each representing the right to receive one Ferrari common share: • Equity Incentive Plan 2022-2024, approved on February 25, 2022 by the Board of Directors, covering a performance period from 2022 to 2024, having the Executive Chairman and CEO of the Company, as well as members of the FLT and other key members of the Group as benefi- ciaries; • Equity Incentive Plan 2023-2025, approved on February 23, 2023 by the Board of Directors, covering a performance period from 2023 to 2025, having the Executive Chairman and CEO of the Company, as well as members of the FLT and other key members of the Group as benefi- ciaries; • Equity Incentive Plan 2024-2026, approved on February 22, 2024 by the Board of Directors, covering a performance period from 2024 to 2026, having the Executive Chairman and CEO of the Company, as well as members of the FLT and other key members of the Group as benefi- ciaries. Further details about vesting of Equity Incentive Plan 2022-2024, covering a performance period from 2022 to 2024, which will vest on March 2025 and having the Executive Chairman and the CEO of the Company, as well as members of the FLT and other key employees of the Group, as beneficiaries, ended on December 31, 2024 are provided in Section 2. For the Equity Incentive Plan 2022-2024, the PSUs are earned based on the level of achievement of defined key performance indicators relating to: i) a relative total shareholder return (“TSR”) target (which is relative to the TSR of a defined peer group (“Peer Group”)), ii) an Adjusted EBITDA target, and iii) an ESG-related factor goal. Each target is measured independently of the other targets and relates to separate portions of the aggregate awards. For the Equity Incentive Plan 2022-2024, the Equity Incentive Plan 2023-2025 and the Equity Incentive Plan 2024-2026, executive Directors are awarded only PSUs. For the Equity Incentive Plan 2022-2024, the Equity Incentive Plan 2023-2025 and the Equity Incentive Plan 2024-2026, the RSUs, which are awarded only to members of the FLT and other key employees of the Group, are service-based and vest subject to the employees’ continued employment with the Company at the time of vesting.

[PAGE 312]
312 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F Details of the equity long-term incentives granted to the Executive Chairman and CEO are summarized below: EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 2022-2024, EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 2023-2025 AND EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 2024-2026 Type of Equity Long-Term Incentive Vehicle Proportion of Equity Long-Term Grant Holding Period Performance Metrics (Weighting) Executive Chairman Performance Share Units (PSUs) 100% 6 years: 3 years performance period + 3 years Lock Up 1) relative TSR (40%) 2) Adjusted EBITDA (40%) 3) ESG-related Factor Goal (20%) CEO Performance Share Units (PSUs) 100% 6 years: 3 years performance period + 3 years Lock Up 1) relative TSR (40%) 2) Adjusted EBITDA (40%) 3) ESG-related Factor Goal (20%) The number of PSUs earned is determined based on the level at which the three performance criteria described below are achieved. At the end of the vesting period, the total number of PSUs earned is equal to the sum of: • the number of PSUs earned under the relative TSR payout factor; • the number of PSUs earned under the Adjusted EBITDA payout factor; plus • the number of PSUs earned under the ESG-related factor goal.

[PAGE 313]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 313 BOARD REPORT EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 2022-2024, EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 2023-2025 AND EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 2024-2026 MAIN FEATURES Metrics (weight) Metrics (type) Benchmark Rationale Link between pay and performance Relative TSR (40%) Financial criteria Peer Group (11 companies: Ferrari, Aston Martin, Burberry, Estèe Lauder, Hermes, Kering, LVMH, Mercedes Benz Group AG, Moncler, Prada and Richemont) TSR is tracked for both Ferrari and the companies in the defined Peer Group calculating: The starting price is the share price on the first opening day of the year, while the ending price is the average of the share prices over the 30 calendar days prior to the grant and award date Ranking % of target awards 1° 2° 3° 4° 5° 6° 7°-8°-9°-10°-11° 175% 150% 125% 100% 75% 50% 0% Adjusted EBITDA (40%) Financial criteria 5-year Business Plan Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net profit before income tax expense, financial (income)/expenses, net and amortization and depreciation and is an indicator of Ferrari’s profitability(1) Performance Payout +15% +10% +5% 5 Years Plan -5% <-5% 175% 150% 125% 100% 75% 0% ESG-related Factor Goal (20%) Non-financial criteria Project linked to E and S spheres The ESG focuses on an Environment Factor and a Social Factor: - 50% is based on the Reduction CO2 Carbon Emission following the milestones of the Ferrari’s sustainability plan -Rolling KPI until 2030: for the intermediate years leading up to 2030, the amount of the incentive attributed to this KPI will be assessed based on targets calculated through a year-by-year reduction proportional to product development up to 2030. This methodical approach ensures a progression towards the final targets established for the year 2030, allowing for a consistent and measurable tracking of the CO2 emission reduction efforts in alignment with Ferrari’s long-term sustainability objectives. - 50% is based on the maintenance of the Equal Salary Certification or equivalent certification. The award of this certification is based not only on equal pay for men and women, but in a more extensive way on targets of continuous improvement of Diversity and Inclusion culture and inclusive environment. The certification process involves both quantitative and qualitative evaluations. The quantitative evaluation, which must be surpassed to proceed to the qualitative evaluation, consists of a detailed statistical analysis of compensation levels to verify that the gender pay gap is lower than 5% compared to a predictive statistical salary and that the accuracy of the data used is greater than 90%. The qualitative evaluation assesses: (i) the CEO, the FLTs and other executives’ commitment to diversity and inclusion matters, (ii) how Corporate processes and policies are fair in terms of gender, (iii) employees’ perception of the inclusiveness of the culture and (iv) the PDCA (Plan, Do, Check, Act) methodology application in all of the aforementioned processes. (1) For additional information relating to this non-IFRS financial measure, see “Financial Overview—Non-GAAP Financial Measures— EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA”

[TABLE] Metrics
(weight) | Metrics
(type) | Benchmark | Rationale | Link between pay and performance

[PAGE 314]
314 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F In relation to the vesting of the PSUs awarded to the Executive Chairman and the CEO, the settlement of all units under the plans occur after the end of the performance period (i.e., December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2026), to the extent that the conditions for vesting are satisfied. The performance period for the Equity Incentive Plan 2023-2025 PSUs commenced on January 1, 2023. The fair value of the awards used for accounting purposes was measured at the grant date using a Monte Carlo Simulation model. The fair value of the PSUs that were granted to Mr. Elkann and Mr. Vigna in 2023 is €221.76 per share. The key assumptions used to calculate the grant-date fair values for these awards are summarized below: Key Assumptions PSU Awards Granted to the Chairman and CEO in 2023 Grant date share price €242.30 Expected volatility 27.93%(1) Dividend yield 0.75% Risk-free rate 2.90% (1) The expected volatility was based on the observed volatility of the defined Peer Group. The risk-free rate was based on the iBoxx sovereign Eurozone yield. The performance period for the Equity Incentive Plan 2024-2026 PSUs commenced on January 1, 2024. The fair value of the awards used for accounting purposes was measured at the grant date using a Monte Carlo Simulation model. The fair value of the PSUs that were granted to Mr. Elkann and Mr. Vigna in 2024 is €386.05 per share. The key assumptions used to calculate the grant-date fair values for these awards are summarized below: Key Assumptions PSU Awards Granted to the Chairman and CEO in 2024 Grant date share price €390.50 Expected volatility 26.34%1 Dividend yield 0.61% Risk-free rate 3.00% (1) The expected volatility was based on the observed volatility of the defined Peer Group. The risk-free rate was based on the iBoxx sovereign Eurozone yield. Any RSUs awarded to FLT members and other key members of the Group are service-based and will vest in March 2026 or March 2027 (as applicable) conditional on the continued employment of the beneficiaries with the Company or the Group at the time of vesting. The executive Directors were not awarded any RSUs in 2022, 2023 and 2024.

[TABLE] €390.50
[TABLE] 26.34%1
[TABLE] 0.61%
[TABLE] 3.00%

[PAGE 315]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 315 BOARD REPORT NEW EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 2025-2027, MAIN DESIGN FEATURES The design of the new Equity Incentive Plan 2025- 2027, which Ferrari will implement in 2025, subject to the approval of the next Annual General Meeting, provides for minor changes compared to the former Equity Incentive Plans. The main changes include: • Composition of the relative TSR peer group: TSR Peer Group will be updated in order to con- sider more comparable companies to Ferrari (adding Brunello Cucinelli and Porsche AG, and removing Mercedes-Benz Group and The Estée Lauder Companies) • ESG-related Factor Goal metrics: the two ESG- related factor goals will be updated as follows: (i) Environmental Factor (50%): the CO2 carbon emis- sions reduction level will be measured on a Scope 1, 2, 3 upstream and 3 downstream perimeter; (ii) Social Factor (50%): the female presence in sub- top positions will be measured against a defined target, set according to the Diversity Policy goal RECOUPMENT OF INCENTIVE COMPENSATION (CLAWBACK POLICY) The Equity Incentive Plans include a clawback clause, which allows the Company to recover part or all of the variable component of remuneration awarded or paid on the basis of information or data that subsequently prove manifestly incorrect, if the Board of Directors determines that circumstances that would have constituted “cause” (as defined) existed while the remuneration remained unvest- ed or due to the beneficiaries’ fraud or negligence (each, a “Recovery Event”). In particular, if a Recovery Event occurs within three years after the payment of cash or delivery of any shares in respect of the PSUs or RSUs, a par- ticipant will be required to repay the net amount received, as determined by the Board of Directors in its discretion. As discussed above, the NYSE Clawback Policy also governs the recovery of certain erroneously awarded incentive-based compensation earned by current or former executive officers of the Company in the event that the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement. LOCK UP PERIOD In 2022, the Board of Directors approved a lock up provision for its Executive Chairman, CEO, mem- bers of the FLT and other key members of the Group which replaces the former stock ownership guide- lines and applies to all long-term incentive plans is- sued and to be issued by the company. Under the lock up provision 50% of the vested shares under the Equity Incentive Plans will be subject from the date of vesting to unavailability and non-trans- ferability for a period determined according to the corporate role: • CEO and Chairman: 36 months after vesting • FLT members: 24 months after vesting • Other key members of the Group: 12 months af- ter vesting The Executive Chairman and the CEO are also each required to retain 100% of the shares of common stock issued, on a net, after-tax basis, upon vesting and settlement of any equity awards granted to such individual until the fifth anniversary of the grant date of the applicable award other than in the event of death, termination of service due to total disability, approved leave of absence or retirement. OTHER BENEFITS Executive Directors may also be entitled to custom- ary fringe benefits such as personal use of aircraft, company cars and drivers, personal/home security, medical insurance, accident insurance, tax prepa- ration and financial counselling. The Compensation Committee may grant other benefits to the execu- tive Directors in particular circumstances. SEVERANCE The terms of service of the CEO provide that termi- nation of the contract by either party is subject to six months’ notice period. However, if the Company terminates his services for reasons other than for just cause (as defined) or if he terminates his ser- vices due to the reduction or limitations of his man- aging powers or following his dismissal in case of change of control, the Company shall pay the CEO an amount equal to 18 monthly installments of his base monthly salary, including any amount due for the six months’ notice period (which means that the severance amount does not exceed 12 months’ sala- ry, in line with the Code), plus the accrued pro rata of the Company’s contribution to the pension fund as well as STI and LTI variable compensation accrued at the date of termination of employment. If an actual severance payment will be made at the termination of employment and such severance payment would exceed 12 months’ base salary, then a disclosure will be made in line with the Code. If within twenty-four months following a change of control (as defined), the Chairman’s services are terminated by the Company (other than for cause), or are terminated by the Chairman for good reason, the Chairman is entitled to receive the accelerated vesting of awards under his long-term incentive plan.

[PAGE 316]
316 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F (1) Includes €3,123,629, €1,994,433 and €1,009,045 recognized as share-based compensation expense during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 respectively, for equity awards granted under the Group’s Equity Incentive Plan 2023-2025 and the Equity Incentive Plan 2022-2024 that will vest in 2026 and 2025, respectively, subject to certain performance and service conditions. See also “—Directors’ compensation” and “—Share-based compensation of executive Directors” below. (2) For 2021 the pay ratio is calculated considering the remuneration of the current CEO, Benedetto Vigna, payable for the period from September 16, 2021 (the date when Mr. Vigna began acting as Chief Executive Officer) to December 31, 2021, which includes a one-off Welcome Bonus. There is no significant difference between the pay ratio so calculated and the pay ratio calculated based on the target remuneration elements pro-rated on a full year basis. In addition, the compensation payable to Mr. Elkann as interim CEO during 2021 is not included in the calculation of the pay ratio because such compensation was forfeited by Mr. Elkann. The decrease in the pay ratio in 2021 when compared to 2020 can be explained, inter alia, by the fact that for 2020 the pay ratio is calculated considering the remuneration of the former CEO, Louis Camilleri, whose compensation package was different from that of the current CEO and included a large portion of LTI variable compensation. INTERNAL PAY RATIOS In line with the Code, the internal pay ratio is an important input for determining the Remuneration Policy for the Board of Directors. The internal pay ratio is calculated as the ratio between (i) the total annual remuneration of the CEO (43) and (ii) the average total annual remuneration of the employees of the Company and the Group Companies of which the company consolidates the financial data(44). The following table presents the internal pay ratio for 2024, 2023, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 2024 2023 2022 2021(2) 2020 Total Annual Remuneration of CEO (A) 7,983,034(1) 6,692,434(1) 4,993,961(1) 4,486,151 6,835,721 Average Total Annual Employee (FTE) Remuneration Costs (B) 102,170 99,857 97,182 92,656 78,193 Pay Ratio (A/B) 78.1 67.0 51.4 48.4 87.4 SCENARIO ANALYSIS On an annual basis, the non-executive Directors, upon proposal of the Compensation Committee, examine the relationship between the performance criteria chosen and the possible outcomes for the variable remuneration of our executive Directors (scenar- io analysis). To date, the non-executive Directors believe the remuneration policy has proven effec- tive in terms of establishing a correlation between Ferrari’s strategic goals and the chosen perfor- mance criteria, as the main key performance criteria of our executive Directors’ long-term incentive plan, which represents a significant part of the Executive Chairman’s and the CEO’s compensation package, supports both Ferrari’s business strategy and value creation for our shareholders. The Compensation Committee evaluates the mix of variable compensation linked to financial and non-financial performance, as well as share- holder returns, taking also into account the wages and employment conditions of our employees. Our incentive plans are based on peer and market benchmarked performance metrics. In the event that specific long-term threshold performance targets are not achieved, there will be no variable pay vesting or payout for executive Directors for the relevant period. The following table and chart describe compensation levels that the Executive Chairman and the CEO could receive under the compensation packages in place and different scenarios in a calendar year, assuming a constant share price (i.e. no appreciation): Element of remuneration Details of assumption Fixed remuneration The Executive Chairman’s base salary is €500,000 and the CEO’s base salary is €1,500,000. Short-term Incentive Plan The compensation packages for 2024 for the Executive Chairman and the CEO include a short-term incentive plan with a threshold pay-opportunity equal to 50% of base salary, a target pay-opportunity equal to 100% of base salary and maximum pay-opportunity equal to 225% of base salary. Long-term Incentive Plan Executive Chairman and CEO: in case of failure to achieve any of the performance criteria the scenario assumes no award of PSUs; in case of achievement of the threshold for each of the performance criteria, the scenario assumes an award equal to threshold pay opportunity (60% of base salary); in case of achievement of the targets for each of the performance criteria, the scenario assumes an award equal to target pay opportunity (200% of base salary); in case of achievement of the maximum level of each performance criteria the scenario assumes the award equal to maximum pay opportunity (320% of base salary).

[TABLE] 7,983,034(1)
[TABLE] 102,170
[TABLE] 78.1

[PAGE 317]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 317 BOARD REPORT CHAIRMAN AND CEO COMPENSATION LEVELS CHAIRMAN, € 4,000,000 0 500,000 500,000 250,000 300,000 500,000 1,000,000 500,000 CEO, € 10,000,000 0 Minimum Threshold Target Maximum Fixed remuneration 500,000 Short-term remuneration 1,050,000 2,000,000 1,125,000 1,370,000 500,000 2,995,000 1,500,000 1,500,000 750,000 900,000 1,500,000 3,000,000 1,500,000 Minimum Threshold Target Maximum 1,500,000 3,150,000 6,000,000 3,375,000 4,110,000 1,500,000 8,975,000 Long-term remuneration Fixed remuneration Short-term remuneration Long-term remuneration Details about the Chairman and the CEO’s actual 2024 remuneration are included in section 2. In the event of performance below the set thresholds, the Executive Chairman and the CEO would not receive payout of any amounts under either the short-term or long-term incentive plan.

[PAGE 318]
318 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F REMUNERATION POLICY FOR NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS Remuneration of non-executive Directors is approved by the Company’s shareholders and periodically reviewed by the Compensation Committee. Remuneration of non-executive Directors is fixed and not dependent on the Company’s financial results. Non-executive Directors are not eligible for variable compensation and do not participate in any incentive plans. The current annual remuneration for the non-executive Directors (which was approved at the 2024 AGM) is shown in the table below: Non-Executive Director Compensation U.S. $ Annual cash retainer $75,000 Additional retainer for Audit Committee member $10,000 Additional retainer for Audit Committee Chairman $20,000 Additional retainer for Compensation Committee member $5,000 Additional retainer for Compensation Committee Chairman $15,000 Additional retainer for ESG Committee member $5,000 Additional retainer for ESG Committee Chairman $15,000 Additional retainer for the senior non-executive Director $25,000 All remuneration of the non-executive Directors is paid in cash. Remuneration of other employees and Equal Salary Certification Ferrari aims to provide a market-competitive and fair remuneration package for its workforce, in line with the remuneration policy and in order to better pursue the Company’s strategy and purpose and contribute to long-term value creation. Furthermore, Ferrari operates a merit-based remuneration policy, which does not discriminate on the basis of gender, age, nationality, social status or cultural background. In 2023 we received the renewal of the Equal Salary Certificate for providing equal pay to men and women with the same qualifications and positions in the Company, confirmed in 2024. See also “Sustainability Statement—S1—Own workforce—Diversity and Inclusion—Our actions”. Ferrari strongly believes in the Equal Salary Certification and since 2022 the maintenance of the certification is part of the vesting conditions of the equity incentive plans (as a component of the ESG-related Factor Goal).

[PAGE 319]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 319 BOARD REPORT 2. IMPLEMENTATION OF REMUNERATION STRATEGY IN 2024 INTRODUCTION This section sets out the implementation of Ferrari’s remuneration strategy for the year ended December 31, 2024. The remuneration granted in the year ended December 31, 2024 is in accordance with the substance and the procedures of the remuneration strategy (as set out above) and therefore we believe it allows us to seek to attract and retain the most highly qualified executive talent and motivate such executives to achieve business and financial goals that create long-term value for shareholders in a manner consistent with our core business and leadership values and taking into account the social context around the Company. DIRECTORS’ COMPENSATION The following table summarizes the remuneration received by the members of the Board of Directors for the year ended December 31, 2024 from Ferrari and its subsidiaries. Fixed remuneration Variable remuneration Extraordinary items Pension benefits LTI Total remuneration(2) Annual fee Fringe benefits Name Office held (in €, except otherwise stated) John Elkann Chairman and Executive Director 513,931 20,163(1) 1,032,500(*) — — 1,041,210 2,607,804 Benedetto Vigna Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director 1,500,000 31,905(1) 3,097,500(*) — 230,000 3,123,629 7,983,034 Total Executive Directors 2,013,931 52,068 4,130,000 — 230,000 4,164,839 10,590,838 Piero Ferrari Vice Chairman and Non-Executive Director 74,298 20,164(1) — — — — 94,462 Sergio Duca Senior Non- Executive Director 111,445 — — — — — 111,445 Delphine Arnault Non-Executive Director 74,297 — — — — — 74,297 Francesca Bellettini Non-Executive Director 78,940 — — — — — 78,940 Eddy Cue Non-Executive Director 78,940 — — — — — 78,940 John Galantic Non-Executive Director 83,584 — — — — — 83,584 Maria Patrizia Grieco Non-Executive Director 78,940 — — — — — 78,940 Adam Keswick Non-Executive Director 69,653 — — — — — 69,653 Mike Volpi Non-Executive Director 69,653 — — — — — 69,653 Total Non-Executive Directors 719,750 20,164 — — — — 739,914 Total 2,733,681 72,232 4,130,000 — 230,000 4,164,839 11,330,752 (1) Relate to car benefits provided to Mr. Vigna, Mr. Elkann and Mr. Ferrari in accordance with the remuneration policy. (2) Certain amounts have been converted from U.S. Dollars to Euro. (*) This amount refers to short-term incentives. For information regarding equity-based variable compensation see “Share-based compensation of executive Directors” below.

[PAGE 320]
320 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F The following table summarizes the remuneration received by the members of the Board of Directors for the year ended December 31, 2023 from Ferrari and its subsidiaries. Fixed remuneration Variable remuneration Extraordinary items Pension benefits LTI Total remuneration2 Annual fee Fringe benefits Name Office held (in €, except otherwise stated) John Elkann Chairman and Executive Director 513,833 13,279(1) 984,900(*) — — 878,667 2,390,679 Benedetto Vigna Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director 1,501,560 11,741(1) 2,954,700(*) — 230,000 1,994,433 6,692,434 Total Executive Directors 2,015,393 25,020 3,939,600 — 230,000 2,873,100 9,083,113 Piero Ferrari Vice Chairman and Non-Executive Director 73,777 13,080(1) — — — — 86,857 Sergio Duca Senior Non- Executive Director 110,665 — — — — — 110,665 Delphine Arnault Non-Executive Director 73,777 — — — — — 73,777 Francesca Bellettini Non-Executive Director 78,387 — — — — — 78,387 Eddy Cue Non-Executive Director 78,387 — — — — — 78,387 John Galantic Non-Executive Director 82,999 — — — — — 82,999 Maria Patrizia Grieco Non-Executive Director 78,387 — — — — — 78,387 Adam Keswick Non-Executive Director 69,166 — — — — — 69,166 Mike Volpi Non-Executive Director 49,513 — — — — — 49,513 Total Non-Executive Directors 695,058 13,080 — — — — 708,138 Total 2,710,451 38,100 3,939,600 — 230,000 2,873,100 9,791,251 (1) Relate to car benefits provided to Mr. Vigna, Mr. Elkann and Mr. Ferrari in accordance with the remuneration policy. (2) Certain amounts have been converted from U.S. Dollars to Euro. (*) This amount refers to short-term incentives. For information regarding equity-based variable compensation see “Share-based compensation of executive Directors” below.

[PAGE 321]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 321 BOARD REPORT The following table shows a comparison of the total remuneration of Directors over the last five years, based on Ferrari Directors who served as Directors in 2024. DIRECTORS’ TOTAL REMUNERATION 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 Name Office held (in €, except otherwise stated) John Elkann (*) Executive Chairman and Executive Director 2,607,804 2,390,679 1,977,195 336,938(1) 77,790 Benedetto Vigna (*) Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director 7,983,034 6,692,434 4,993,961 4,486,151(2) — Piero Ferrari Vice Chairman and Non- Executive Director 94,462 86,857 95,965 81,062 30,041 Sergio Duca Senior Non-Executive Director 111,445 110,665 114,844 103,238 27,233 Delphine Arnault Non-Executive Director 74,297 73,777 76,563 68,171 17,020 Francesca Bellettini(3) Non-Executive Director 78,940 78,387 81,348 73,127 — Eddy Cue Non-Executive Director 78,940 78,387 81,348 73,127 19,290 John Galantic(3) Non-Executive Director 83,584 82,999 86,133 77,429 — Maria Patrizia Grieco Non-Executive Director 78,940 78,387 81,348 73,127 19,290 Adam Keswick Non-Executive Director 69,653 69,166 71,777 64,524 17,020 Mike Volpi Non-Executive Director 69,653 49,513 — — — Adjusted EBITDA(4) (€ thousand) 2,555 2,279 1,773 1,531 1,143 Average Ferrari Share Price 393.32 275.25 196.34 185.25 155.98 Median fixed remuneration of employees (5) 38,000 37,210 34,960 34,071 32,876 (1) From January 1, 2021, to September 15, 2021: Chairman, CEO and Executive Director. From September 16, 2021, to December 31, 2021: Executive Chairman and Executive Director. (2) Mr. Vigna joined Ferrari as CEO and Executive Director on September 16, 2021. As a Welcome Bonus for having joined Ferrari, Mr. Vigna was granted (i) an extraordinary lump sum of €1,000,000 and (ii) 16,256 Ferrari common shares, in each case subject to approval by shareholders at the 2022 Annual General Meeting. (3) Mrs. Francesca Bellettini and Mr. John Galantic were Non- Executive Directors from April 16, 2020. (4) For additional information relating to this non-IFRS financial measure, see “Financial Overview—Non-GAAP Financial Measures—EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA”. (5) This information does not include the “Premio di Competitività”, which is on top of the fixed remuneration. (*) For information regarding equity-based variable compensation see “Share-based compensation of executive Directors” below. SHORT-TERM INCENTIVE OF EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS In March 2025, the CEO and the Executive Chairman will receive the payout of their short-term incentives for the performance year 2024. The target setting of Ferrari’s STI has been defined with a competitive perspective to ensure a strong focus on economic and financial objectives, and the target levels have been set higher than the Guidance 2024 provided to the market. Additionally, the performance curve established for the CPF objectives of the STI has a threshold level below which no incentive payment is made, which is very close to the Target level, while reaching the Cap level is more challenging. Weight % Actual Payout Net Revenues 20% 150% Adj. EBITDA % 20% 137.5% Adj. Operating profit (EBIT) 20% 150% Industrial Free Cash Flow 40% 150% The results of linear interpolation is Company performance factor 2024 = 147.5%

[TABLE] 2,607,804
[TABLE] 7,983,034
[TABLE] 94,462
[TABLE] 111,445
[TABLE] 74,297
[TABLE] 78,940
[TABLE] 78,940
[TABLE] 83,584
[TABLE] 78,940
[TABLE] 69,653
[TABLE] 69,653
[TABLE] 2,555
[TABLE] 393.32
[TABLE] 38,000

[PAGE 322]
322 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION OF EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS The following table provides an overview of the outstanding equity incentive plans provided to Ferrari executive Directors in 2024: Name, position Main conditions of share award plans Movements in share awards during 2024 Plan Performance period Grant date Vesting date Number of unvested awards at January 1, 2024 New awards granted Shares vested Awards forfeited /other Number of unvested awards at December 31, 2024 of which are subject to performance conditions John Elkann, Executive Chairman Equity Incentive Plan 2021- 2023 2021 - 2023 April 2021 March 2024 4,448 — 5,100(1) — — — Equity Incentive Plan 2022- 2024 2022 - 2024 April 2022 March 2025 5,042 — — — 5,042 5,042 Equity Incentive Plan 2023- 2025 2023 - 2025 April 2023 March 2026 4,170 — — — 4,170 4,170 Equity Incentive Plan 2024- 2026 2024 - 2026 April 2024 March 2027 — 2,925 — — 2,925 2,925 Benedetto Vigna, Chief Executive Officer Equity Incentive Plan 2022- 2024 2022 - 2024 April 2022 March 2025 15,126 — — — 15,126 15,126 Equity Incentive Plan 2023- 2025 2023 - 2025 April 2023 March 2026 12,510 — — — 12,510 12,510 Equity Incentive Plan 2024- 2026 2024 - 2026 April 2024 March 2027 — 8,775 — — 8,775 8,775 (1) The number of shares vested was greater than the number of awards granted as a result of the level of achievement of the related service conditions.

[PAGE 323]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 323 BOARD REPORT In March 2024, 3,617 PSUs and 1,483 RSUs held by the Executive Chairman under the Equity Incentive Plan 2021-2023 vested. The evidence of the level of achievement of the KPIs relating to the PSUs is summarized in the following table: In March 2025, the Equity Incentive Plan 2022-2024 will vest and the evidence of the level of the achievement is summarized in the following table: Threshold, Target and Maximum are presented in the “Equity Incentive Plan 2022-2024” paragraph. EVIDENCE OF THE LEVEL OF THE ACHIEVEMENT KPY Relative TSR (weight 50%) 2nd place positioning in the TSR ranking against the Peer Group Payout 120% 60% EBITDA (weight 30%) +11.2% vs 5 years plan Innovation (weight 20%) Achievement of launches (70%) of the Innovation Factor and technological projects (30%) of the Innovation Factor Actual performance Pay-out Payout 140% Payout 100% 42% 20% 122% PSU total pay-out EVIDENCE OF THE LEVEL OF THE ACHIEVEMENT KPY Relative TSR (weight 40%) 1st place positioning in the TSR ranking against the Peer Group Payout 175% 70% EBITDA (weight 40%) +14.3% vs 5 years plan ESG (weight 20%) Equal Salary Certification confirmed Actual performance Pay-out Payout 171.3% Payout 50% 68.5% 10% 148.5% PSU total pay-out

[PAGE 324]
324 BOARD REPORT FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F COMPENSATION OF THE MEMBERS OF THE FLT The compensation paid to or accrued during the year ended December 31, 2024 by Ferrari and its subsidiaries to the members of the FLT (excluding the CEO) amounted to €29.3 million in aggregate, consisting of €14.3 million for salary and €8.8 mil- lion for other short-term benefits (which is linked to the FY 2024 performance and represents slight- ly more than the target set levels), €5.5 million for share-based compensation in relation to PSUs and RSUs awarded under the Group’s Equity Incentive Plans (2022-2024; 2023-2025; 2024-2026) and other share-based awards, and €0.7 million for the Group’s contributions to pension funds. The PSU and RSU awards will vest in March 2025, 2026 and 2027 (as ap- plicable), subject to continued employment and, for the PSU awards, to the achievement of performance conditions related to relative TSR, Adjusted EBITDA and ESG-related Factor Goal (for LTI Plan 2022-2024, 2023-2025 and 2024-2026), as described above. Given: (i) Ferrari’s second place positioning in the TSR ranking against the Peer Group (correspond- ing to the vesting of 120 percent of the target PSUs awarded); (ii) the result of the Adjusted EBITDA factor payout (+11.2% vs 5-years plan) and (iii) the achieve- ment of Innovation Factor (100%), for the vesting of the Equity Incentive Plan 2021-2023, which covers the performance period from 2021 to 2023, ending on December 31, 2023, 12,028 PSUs and 6,969 RSUs vested for FLT members. DIRECTOR AND OFFICER OVERLAPS There are overlaps among certain Directors and of- ficers of Stellantis and Exor and our Directors and of- ficers. These individuals owe duties both to us and to the other companies that they serve as officers and/ or Directors. This may raise certain conflicts of inter- est as, for example, these individuals review oppor- tunities that may be appropriate or suitable for both Ferrari and such other companies, or business trans- actions are pursued in which both Ferrari and such other companies have an interest, such as Ferrari’s arrangement, now terminated, to supply engines for Maserati cars. For example, Mr. John Elkann, our Executive Chairman, is also the Executive Chairman of Stellantis and the Chief Executive Officer of Exor. As of February 6, 2025, Exor held approximately 24.84 percent of our outstanding common shares and approximately 36.69 percent of the voting pow- er in the Company, while it holds approximately 14.90 percent of the outstanding common shares in Stellantis, based on Exor’s latest public filings avail- able. The percentages of ownership and voting pow- er above are calculated based on the number of outstanding shares net of treasury shares. See “Risk Factors—Risks related to our Common Shares—We may have potential conflicts of interest with Stellantis and Exor and its related companies”. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Under the supervision, and with the participation, of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2024 pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b). Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure con- trols and procedures are effective to provide rea- sonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and com- municated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as ap- propriate, to allow timely decisions regarding re- quired disclosure. MANAGEMENT’S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING The Company’s management is responsible for es- tablishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company’s internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the preparation and fair pre- sentation of published financial statements in accor- dance with IFRS Accounting Standards. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can pro- vide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards. Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, using the criteria set forth in the “Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)” issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on that assessment, management believes that, as of December 31, 2024, the Company’s inter- nal control over financial reporting was effective. The Company’s independent registered public accounting firm has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. That report is included herein. CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL No change to our internal control over financial re- porting occurred during the year ended December 31, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reason- ably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

[PAGE 327]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 327 BOARD REPORT STATEMENT BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Based on the assessment performed, the Board of Directors believes that, as of December 31, 2024, the Group’s and the Company’s Internal Control over Financial Reporting is considered effective and that (i) the Board Report provides sufficient insights into any material weaknesses in the effectiveness of the internal risk management and control systems (please refer to section “Principal Characteristics of the Internal Control System and Internal Control over Financial Reporting” of this Annual Report), (ii) the internal risk management and control systems are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the financial reporting does not contain any material inaccuracies (please refer to section “Principal Characteristics of the Internal Control System and Internal Control over Financial Reporting” of this Annual Report), (iii) based on the current state of affairs, it is justified that the Group’s and the Company’s financial reporting is prepared on a going concern basis (please refer to Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report and Note 2 to the Company Financial Statements of this Annual Report for additional information on the basis of preparation), and (iv) the Board Report states those material risks and uncertainties that are, in the Board of Director’s judgment, relevant to the expectation of the Company’s continuity for the period of twelve months after the preparation of the Board Report (please refer to the chapter “Risk Factors” of this Annual Report). February 20, 2025 John Elkann [Executive Chairman] Benedetto Vigna [Chief Executive Officer]

[PAGE 329]
00 Lorem Ipsum 00 Lorem Ipsum 00 Lorem Ipsum 00 Lorem Ipsum 00 Lorem Ipsum 00 Lorem Ipsum 00 Lorem Ipsum 00 Lorem Ipsum 00 Lorem Ipsum 00 Lorem Ipsum 00 Lorem Ipsum 00 Lorem Ipsum 00 Lorem Ipsum 00 Lorem Ipsum 00 Lorem Ipsum 00 Lorem Ipsum 00 Lorem Ipsum 00 Lorem Ipsum 00 Lorem Ipsum 00 Lorem Ipsum 00 Lorem Ipsum 00 Lorem Ipsum 00 Lorem Ipsum 00 Lorem Ipsum 00 Lorem Ipsum 00 Lorem Ipsum 00 Lorem Ipsum 00 Lorem Ipsum 00 Lorem Ipsum 00 Lorem Ipsum 329 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

[PAGE 331]
331 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Consolidated Income 333 Statement Consolidated Statement 334 of Comprehensive Income Consolidated Statement 335 of Financial Position Consolidated Statement 336 of Cash Flows Consolidated Statement 338 of Changes In Equity Notes to the Consolidated 340 Financial Statements FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

[PAGE 333]
333 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F FERRARI N.V. CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024, 2023 AND 2022 For the years ended December 31, Note 2024 2023 2022 (€ thousand) Net revenues 4 6,676,668 5,970,146 5,095,254 Cost of sales 5 3,329,483 2,995,877 2,648,953 Selling, general and administrative costs 6 561,144 462,580 427,974 Research and development costs 7 894,092 881,559 775,572 Other expenses, net 8 12,443 18,898 21,548 Result from investments 8,245 6,137 6,175 Operating profit (EBIT) 1,887,751 1,617,369 1,227,382 Financial income 9 147,100 132,319 83,858 Financial expenses 9 145,895 147,334 133,474 Financial (income)/expenses, net 9 (1,205) 15,015 49,616 Profit before taxes 1,888,956 1,602,354 1,177,766 Income tax expense 10 363,043 344,897 238,472 Net profit 1,525,913 1,257,457 939,294 Net profit attributable to: Owners of the parent 1,521,877 1,252,048 932,614 Non-controlling interests 3 4,036 5,409 6,680 Basic earnings per common share (in €) 12 8.47 6.91 5.11 Diluted earnings per common share (in €) 12 8.46 6.90 5.09 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements.

[TABLE] 6,676,668
[TABLE] 3,329,483
[TABLE] 561,144
[TABLE] 894,092
[TABLE] 12,443
[TABLE] 8,245
[TABLE] 1,887,751
[TABLE] 147,100
[TABLE] 145,895
[TABLE] (1,205)
[TABLE] 1,888,956
[TABLE] 363,043
[TABLE] 1,525,913
[TABLE] 1,521,877
[TABLE] 4,036
[TABLE] 8.47
[TABLE] 8.46

[PAGE 334]
334 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F FERRARI N.V. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024, 2023 AND 2022 For the years ended December 31, Note 2024 2023 2022 (€ thousand) Net profit 1,525,913 1,257,457 939,294 Items that will not be reclassified to the consolidated income statement in subsequent periods: (Losses)/Gains on remeasurement of defined benefit plans 20 (691) 221 1,605 Related tax impact 20 168 (52) (376) Total items that will not be reclassified to the consolidated income statement in subsequent periods (523) 169 1,229 Items that may be reclassified to the consolidated income statement in subsequent periods: (Losses)/Gains on cash flow hedging instruments 20 (86,810) (26,284) 92,898 Exchange differences on translating foreign operations 20 12,248 (6,323) 9,798 Related tax impact 20 23,610 6,403 (24,626) Total items that may be reclassified to the consolidated income statement in subsequent periods (50,952) (26,204) 78,070 Total other comprehensive (loss)/income, net of tax (51,475) (26,035) 79,299 Total comprehensive income 1,474,438 1,231,422 1,018,593 Total comprehensive income attributable to: Owners of the parent 1,470,092 1,226,428 1,012,215 Non-controlling interests 4,346 4,994 6,378 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements.

[TABLE] 1,525,913
[TABLE] (691)
[TABLE] 168
[TABLE] (523)
[TABLE] (86,810)
[TABLE] 12,248
[TABLE] 23,610
[TABLE] (50,952)
[TABLE] (51,475)
[TABLE] 1,474,438
[TABLE] 1,470,092
[TABLE] 4,346

[PAGE 335]
335 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F FERRARI N.V. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AT DECEMBER 31, 2024 AND 2023 At December 31, Note 2024 2023 (€ thousand) Assets Goodwill 13 785,182 785,182 Intangible assets 14 1,545,664 1,419,699 Property, plant and equipment 15 1,828,784 1,575,200 Investments and other financial assets 16 80,822 67,671 Deferred tax assets 10 236,791 217,553 Total non-current assets 4,477,243 4,065,305 Inventories 17 1,088,194 948,514 Trade receivables 18 349,176 261,380 Receivables from financing activities 18 1,661,632 1,451,158 Tax receivables 18 15,918 11,616 Other current assets 18 137,763 130,228 Current financial assets 19 25,006 61,130 Cash and cash equivalents 32 1,742,214 1,121,981 Total current assets 5,019,903 3,986,007 Total assets 9,497,146 8,051,312 Equity and liabilities Equity attributable to owners of the parent 3,533,946 3,060,888 Non-controlling interests 3 9,292 9,734 Total equity 20 3,543,238 3,070,622 Employee benefits 22 134,147 123,045 Provisions 23 206,212 187,276 Deferred tax liabilities 10 110,016 136,846 Debt 24 3,351,888 2,477,186 Other liabilities 25 1,106,221 1,022,967 Other financial liabilities 19 61,894 13,539 Trade payables 26 945,657 930,560 Tax payables 37,873 89,271 Total equity and liabilities 9,497,146 8,051,312 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements.

[TABLE] 785,182
[TABLE] 1,545,664
[TABLE] 1,828,784
[TABLE] 80,822
[TABLE] 236,791
[TABLE] 4,477,243
[TABLE] 1,088,194
[TABLE] 349,176
[TABLE] 1,661,632
[TABLE] 15,918
[TABLE] 137,763
[TABLE] 25,006
[TABLE] 1,742,214
[TABLE] 5,019,903
[TABLE] 9,497,146
[TABLE] 3,533,946
[TABLE] 9,292
[TABLE] 3,543,238
[TABLE] 134,147
[TABLE] 206,212
[TABLE] 110,016
[TABLE] 3,351,888
[TABLE] 1,106,221
[TABLE] 61,894
[TABLE] 945,657
[TABLE] 37,873
[TABLE] 9,497,146

[PAGE 336]
336 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F FERRARI N.V. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024, 2023 AND 2022 For the years ended December 31, Note 2024 2023 2022 (€ thousand) Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 32 1,121,981 1,388,901 1,344,146 Cash flows from operating activities: Net profit 1,525,913 1,257,457 939,294 Income tax expense 10 363,043 344,897 238,472 Amortization and depreciation 14,15 666,777 662,305 546,225 Provision accruals 23 81,546 64,834 72,331 Result from investments (8,245) (6,137) (6,175) Financial income 9 (147,100) (132,319) (83,858) Financial expenses 9 145,895 147,334 133,474 Other non-cash expenses, net 32 91,909 79,813 46,653 Change in inventories 17 (157,526) (309,564) (153,890) Change in trade receivables 18 (94,029) (33,381) (48,400) Change in trade payables 26 7,672 43,277 103,981 Change in receivables from financing activities 27 (118,687) (107,247) (187,890) Change in other operating assets and liabilities (20,045) 48,642 140,008 Finance income received 9 49,673 32,432 5,158 Finance costs paid 9 (50,354) (83,243) (37,351) Income tax paid 10 (409,786) (292,463) (304,692) Total cash flows from operating activities 1,926,656 1,716,637 1,403,340 Cash flows used in investing activities: Investments in intangible assets 14 (506,874) (487,148) (456,894) Investments in property, plant and equipment 15 (482,277) (381,762) (347,725) Investments in joint ventures — — (1,367) Proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 14,15 2,041 2,458 578 Total cash flows used in investing activities (987,110) (866,452) (805,408) Cash flows used in financing activities: Proceeds from bonds and notes 24 496,145 — — Repayments of bonds and notes 24 — (575,702) — Proceeds from securitizations 24 340,499 151,217 218,924 Repayments of securitizations 24 (243,649) (49,611) (72,824) Proceeds from borrowings from banks and other financial institutions 24 225,000 250,000 8,909 Repayments of borrowings from banks and other financial institutions 24 (104,690) (72,500) (55,000) Proceeds from other debt 24 51,022 34,596 34,456 Repayments of other debt 24 (41,297) (35,566) (23,215) Repayments of lease liabilities 24 (22,001) (17,691) (16,500) Dividends paid to owners of the parent 20 (439,918) (328,631) (249,522) Dividends paid to non-controlling interests 20 (4,788) (4,890) (2,266)

[TABLE] 1,121,981
[TABLE] 1,525,913
[TABLE] 363,043
[TABLE] 666,777
[TABLE] 81,546
[TABLE] (8,245)
[TABLE] (147,100)
[TABLE] 145,895
[TABLE] 91,909
[TABLE] (157,526)
[TABLE] (94,029)
[TABLE] 7,672
[TABLE] (118,687)
[TABLE] (20,045)
[TABLE] 49,673
[TABLE] (50,354)
[TABLE] (409,786)
[TABLE] 1,926,656
[TABLE] (506,874)
[TABLE] (482,277)
[TABLE] —
[TABLE] 2,041
[TABLE] (987,110)
[TABLE] 496,145
[TABLE] —
[TABLE] 340,499
[TABLE] (243,649)
[TABLE] 225,000
[TABLE] (104,690)
[TABLE] 51,022
[TABLE] (41,297)
[TABLE] (22,001)
[TABLE] (439,918)
[TABLE] (4,788)

[PAGE 337]
337 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F Share repurchases 20 (581,084) (460,629) (396,522) Total cash flows used in financing activities (324,761) (1,109,407) (553,560) Translation exchange differences 5,448 (7,698) 383 Total change in cash and cash equivalents 620,233 (266,920) 44,755 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 32 1,742,214 1,121,981 1,388,901 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements.

[TABLE] (581,084)
[TABLE] (324,761)
[TABLE] 5,448
[TABLE] 620,233
[TABLE] 1,742,214

[PAGE 338]
338 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F FERRARI N.V. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024, 2023 AND 2022 Share capital Retained earnings and other reserves Cash flow hedge reserve Currency translation differences Remeasurement of defined benefit plans Equity attributable to owners of the parent Non- controlling interests Total equity (€ thousand) At December 31, 2021 2,573 2,192,453 (22,006) 42,518 (9,640) 2,205,898 5,518 2,211,416 Net profit — 932,614 — — — 932,614 6,680 939,294 Other comprehensive income/(loss) — — 68,272 10,100 1,229 79,601 (302) 79,299 Total comprehensive income — 932,614 68,272 10,100 1,229 1,012,215 6,378 1,018,593 Dividends to owners of the parent — (249,522) — — — (249,522) — (249,522) Dividends to non-controlling interests — — — — — — (2,266) (2,266) Share repurchases — (396,522) — — — (396,522) — (396,522) Share-based compensation — 20,860 — — — 20,860 — 20,860 Other movements — (112) (33) — 73 (72) — (72) At December 31, 2022 2,573 2,499,771 46,233 52,618 (8,338) 2,592,857 9,630 2,602,487 Net profit — 1,252,048 — — — 1,252,048 5,409 1,257,457 Other comprehensive (loss)/income — — (19,881) (5,908) 169 (25,620) (415) (26,035) Total comprehensive income — 1,252,048 (19,881) (5,908) 169 1,226,428 4,994 1,231,422 Dividends to owners of the parent — (328,631) — — — (328,631) — (328,631) Dividends to non-controlling interests — — — — — — (4,890) (4,890) Share repurchases — (460,629) — — — (460,629) — (460,629) Share-based compensation — 30,863 — — — 30,863 — 30,863 At December 31, 2023 2,573 2,993,422 26,352 46,710 (8,169) 3,060,888 9,734 3,070,622 Net profit — 1,521,877 — — — 1,521,877 4,036 1,525,913 Other comprehensive (loss)/income — — (63,200) 11,938 (523) (51,785) 310 (51,475) Total comprehensive income — 1,521,877 (63,200) 11,938 (523) 1,470,092 4,346 1,474,438 Dividends to owners of the parent — (439,918) — — — (439,918) — (439,918) Dividends to non-controlling interests — — — — — — (4,788) (4,788) Share repurchases — (581,084) — — — (581,084) — (581,084) Share-based compensation — 23,968 — — — 23,968 — 23,968 Other movements — (7) — — 7 — — — At December 31, 2024 2,573 3,518,258 (36,848) 58,648 (8,685) 3,533,946 9,292 3,543,238 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements.

[PAGE 340]
340 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (1) BACKGROUND AND BASIS OF PREPARATION BACKGROUND Ferrari is among the world’s leading luxury brands. The activities of Ferrari N.V. (herein referred to as “Ferrari” or the “Company” and together with its sub- sidiaries the “Group”) are focused on the design, engi- neering, production and sale of luxury performance sports cars. The cars are designed, engineered and produced in Maranello and Modena, Italy and sold in approximately 60 markets worldwide through a net- work of 180 authorized dealers operating 200 points of sale. The Ferrari brand is licensed to a selected number of producers and retailers of luxury and lifestyle goods, with Ferrari branded merchandise also sold through a network of 15 Ferrari-owned di- rectly operated stores and 2 franchised stores (as of December 31, 2024), as well as on Ferrari’s website. To facilitate the sale of new and pre-owned cars, the Group provides various forms of financing to clients, as well as to dealers in certain territories, directly or through cooperation or other agreements with finan- cial institutions. Ferrari also participates in the Formula 1 World Championship through its team Scuderia Ferrari and the World Endurance Championship through its Ferrari endurance teams. Ferrari’s racing activities are a core element of Ferrari marketing and promotional activities, as well as an important source of innovation to support the technological advance- ment of Ferrari’s product portfolio. BASIS OF PREPARATION Authorization of consolidated financial statements and compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards These consolidated financial statements of Ferrari N.V. were authorized for issuance by the Board of Directors on February 20, 2025. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the IFRS® Accounting Standards (“IFRS Accounting Standards”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) as well as IFRS Accounting Standards as adopted by the European Union (references to IFRS Accounting Standards refer to both IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB and IFRS Accounting Standards as adopted by the European Union, unless specified otherwise). There is no effect on these consolidated financial statements resulting from differences between IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by IASB and IFRS Accounting Standards as adopted by the European Union. The designation IFRS Accounting Standards also includes International Accounting Standards (“IAS® Standards”) as well as the interpretations of the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (“IFRIC® Interpretations’” and “SIC® Interpretations”). The consolidated financial statements are pre- pared on a going concern basis and applying the historical cost method, modified as required by IFRS Accounting Standards for the measurement of cer- tain financial instruments, which are generally mea- sured at fair value. The Group’s presentation currency is the Euro, which is also the functional currency of the Company, and unless otherwise stated amounts are presented in thousands of Euro. (2) MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES FORMAT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The consolidated financial statements include the consolidated income statement, consolidated state- ment of comprehensive income, consolidated state- ment of financial position, consolidated statement of cash flows, consolidated statement of changes in equity and the accompanying notes (referred to col- lectively as the “Consolidated Financial Statements”). For presentation of the consolidated income statement, the Group uses a classification based on the function of expenses, as it is more representa- tive of the format used for internal reporting and management purposes and is consistent with inter- national practice. In the consolidated income state- ment, the Group presents a subtotal for its operating profit before interest and taxes which is referred to as operating profit (EBIT). Operating profit (EBIT) dis- tinguishes between the profit before taxes arising from operating items and those arising from financ- ing activities. Operating profit (EBIT) is one of the primary measures used by the Board of Directors (the Group’s “Chief Operating Decision Maker” as defined in IFRS 8 — Operating Segments) to assess performance and allocate resources. For presentation of the consolidated statement of financial position, a mixed format has been selected to present current and non-current assets and lia- bilities, as permitted by IAS 1 paragraph 60. More specifically, the Consolidated Financial Statements include both industrial and financial services activ- ities. Receivables from financing activities are included in current assets as the investments will be realized in their normal operating cycle. The funding for financial services activities is primarily obtained through securitization programs and funding from certain of the Group’s operating companies. This financial service structure within the Group does

[PAGE 341]
341 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F not allow the separation of financial liabilities fund- ing the financial services operations (whose assets are reported within current assets) and those fund- ing the industrial operations. Presentation of finan- cial liabilities as current or non-current based on their date of maturity would not facilitate a meaning- ful comparison with financial assets, which are cate- gorized on the basis of their normal operating cycle. Disclosure as to the due date of the various compo- nents of debt is provided in Note 24. The consolidated statement of cash flows is presented using the indirect method with cash flows classified within operating, investing or financing activities. NEW AMENDMENTS EFFECTIVE FROM JANUARY 1, 2024 The following new amendments effective from January 1, 2024 were adopted by the Group for the preparation of these Consolidated Financial Statements. In January 2020 IASB issued amendments to IAS 1 — Presentation of Financial Statements: Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-Current to clarify how to classify debt and other liabilities as current or non-current, and in particular how to classify liabilities with an uncertain settlement date and liabilities that may be settled by converting to equity. There was no effect from the adoption of these amendments. In September 2022 IASB issued amendments to IFRS 16 — Leases: Liability in a Sale and Leaseback to improve the requirements for sale and leaseback transactions, which specify the measurement of the liability arising in a sale and leaseback transaction, to ensure the seller-lessee does not recognize any amount of the gain or loss that relates to the right of use it retains. There was no effect from the adoption of these amendments. In October 2022 IASB issued amendments to IAS 1 — Presentation of Financial Statements: Non- current Liabilities with Covenants, that clarify how conditions with which an entity must comply within twelve months after the reporting period affect the classification of a liability. There was no effect from the adoption of these amendments. In May 2023 IASB issued amendments to IAS 7 — Statement of Cash Flows and IFRS 7 — Financial Instruments: Disclosures: Supplier Finance Arrangements, that introduce new disclosure requirements to enhance the transparency and use- fulness of the information provided by entities about supplier finance arrangements and are intended to assist users of financial statements in understand- ing the effects of supplier finance arrangements on an entity’s liabilities, cash flows and exposure to liquidity risk. There was no effect from the adoption of these amendments. NEW STANDARDS AND AMENDMENTS NOT YET EFFECTIVE The standards and amendments issued by IASB that will have mandatory application in 2025 or subse- quent years are listed below: In August 2023, IASB issued amendments to IAS 21 — The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates: Lack of Exchangeability, to clarify how an entity has to apply a consistent approach to assess- ing whether a currency is exchangeable into another currency and, when it is not, to determine the exchange rate to use and the disclosures to provide. The amendments are effective on or after January 1, 2025. The Group does not expect any material impact from the adoption of these amendments. In April 2024, IASB issued IFRS 18 — Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements, which intro- duces new concepts relating to: (i) the structure of the statement of profit or loss, (ii) required disclosures in the financial statements for certain profit or loss performance measures that are reported outside an entity’s financial statements (management-defined performance measures), and (iii) enhanced princi- ples on aggregation and disaggregation which apply to the primary financial statements and notes in gen- eral. The standard is effective on or after January 1, 2027. The Group is evaluating the potential impact from the adoption of this standard. In May 2024, IASB issued IFRS 19 — Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures, which permits eligible subsidiaries to use IFRS Accounting Standards with reduced disclosures better suited to the needs of the users of their financial statements, as well as to keep only one set of accounting records to meet the needs of both their parent company and the users of their financial statements. The standard is effective on or after January 1, 2027 and earlier application is permitted. The Group does not expect any impact from the adoption of this standard. In May 2024, IASB issued Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments which amended IFRS 9 — Financial Instruments and IFRS 7 — Financial Instruments: Disclosures, with the aim of addressing diversity in practice by making the requirements more under- standable and consistent. The amendments: (a) clarify the date of recognition and derecognition of certain financial assets and liabilities, with a new exception for certain financial liabilities settled through an electronic cash transfer system to be derecognized before the settlement date if certain criteria are met; (b) clarify and add further guidance for assessing whether a financial asset meets the solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI) criterion; (c) add new disclosures for certain instruments with contractual terms that can change cash flows (such as certain instruments with features linked to the achievement of environment, social and governance (ESG) targets); and (d) update the disclosures for equity instruments designated at fair value through other comprehen- sive income (FVOCI). The amendments are effective

[PAGE 342]
342 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F on or after January 1, 2026 and earlier application is permitted. The Group is evaluating the potential impact from the adoption of these amendments. In July 2024, IASB issued Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards — Volume 11 which contains amendments to five standards as result of IASB’s annual improvements project. IASB uses the annual improvements process to make necessary, but non-urgent, amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards that will not be included as part of another major project. The amended standards are: IFRS 1 — First-time Adoption of International Financial Reporting Standards, IFRS 7 — Financial Instruments: Disclosures and its accompanying Guidance on imple- menting IFRS 7; IFRS 9 — Financial Instruments; IFRS 10 — Consolidated Financial Statements; and IAS 7 — Statement of Cash Flows. The amendments are effec- tive on or after January 1, 2026 and earlier application is permitted. The Group is evaluating the potential impact from the adoption of these amendments. In December 2024, IASB issued Amendments for nature-dependent electricity contracts which amended IFRS 9 — Financial Instruments and IFRS 7 — Financial Instruments: Disclosures to help compa- nies better report the financial effects of nature-de- pendent electricity contracts, which are often struc- tured as power purchase agreements (PPAs), in the light of the increased use of these contracts. The amendments are effective on or after January 1, 2026 and earlier application is permitted. The Group is evaluating the potential impact from the adoption of these amendments. BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION SUBSIDIARIES Subsidiaries are entities over which the Group has control. Control is achieved when the Group has power over the investee, when it is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involve- ment with the investee, and has the ability to use its power over the investee to affect the amount of the investor’s returns. Subsidiaries are consolidated on a line by line basis from the date on which the Group achieves control. The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above. The Group recognizes any non-controlling inter- ests (“NCI”) in the acquiree on an acquisition-by-ac- quisition basis, either at fair value or at the non-con- trolling interest’s share of the recognized amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. Net profit or loss and each component of other comprehen- sive income/(loss) are attributed to the owners of the parent and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income/(loss) of subsidiar- ies is attributed to owners of the parent and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance. All intra-group balances and transactions and any unrealized gains and losses arising from in- tra-group transactions are eliminated in preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements. Subsidiaries are deconsolidated from the date when control ceases. When the Group ceases to have control over a subsidiary, it derecognizes the assets (including any goodwill) and liabilities of the subsidiary at their carrying amounts, derecognizes the carrying amount of non-controlling interests in the former subsidiary and recognizes the fair value of any consideration received from the transaction. Any retained interest in the former subsidiary is then remeasured to its fair value. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATE An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the pow- er to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but without having control or joint control over those policies. Associates are accounted for using the equity method of account- ing from the date significant influence is obtained. Under the equity method, the investments are initially recognized at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognize the Group’s share of the profit/(loss) and other comprehensive income/(loss) of the investee. The Group’s share of the investee’s profit/(loss) is recognized in the consolidated income statement. Distributions received from an investee reduce the carrying amount of the investment. Post-acquisition movements in other comprehensive income/(loss) are recognized in other comprehensive income/ (loss) with a corresponding adjustment to the carry- ing amount of the investment. Unrealized gains on transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in the associate. Unrealized losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. When the Group’s share of the losses of an asso- ciate exceeds the Group’s interest in that associate, the Group discontinues recognizing its share of fur- ther losses. Additional losses are provided for, and a liability is recognized, only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obliga- tions or made payments on behalf of the associate. The Group discontinues the use of the equity method from the date the investment ceases to be an associate or when it is classified as available-for-sale. INTERESTS IN JOINT OPERATIONS A joint operation is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the assets and obligations for the lia- bilities, relating to the arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an ar- rangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require the unanimous con- sent of the parties sharing control.

[PAGE 343]
343 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F When the Group undertakes its activities under joint operations, it recognizes in relation to its interest in the joint operation: (i) its assets, including its share of any assets held jointly, (ii) its liabilities, including its share of any liabilities incurred jointly, (iii) its revenue from the sale of its share of the output arising from the joint operation, (iv) its share of the revenue from the sale of the output by the joint operation, and (v) its expenses, including its share of any expenses incurred jointly. FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSACTIONS The functional currency of the Group’s entities is the currency of their primary economic environment. In individual companies, transactions in foreign curren- cies are recorded at the exchange rate prevailing at the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabil- ities denominated in foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are translated at the foreign currency ex- change rate prevailing at that date. Exchange differ- ences arising on the settlement of monetary items or on reporting monetary items at rates different from those at which they were initially recorded during the period or in previous financial statements are recog- nized in the consolidated income statement. CONSOLIDATION OF FOREIGN ENTITIES All assets and liabilities of foreign consolidated com- panies with a functional currency other than the Euro are translated using the closing rates at the date of the consolidated statement of financial posi- tion. Income and expenses are translated into Euro at the average foreign currency exchange rate for the period. Translation differences resulting from the application of this method are classified as cur- rency translation differences within other compre- hensive income/(loss) until the disposal of the invest- ment. Average foreign currency exchange rates for the period are used to translate the cash flows of foreign subsidiaries in preparing the consolidated statement of cash flows. Goodwill, assets acquired and liabilities assumed arising from the acquisition of entities with a func- tional currency other than the Euro are recognized in the Consolidated Financial Statements in the functional currency and translated at the foreign currency exchange rate at the acquisition date. These balances are translated at subsequent bal- ance sheet dates at the relevant foreign currency exchange rate. The principal foreign currency exchange rates used to translate other currencies into Euro were as follows: 2024 2023 2022 Average At December 31, Average At December 31, Average At December 31, U.S. Dollar 1.0824 1.0389 1.0814 1.1050 1.0530 1.0666 Pound Sterling 0.8466 0.8292 0.8699 0.8691 0.8528 0.8869 Swiss Franc 0.9526 0.9412 0.9717 0.9260 1.0047 0.9847 Japanese Yen 163.8519 163.0600 151.8540 156.3300 138.0274 140.6600 Chinese Yuan 7.7875 7.5833 7.6568 7.8509 7.0788 7.3582 Australian Dollar 1.6397 1.6772 1.6283 1.6263 1.5167 1.5693 Singapore Dollar 1.4458 1.4164 1.4521 1.4591 1.4512 1.4300 Canadian Dollar 1.4821 1.4948 1.4595 1.4642 1.3695 1.4440 Hong Kong Dollar 8.4454 8.0686 8.4663 8.6314 8.2451 8.3163 INTANGIBLE ASSETS GOODWILL Goodwill is not amortized, but is tested for impair- ment annually or more frequently if events or chang- es in circumstances indicate that it might be im- paired. After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. DEVELOPMENT COSTS Development costs for car project production and related components, engines and systems are rec- ognized as an asset if, and only if, the required con- ditions under IAS 38 — Intangible Assets are met, including, among others: (i) that development costs can be measured reliably, (ii) that the technical fea- sibility of the product, volumes and pricing support the view that the development expenditure will gen- erate future economic benefits, and (iii) the Group has the intention to complete the development and the ability to use the intangible asset. Capitalized de- velopment costs include all direct and indirect costs that may be directly attributed to the development process. All other research and development costs are expensed as incurred, net of any government grants received.

[TABLE] 1.0824 | 1.0389
[TABLE] 0.8466 | 0.8292
[TABLE] 0.9526 | 0.9412
[TABLE] 163.8519 | 163.0600
[TABLE] 7.7875 | 7.5833
[TABLE] 1.6397 | 1.6772
[TABLE] 1.4458 | 1.4164
[TABLE] 1.4821 | 1.4948
[TABLE] 8.4454 | 8.0686

[PAGE 344]
344 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F Capitalized development costs are amortized on a straight-line basis from the start of production over the estimated lifecycle of the model or the useful life of the related components or other assets (general- ly between four and eight years). Increasing an as- set’s expected lifecycle or its residual value would result in a reduced amortization charge in the con- solidated income statement. The Group incurs significant research and devel- opment costs also for its Formula 1 racing activ- ities. These costs are considered fundamental to the development of the road and track car models and prototypes. Technological developments and changes in the regulations of the Formula 1 World Championship generally require the Group to design, develop and construct a new racing car to be used for one year only. The costs incurred for the design, development and construction of a new racing car are generally expensed as incurred unless the tech- nology will be used for more than one year and the costs meet the capitalization criteria in IAS 38. PATENTS, CONCESSIONS AND LICENSES Separately acquired patents, concessions and li- censes are initially recognized at cost. Patents, concessions and licenses acquired in a business combination are initially recognized at fair value. Patents, concessions and licenses are amortized on a straight-line basis over their useful economic lives, which is generally between three and five years. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS Other intangible assets mainly relate to the regis- tration of trademarks and have been recognized in accordance with IAS 38 — Intangible Assets, where it is probable that the use of the asset will generate future economic benefits for the Group and where the cost of the asset can be measured reliably. Other intangible assets are measured at cost less any im- pairment losses and amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated life, which is generally be- tween three and five years. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT COST Property, plant and equipment is initially recognized at cost which comprises the purchase price, any costs directly attributable to bringing the assets to the location and condition necessary to be capable of operating in the manner intended by manage- ment, capitalized borrowing costs and any initial es- timate of the costs of dismantling and removing the item and restoring the site on which it is located. Self- constructed assets are initially recognized at pro- duction cost. Subsequent expenditures and the cost of replacing parts of an asset are capitalized only if they increase the future economic benefits embod- ied in that asset. All other expenditures are expensed as incurred. When such replacement costs are cap- italized, the carrying amount of the parts that are replaced is recognized as a loss in the period of re- placement in the consolidated income statement. DEPRECIATION Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets, as follows: Depreciation rates Industrial buildings 3% - 20% Plant, machinery and equipment 5% - 22% Other assets 12% - 25% Land is not depreciated. If the asset being depreciated consists of separately identifiable components whose useful lives differ from that of the other parts making up the asset, depreciation is charged separately for each of its component parts through application of the “component approach”. LEASES The Group recognizes a right-of-use asset and a corre- sponding lease liability at the date at which the leased asset is available for use. Each lease payment is allo- cated between the principal liability and finance costs. Finance costs are charged to the consolidated income statement over the lease period using the effective in- terest rate method. The right-of-use asset is depreciat- ed on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Right-of-use assets are measured at cost compris- ing the following: (i) the amount of the initial measure- ment of lease liability; (ii) any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received; (iii) any initial direct costs and, if applicable, (iv) restoration costs. Payments associ- ated with short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognized as an expense in the consoli- dated income statement on a straight-line basis. Lease liabilities are measured at the net present value

[PAGE 345]
345 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F of the following: (i) fixed lease payments, (ii) variable lease payments that are based on an index or a rate and, if applicable, (iii) amounts expected to be pay- able by the lessee under residual value guarantees, and (iv) the exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option. Lease liabilities do not include any non-lease compo- nents that may be included in the related contracts. Lease payments are discounted using the inter- est rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be determined, the Group’s incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the Group would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value in a similar economic envi- ronment with similar terms and conditions. Some lease contracts contain variable pay- ment terms that are linked to sales generated from Ferrari stores. Variable lease payments that depend on sales are recognized in the consolidated income statement in the period in which the condition that triggers those payments occurs. Extension and termination options are included in a number of leases related to Ferrari stores, ware- houses and machinery and equipment of the Group. In determining the lease term, management consid- ers all facts and circumstances that create an eco- nomic incentive to exercise an extension option, or not exercise a termination option. Extension options (or periods after termination options) are only included in the lease term if the lease is reasonably certain to be extended (or not terminated). BORROWING COSTS General and specific borrowing costs directly at- tributable to the acquisition, construction or pro- duction of qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use, are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are sub- stantially ready for their intended use. All other borrowing costs are expensed in finan- cial expenses if related to the Group’s industrial activities or cost of sales if related to the Group’s financial services activities in the consolidated income statement, as incurred. IMPAIRMENT OF ASSETS The Group continuously monitors its operations to assess whether there is any indication that its in- tangible assets (including capitalized development costs) and its property, plant and equipment may be impaired. Goodwill is tested for impairment annually or more frequently, if there is an indication that an asset may be impaired. If indications of impairment are present, the car- rying amount of the asset is reduced to its recov- erable amount, which is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. The recover- able amount is determined for the individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets, in which case the asset is tested as part of the cash-generating unit (“CGU”) to which the asset belongs. A CGU is the smallest identifiable group of assets that generates cash inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets. In assessing the value in use of an asset or CGU, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a discount rate that reflects cur- rent market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset or CGU. An impair- ment loss is recognized if the recoverable amount is lower than the carrying amount. Where an impairment loss for assets other than goodwill subsequently no longer exists or has decreased, the carrying amount of the asset or CGU is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but not in excess of the carry- ing amount that would have been recorded had no impairment loss been recognized. The reversal of an impairment loss is recognized in the consolidated income statement immediately. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS PRESENTATION Current financial assets include trade receivables, receivables from financing activities, derivative fi- nancial instruments, other current financial assets and cash and cash equivalents. Investments and other financial assets include invest- ments accounted for using the equity method as well as other securities and non-current financial assets. Financial liabilities include debt (primarily bonds, notes, asset-backed financing (securitizations) and borrowings from banks), trade payables and other financial liabilities (mainly derivative financial instruments). MEASUREMENT Financial assets, other than investments account- ed for using the equity method, and financial lia- bilities are measured in accordance with IFRS 9 — Financial Instruments. Except for investments accounted for using the equity method, the Group initially measures finan- cial assets at fair value plus, in the case of financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Equity instruments held by the Group are recog- nized at fair value through profit or loss. When mar- ket prices are not directly available, the fair value is measured using appropriate valuation techniques (e.g. discounted cash flow analysis based on market information available at the balance sheet date). Trade receivables and receivables from financ- ing activities are originated in the ordinary course of business and held within a business model with the objective to hold the receivables in order to

[PAGE 346]
346 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F collect contractual cash flows that meet the “solely payments of principal and interest” criterion under IFRS 9, therefore they are measured at amor- tized cost using the effective interest rate method. Receivables with maturities greater than one year are discounted to present value. Assessments are made regularly as to whether there is any objective evidence that a financial asset or group of financial assets may be impaired. If any such evidence exists, an impairment loss is recognized within selling, general and adminis- trative costs for trade receivables and within cost of sales for receivables from financing activities. Under IFRS 9, a forward-looking expected credit loss model must be applied when assessing impair- ment. In making impairment assessments for trade receivables and for receivables from financing activities that are within the scope of IFRS 16, the Group applies the simplified approach to estimate the lifetime expected credit losses and considers its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for for- ward-looking factors specific to the nature of the Group’s receivables and economic environment. For all other receivables from financing activities, the Group applies the general approach, which requires the application of a three-stage model to assess whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk on the financial instrument since initial recognition. Stage Description Time period for measurement of ECL Stage 1 A financial instrument that is not credit-impaired on initial recognition 12-month ECL Stage 2 A financial instrument with a significant increase in credit risk since initialrecognition Lifetime ECL Stage 3 A financial instrument that is credit-impaired or has defaulted Lifetime ECL The Group considers a default to occur and a signif- icant increase in credit risk to occur when the coun- terparty fails to make contractual payments within a certain number of days of when they fall due. For example, for receivables from financing activities this typically occurs when the counterparty fails to make contractual payments within 60 days of when the related receivables fall due, while for trade re- ceivables this is assessed on a case by case basis. Receivables are written off when the counter- party fails to make contractual payments and there is no reasonable expectation of recovery, and in any circumstance no later than 360 days. When trade receivables or receivables from financing activities have been written off, the Company may continue to engage in enforcement actions to attempt to recover the receivables. Receivables from financ- ing activities are generally secured on the title of cars or other guarantees. Financial liabilities, with the exception of deriv- ative financial instruments, are measured at amor- tized cost using the effective interest rate method. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS Derivative financial instruments are used for eco- nomic hedging purposes only in order to reduce fi- nancial risks and in particular, foreign currency risks. Derivative financial instruments qualify for hedge accounting only when at the inception of the hedge there is formal designation and documentation of the hedging relationship, the hedge is expected to be highly effective, its effectiveness can be reliably measured and it is highly effective throughout the fi- nancial reporting periods for which it is designated. All derivative financial instruments are mea- sured at fair value. When derivative financial instruments qualify for hedge accounting, the following accounting treat- ments apply: Cash flow hedges Where a derivative financial instrument is designat- ed as a hedge of the exposure to variability in future cash flows of a recognized asset or liability or a highly probable forecasted transaction and could affect the consolidated income statement, the effective portion of any gain or loss on the derivative financial instru- ment is recognized directly in other comprehensive income/(loss). The cumulative gain or loss is reclassi- fied from other comprehensive income/(loss) to the consolidated income statement at the same time as the economic effect arising from the hedged item affects the consolidated income statement. The gain or loss associated with a hedge or part of a hedge that has become ineffective is recognized in the con- solidated income statement immediately within net financial income/expenses. When a hedging instru- ment or hedge relationship is terminated but the hedged transaction is still expected to occur, the cu- mulative gain or loss realized to the point of termina- tion remains in other comprehensive income/(loss) and is recognized in the consolidated income state- ment at the same time as the underlying transaction. If the hedged transaction is no longer probable, the cumulative unrealized gain or loss held in other com- prehensive income/(loss) is recognized in the consol- idated income statement immediately. The Group does not use fair value hedges or hedges of a net investment. If hedge accounting cannot be applied, the gains or losses from the fair value measurement of deriv-

[PAGE 347]
347 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F ative financial instruments are recognized immedi- ately within financial expenses. Transfers of financial assets The Group sells certain of its receivables from fi- nancing activities under securitization programs. Securitization transactions involve the sale of finan- cial receivables to a special purpose vehicle, which in turn finances the purchase of such financial re- ceivables by issuing asset-backed securities in the form of notes whose repayment of principal and in- terest depends on the cash flows generated by the related financial receivables. The receivables sold as part of securitization programs are consolidat- ed until collection from the customer as they do not meet the requirements for derecognition in accor- dance with IFRS 9. The Group may also sell certain of its trade receivables through factoring transactions without recourse. The Group derecognizes the trade receiv- ables when, and only when, the contractual rights and risks to the cash flows arising from the related trade receivables are no longer held or the Group has transferred the financial assets. In the case of a transfer of receivables, if the Group transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the receivables, it derecog- nizes the receivables and separately recognizes as assets or liabilities any rights and obligations cre- ated or retained in the transfer. On derecognition of the receivables, the difference between their carrying amount and the consideration received or receivable for the transfer of the receivables is recognized within cost of sales for receivables from financing activities and within financial income or financial expenses for trade receivables. TRADE RECEIVABLES Trade receivables are amounts due from clients for goods sold or services provided in the ordinary course of business. Trade receivables are recog- nized initially at fair value and subsequently mea- sured at amortized cost using the effective interest rate method, less any provision for allowances. INVENTORIES Inventories of raw materials, semi-finished products and finished goods are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value, cost being determined on a first-in first-out (FIFO) basis. The measurement of inventories includes the direct costs of materials, la- bor and indirect costs (variable and fixed). Purchase costs include ancillary costs. Prototypes are recog- nized at their estimated realizable value, if lower than production cost. Provision is made for obsolete and slow-moving raw materials, finished goods, spare parts and other supplies based on their expected fu- ture use and realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs for sale and distribution. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS Cash and cash equivalents includes cash in hand, de- posits held at call with banks and other short-term highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLANS Costs arising from defined contribution plans are expensed as incurred. DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS The Group’s net obligations are determined sepa- rately for each plan by estimating the present val- ue of future benefits that employees have earned in the current and prior periods, and deducting the fair value of any plan assets. The present value of the defined benefit obligation is measured using actu- arial techniques and actuarial assumptions that are unbiased and mutually compatible and attributes benefits to periods in which the obligation to pro- vide post-employment benefits arise by using the Projected Unit Credit Method. The components of the defined benefit cost are recognized as follows: • the service costs are recognized in the consol- idated income statement by function and pre- sented in the relevant line items (cost of sales, selling, general and administrative costs, re- search and development costs, etc.); • the net interest on the defined benefit liability is recognized in the consolidated income state- ment as net financial income /(expenses), and is determined by multiplying the net liability/(asset) by the discount rate used to discount obligations taking into account the effect of contributions and benefit payments made during the year; and • the remeasurement components of the net obli- gations, which comprise actuarial gains and loss- es and any change in the effect of the asset ceiling are recognized immediately in other comprehen- sive income/(loss). These remeasurement com- ponents are not reclassified in the consolidated income statement in a subsequent period. OTHER LONG-TERM EMPLOYEE BENEFITS The Group’s obligations represent the present val- ue of future benefits that employees have earned in return for their service during the current and prior periods. Remeasurement components on oth- er long-term employee benefits are recognized in the consolidated income statement in the period in which they arise.

[PAGE 349]
349 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION The Group has implemented equity incentive plans that provide for the granting of share-based com- pensation to the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer, all other members of the Ferrari Leadership Team and other key employees of the Group. The Group also provides share-based compensation as part of commercial agreements with certain sup- pliers. The share-based compensation arrange- ments are accounted for in accordance with IFRS 2 — Share-based Payment, which requires the Company to recognize share-based compensa- tion expense based on fair value of awards grant- ed. Compensation expense for the equity-settled awards containing market performance condi- tions is measured at the grant date fair value of the award using a Monte Carlo simulation model, which requires the input of subjective assumptions, in- cluding the expected volatility of the Company’s common stock, the dividend yield, interest rates and a correlation coefficient between the com- mon stock and the relevant market index. The fair value of the awards which are conditional only on a recipient’s continued service to the Company is measured using the share price at the grant date adjusted for the present value of future distribu- tions which employees will not receive during the vesting period. Share-based compensation expense relating to the equity incentive plans is recognized over the ser- vice period within selling, general and administrative costs or cost of sales in the consolidated income state- ment depending on the function of the employee, with an offsetting increase to equity. Share-based com- pensation expense relating to commercial agree- ments with certain suppliers is recognized over the period in which the supplier’s services are received and classified within the consolidated income state- ment depending on the function of the supplier’s ser- vices, with an offsetting increase to equity. PROVISIONS Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present obligation, legal or constructive, as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of re- sources embodying economic benefits will be re- quired to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate of the amount of the obligation can be made. WARRANTY AND RECALL CAMPAIGNS PROVISION All cars are sold with warranty coverage. The war- ranty coverage generally applies to defects that may become apparent within a certain period from the purchase of the car. The warranty provision is recognized at the time of the sale of the car, based on the present value of management’s estimate of the expected cost to fulfill the obligations over the contractual war- ranty period. Estimates are principally based on the Group’s historical claims or costs experience and the cost of parts and services to be incurred in the activities. The costs related to these provisions are recognized within cost of sales at the time when they are probable and reasonably estimable. See “—Use of estimates and judgments” below for further details relating to recall campaigns. DEFERRED INCOME Deferred income relates to amounts received by the Group under various agreements, which are reliant on the future performance of a service or other act of the Group. Deferred income is recognized as net revenues when the Group has fulfilled its obligations under the terms of the various agreements. Range models (models belonging to the Ferrari product portfolio, excluding Special Series, Icona, limited edition supercars and one-off models) are sold with a scheduled maintenance program to ensure that the cars are maintained to the highest standards to meet the Group’s strict requirements for performance and safety. Amounts attributable to the maintenance program are not recognized as income immediately, but are deferred over the main- tenance program term. The amount of the deferred income related to this program is based on the esti- mated fair value of the service to be provided. ADVANCES Advances relate to amounts received from or billed to customers in advance of having delivered the related cars or provided the related services. The advances are recognized in net revenues when the cars are shipped or the services provided. REVENUE RECOGNITION Revenue is recognized when control over a product or service is transferred to a customer. Revenue is measured at the transaction price which is based on the amount of consideration that the Group expects to receive in exchange for transferring the prom- ised goods or services to the customer and excludes any sales incentives as well as taxes collected from customers that are remitted to government author- ities. The transaction price will include estimates of variable consideration to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of revenue recognized will not occur. The Group enters into contracts that may include both products and services, which are gen- erally capable of being distinct and accounted for as separate performance obligations. The Group generates revenue from the sale of cars, spare parts and engines as well as from spon- sorship, commercial and brand activities. The Group accounts for a contract with a customer when there is a legally enforceable contract between the Group and the customer, the rights of the parties are identi- fied, the contract has commercial substance, and col- lectability of the contract consideration is probable.

[PAGE 350]
350 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F Payments from customers are typically due within 30 to 40 days of invoicing. The Group does not recognize any assets asso- ciated with the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer that are expected to be recovered. The majority of revenue is recognized at a point-in-time or over a period of one year or less, and the Group applies the practical expedient to rec- ognize the incremental costs of obtaining a contract as an expense when incurred if the amortization period of the asset that would otherwise be recog- nized is one year or less. CARS, SPARE PARTS AND ENGINES The sales of cars, spare parts and engines have multiple performance obligations that include prod- ucts, services, or a combination of products and services as contracts may include maintenance programs and extended warranties that are sep- arately priced or not separately priced. Contracts may also include variable consideration for dis- counts such as sales incentives and performance based bonuses and product returns. The Group of- fers incentives to its third-party dealers, which are designed to promote the sale of cars and parts, as well as a variety of other performance indicators, which may be qualitative or quantitative, such as quality service, customer satisfaction and preser- vation of the Ferrari brand, among others. The cost of incentives is estimated at the inception of a con- tract at the expected amount that will ultimately be paid and is recognized as a reduction to revenue generally at the time of the sale or when the dealer is expected to achieve the required performance if in relation to other performance indicators differ- ent from sales. Revenues recognized are limited to the amount of consideration the Group expects to receive. The Group allocates the transaction price to the performance obligations based on the stand alone selling prices (SSP) for each obligation. When the SSP does not exist, the Group estimates the SSP based on the adjusted market approach. Revenues for the sale of cars, spare parts and engines are recognized at a point in time when control of the cars, spare parts or engines is trans- ferred to the customer based on shipping terms, which generally corresponds to the date when the cars, spare parts and engines are released to the carrier responsible for transportation to dealers or Maserati. Revenues relating to the maintenance pro- gram are recognized over time based on the input method of measuring progress towards complete satisfaction of the related performance obliga- tion, calculated as a proportion of overall revenues expected during the maintenance period equal to the ratio of costs incurred in the reporting period compared to the overall costs to be incurred during the maintenance period. Revenues relating to the extended warranties are recognized on a straight- line basis over the extended warranty period. Revenues from the supply of engines and related services to other Formula 1 racing teams are recog- nized over time on a time and materials basis when the services are provided. Management has exercised judgment in deter- mining performance obligations, variable consider- ation, allocation of transaction price and the timing of revenue recognition. SPONSORSHIP, COMMERCIAL AND BRAND ACTIVITIES Revenues from sponsorship agreements in connec- tion with our participation in racing competitions are generally recognized ratably over the contract term as the customer benefits from the service throughout the service period. Revenues from sponsorship agreements that contain variable con- sideration based on the performance of the Group’s racing teams are estimated and recognized over the relevant period to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal in the amount of the cu- mulative revenue recognized will not occur, which is typically when it is considered highly probable that the related conditions associated with the variable consideration will be achieved. Revenues from commercial activities primar- ily relate to the revenues from participating in the Formula 1 World Championship. The revenues attributable to each racing team are governed by a specific agreement and depend upon, among other factors, the prior year ranking of each of the racing teams. Revenues of the commercial activities are recognized ratably over the contract term. Revenues from brand licensing agreements where the customer has a right to access the Group’s brands or the contract includes minimum guaranteed payments are recognized on a straight- line basis over the contract term. Licensing reve- nues in excess of the minimum guaranteed pay- ments are recognized when the related conditions are satisfied. Revenues from sales-based licensing agreements are recognized when the sales occur. Management has exercised judgment in deter- mining variable consideration. OTHER REVENUES Interest income generated by our financial service activities from the provision of client and dealer fi- nancing is reported within revenues using the effec- tive interest rate method and not within net financial income/expenses. COST OF SALES Cost of sales comprises expenses incurred in the manufacturing and distribution of cars and parts (including the engines rented to other Formula 1 rac- ing teams), of which, cost of materials, components and labor costs are the most significant portion. The remaining costs principally include depreciation, amortization, insurance and transportation costs.

[PAGE 351]
351 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F Cost of sales also includes warranty and product-re- lated costs, which are estimated and recorded at the time of sale of the car. Expenses which are directly attributable to the financial services companies, including the interest expenses related to their financing as a whole and provisions for risks and write-downs of assets, are also reported in cost of sales. OTHER EXPENSES AND OTHER INCOME Other expenses consist of miscellaneous costs which cannot be allocated to specific functional ar- eas, such as indirect taxes, accruals for provisions not attributable to cost of sales or selling, general and administrative costs, and other miscellaneous expenses, including marketing expenses incurred on behalf of our third-party dealers. Other income consists of miscellaneous income that is not directly attributable to the sale of goods or services, such as gains on the disposal of property plant and equipment, the release of certain provi- sions originally recognized as other expenses, rental income and other miscellaneous income. TAXES Income taxes include all taxes based upon the tax- able profits of the Group. Current and deferred tax- es are recognized as income or expense and are in- cluded in the consolidated income statement for the period, except tax arising from (i) a transaction or event which is recognized, in the same or a different period, either in other comprehensive income/(loss) or directly in equity, or (ii) a business combination. Deferred taxes are accounted using the balance sheet method. Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for all taxable temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities and their tax base, except to the extent that the deferred tax liabil- ities arise from the initial recognition of goodwill or the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a trans- action which is not a business combination and at the time of the transaction, affects neither account- ing profit nor taxable profit. Deferred tax assets are recognized for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences can be utilized, unless the deferred tax assets arise from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business com- bination and at the time of the transaction, affects neither accounting profit nor taxable profit. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the substantively enacted tax rates in the respec- tive jurisdictions in which the Group operates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realized or liability is settled. Any remeasurements to deferred tax assets and liabilities as a result of changes in substantially enacted tax rates are rec- ognized in the consolidated income statement. The recoverability of deferred tax assets is depen- dent on the Group’s ability to generate sufficient future taxable income in the period in which it is assumed that the deductible temporary differenc- es reverse and tax losses carried forward can be utilized. In making this assessment, the Group con- siders future taxable income arising on the most re- cent budgets and plans, prepared by using the same criteria described for testing the impairment of as- sets and goodwill, moreover, it estimates the impact of the reversal of taxable temporary differences on earnings and it also considers the period over which these assets could be recovered. The carry- ing amount of deferred tax assets is reduced to the extent that it is not probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow the benefit of part or all of the deferred tax assets to be utilized. The car- rying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date. The Group recognizes deferred tax liabilities associated with the existence of a subsidiary’s undis- tributed profits, except when it is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that this temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. The Group recognizes deferred tax assets associated with the deductible temporary differences on investments in subsidiaries only to the extent that it is probable that the temporary differences will reverse in the foresee- able future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary difference can be utilized. Deferred tax assets relating to the carry-for- ward of unused tax losses and tax credits, as well as those arising from deductible temporary differ- ences, are recognized to the extent that it is proba- ble that future profits will be available against which they can be utilized. Current income taxes and deferred taxes are offset when they relate to the same taxation author- ity and there is a legally enforceable right of offset. Imposta Regionale sulle Attività Produttive (“IRAP”) is recognized within income tax expense. IRAP is calculated on a measure of income defined by the Italian Civil Code as the difference between operating revenues and costs, before financial income and expense, and in particular before the cost of fixed-term employees, credit losses and any interest included in lease payments. IRAP is applied on the tax base at 3.9 percent for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022. Tax uncertainties are accounted for in accor- dance with IFRIC 23. Other taxes not based on income, such as prop- erty taxes and capital taxes, are included in other expenses, net. DIVIDENDS Dividends payable by the Group are reported as a change in equity in the period in which they are ap- proved by shareholders or the Board of Directors as applicable under local rules and regulations.

[PAGE 352]
352 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F ROUNDING OF AMOUNTS All amounts disclosed in the consolidated financial statements and notes have been rounded off to the nearest thousand Euro unless otherwise stated. SEGMENT REPORTING The Group has determined that it has one operating and one reportable segment based on the informa- tion reviewed by the Board of Directors (the Group’s “Chief Operating Decision Maker” as defined in IFRS 8 — Operating Segments) in making decisions re- garding the allocation of resources and to assess performance. For additional disclosures required by IFRS 8, see Note 31 “Entity-Wide Disclosures”. USE OF ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS The Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards, which require the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the carrying amount of as- sets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent as- sets and liabilities and the amounts of income and expenses recognized. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on elements that are known when the financial statements are prepared, on his- torical experience and on any other factors that are considered to be relevant. Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed periodically and continuously by the Group. If the items subject to estimates do not per- form as assumed, then the actual results could dif- fer from the estimates, which would require adjust- ments. The effects of any changes in estimates are recognized in the consolidated income statement in the period in which the changes are made, or pro- spectively in future periods. The most significant estimates and judgments made by management are described below. MAINTENANCE PROGRAMS AND EXTENDED WARRANTIES The Group’s new cars are sold with a scheduled mainte- nance program to ensure that the cars are maintained to the highest standards to meet the Group’s strict re- quirements for performance and safety. Amounts at- tributable to the maintenance programs are not rec- ognized as income immediately, but are recognized over the maintenance program term based on the in- put method of measuring progress towards complete satisfaction of the related performance obligation, cal- culated as a proportion of overall revenues expected during the maintenance period equal to the ratio of costs incurred in the reporting period compared to the overall costs to be incurred during the maintenance period. The amount of the deferred income related to this program is based on the estimated fair value of the service to be provided. The Group also offers various extended warranty programs to customers that pro- vide additional coverage beyond the warranty period required by applicable law or included with all new car sales. Revenues relating to the extended warranties are recognized on a straight-line basis over the extend- ed warranty period. Management has exercised judg- ment in determining performance obligations, variable consideration, allocation of the transaction price and the timing of revenue recognition in relation to its main- tenance programs and extended warranties. RECALL CAMPAIGNS The Group periodically initiates voluntary service ac- tions to address various client satisfaction, safety and emissions issues related to cars sold. Included in the reserve is the estimated cost of these services and re- call actions. Considering the nature of the recall cam- paigns, in certain circumstances management may exercise judgment in determining the related provi- sions. The estimated future costs of these actions are based primarily on historical experience and the cost of parts and services to be incurred in the specified activities, and are recognized at the time when they are probable and reasonably estimable. Estimates of the future costs of these actions are inevitably impre- cise due to several uncertainties, including the num- ber of cars affected by a service or recall action. It is reasonably possible that the ultimate cost of these service and recall actions may require the Group to make expenditures in excess of (or less than) estab- lished reserves over an extended period of time and the estimates are periodically reviewed during the year. Due to the uncertainty and potential volatility of these estimated factors, changes in the assumptions used could affect the results of operations. CLIMATE-RELATED MATTERS Global climate change is resulting in, and is expected to continue to result in, natural disasters and extreme weather occurring more frequently or with greater intensity, including droughts, wildfires, storms, rising sea-levels, flooding, heat waves and cold waves. Such extreme events are driving changes in market dy- namics, stakeholder expectations, local, national and international climate change policies and regulations. The global automotive industry in particular is currently experiencing significant developments due to an increased focus on climate change and evolving regulatory requirements and technolog- ical changes relating to fuel efficiency, electrifica- tion and greenhouse gas emissions, among others, which are also impacting the luxury performance sports car market in which the Group operates. As these regulatory developments and tech- nological changes continue to evolve, the Group’s strategies, operations and business plans may change and the recoverability of the Group’s assets could be impacted, including the recoverability of goodwill, capitalized development costs and prop- erty, plant and equipment.

[PAGE 353]
353 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F Goodwill The Group’s goodwill amounted to €785,182 thou- sand at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023. As required by IFRS Accounting Standards, an annu- al impairment test must be performed for goodwill, which may require management to exercise judg- ment in determining expected future cash flows. Based on the impairment tests performed by man- agement, the recoverable amount of goodwill was significantly higher than its carrying amount for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022. Furthermore, the exclusivity of the Group’s busi- ness, its historical profitability and its future earn- ings prospects indicate that the carrying amount of the goodwill will continue to be recoverable even in the event of difficult economic and market condi- tions, including those that may be caused by regu- latory developments or climate-related matters. For additional information relating to the goodwill test performed, see Note 13 “Goodwill”. Non-current assets with definite useful lives The Group’s non-current assets (excluding good- will) primarily include intangible assets, which pri- marily relate to development costs, and property, plant and equipment. At December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Group’s intangible assets amounted to €1,545,664 thousand and €1,419,699 thousand, respectively (of which €1,502,889 thou- sand and €1,369,895 thousand related to devel- opment costs), and the Group’s property, plant and equipment amounted to €1,828,784 thousand and €1,575,200 thousand, respectively. The Group makes significant investments for the development of its existing and future product portfolio, and cap- italized development costs recognized for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 amounted to €476,467 thousand and €448,380 thousand respec- tively. These costs were capitalized in accordance with the criteria in IAS 38 — Intangible Assets, includ- ing, among others: (i) the costs can be measured re- liably, (ii) the technical feasibility of the product, es- timated volumes and expected pricing all support the view that the development expenditure will gen- erate future economic benefits, based primarily on information specific to business initiatives underly- ing the Group’s business plans, and (iii) the Company has the intention to complete the development and the ability to use the related intangible assets. Management may use judgment in distinguishing between research phases and development phases, including as a result of regulatory developments. For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, no impairment indicators were identified and the Group did not recognize any impairment charges for non-current assets with definite useful lives. Provisions The Group sells its cars around the world and is sub- ject to a variety of laws and regulations relating to the environment, and in particular, to the emissions of its cars. The group’s cars, together with the en- gines that power them, must comply with extensive regional, national and local laws and regulations, and industry self-regulations (including those that regu- late vehicle safety). The Group is currently benefit- ing from certain regulatory exemptions because it qualifies as a small vehicle manufacturer or similar designation in certain jurisdictions where it sells cars. These exemptions provide a range of benefits, from less stringent emissions caps and compliance date extensions, to exemptions from zero emission vehicle production requirements, which may re- quire management to use judgment. The Group rec- ognized provisions for environmental risks based on management’s best estimates of the future cash outflows that will be required to settle the Group’s related obligations. For additional information see Note 23 “Provisions”. Other areas requiring estimates in the prepara- tion of the consolidated financial statements include the following: revenue recognition, product war- ranty liabilities, recoverability of goodwill, recov- erability of non-current assets with definite useful lives, share-based compensation, litigation and con- tingent liabilities, and current and deferred taxes.

[PAGE 354]
354 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F (3) SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION Ferrari N.V. is the parent company of the Group and it holds, directly and indirectly, interests in the Group’s main operating companies. The Group’s scope of consolidation at December 31, 2024 and 2023 was as follows: At December 31, 2024 At December 31, 2023 Name Country Nature of business Shares held by the Group Shares held by NCI Shares held by the Group Shares held by NCI Directly held interests Ferrari S.p.A. Italy Engineering, manufacturing and sales 100% —% 100% —% New Business 33 S.p.A. (1) Italy Engineering, manufacturing and sales 100% —% 100% —% Indirectly held through Ferrari S.p.A. Ferrari North America Inc. USA Importer and distributor 100% —% 100% —% Ferrari Japan KK Japan Importer and distributor 100% —% 100% —% Ferrari Australasia Pty Limited Australia Importer and distributor 100% —% 100% —% Ferrari International Cars Trading (Shanghai) Co. L.t.d. China Importer and distributor 80% 20% 80% 20% Ferrari (HK) Limited Hong Kong Importer and distributor 100% —% 100% —% Ferrari Far East Pte Limited Singapore Service company 100% —% 100% —% Ferrari Management Consulting (Shanghai) Co. L.t.d. China Service company 100% —% 100% —% Ferrari South West Europe S.a.r.l. France Service company 100% —% 100% —% Ferrari Central Europe GmbH Germany Service company 100% —% 100% —% G.S.A. S.A. in liquidation Switzerland Service company 100% —% 100% —% Mugello Circuit S.p.A. Italy Racetrack management 100% —% 100% —% Ferrari Financial Services, Inc. USA Financial services 100% —% 100% —% Indirectly held through other Group entities Ferrari Auto Securitization Transaction LLC (2) USA Financial services 100% —% 100% —% Ferrari Auto Securitization Transaction - Lease, LLC (2) USA Financial services 100% —% 100% —% Ferrari Auto Securitization Transaction - Select, LLC (2) USA Financial services 100% —% 100% —% Ferrari Financial Services Titling Trust (2) USA Financial services 100% —% 100% —% Ferrari Lifestyle North America, Inc. (3) (4) USA Retail 100% —% 100% —% (1) With effectiveness as of January 1, 2025, New Business 33 S.p.A. was merged by incorporation into Ferrari S.p.A. (2) Shareholding held by Ferrari Financial Services Inc. within the context of securitization transactions for receivables generated by the Group’s financial services activities in the United States. (3) Shareholding held by Ferrari North America Inc. (4) Effective as of January 12, 2024, the company changed its name from 410 Park Display, Inc to Ferrari Lifestyle North America, Inc.

[TABLE] 100% | —%
[TABLE] 100% | —%
[TABLE] 100% | —%
[TABLE] 100% | —%
[TABLE] 100% | —%
[TABLE] 80% | 20%
[TABLE] 100% | —%
[TABLE] 100% | —%
[TABLE] 100% | —%
[TABLE] 100% | —%
[TABLE] 100% | —%
[TABLE] 100% | —%
[TABLE] 100% | —%
[TABLE] 100% | —%
[TABLE] 100% | —%
[TABLE] 100% | —%
[TABLE] 100% | —%
[TABLE] 100% | —%
[TABLE] 100% | —%

[PAGE 355]
355 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS The non-controlling interests at December 31, 2024 and 2023 and the net profit attributable to non-controlling interests for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 relate to Ferrari International Cars Trading (Shanghai) Co. L.t.d. (“FICTS”), in which the Group holds an 80 percent interest. At December 31, 2024 2023 (€ thousand) Equity attributable to non-controlling interests 9,292 9,734 For the years ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (€ thousand) Net profit attributable to non-controlling interests 4,036 5,409 6,680 The non-controlling interests in FICTS are not considered to be significant to the Group for the periods presented in these Consolidated Financial Statements. (4) NET REVENUES Net revenues are as follows: For the years ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (€ thousand) Revenues from: Cars and spare parts 5,727,688 5,119,181 4,321,120 Sponsorship, commercial and brand 669,776 571,759 498,861 Other (1) 279,204 279,206 275,273 Total net revenues 6,676,668 5,970,146 5,095,254 (1) Starting from 2024, residual net revenues generated from the sale of engines are presented within other net revenues as a result of the expiration of the supply contract with Maserati in December 2023. As a result, net revenues generated from engines of €126,748 thousand and €155,342 thousand for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 that were previously presented as “Engines” net revenues have been presented within “Other” net revenues to conform to the current presentation. Other net revenues primarily relate to financial services activities, management of the Mugello racetrack and other sports-related activities, as well as net revenues generated from the sale of engines to other Formula 1 racing teams and fromthe sale of engines to Maserati, for which the contract expired in December 2023. Interest and other financial income from financial services activities included within net revenues in 2024, 2023 and 2022 amounted to €130,406 thousand, €99,661 thousand and €69,389 thousand, respectively.

[TABLE] 5,727,688
[TABLE] 669,776
[TABLE] 279,204
[TABLE] 6,676,668

[PAGE 356]
356 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F (5) COST OF SALES Cost of sales in 2024, 2023 and 2022 amounted to €3,329,483 thousand, €2,995,877 thousand and €2,648,953 thousand, respectively, consisting mainly of the cost of materials, components and labor related to the manufacturing and distribution of cars and spare parts. Cost of sales also include depreciation and amortization, insurance, transportation costs, and warranty and product-liability related costs, as well as production costs for engines sold to Maserati and engines rented to other Formula 1 racing teams. Interest and other financial expenses from financial services activities included within cost of sales in 2024, 2023 and 2022 amounted to €88,308 thousand, €60,808 thousand and €27,145 thousand, respectively. (6) SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS Selling, general and administrative costs are as follows: For the years ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (€ thousand) Selling costs 288,538 236,443 226,988 General and administrative costs 272,606 226,137 200,986 Total selling, general and administrative costs 561,144 462,580 427,974 Selling costs consist mainly of costs for sales personnel, marketing and events, and retail stores. Costs for marketing and events primarily relate to corporate events, trade shows and media and client events for the launch of new models, lifestyle events (including the use of digital solutions), as well as indirect marketing costs incurred mainly through the Formula 1 racing team, Scuderia Ferrari. General and administrative costs consist mainly of administration and other general expenses that are not directly attributable to manufacturing, sales or research and development activities, including for personnel and the continuous development of the Group’s digital infrastructure.

[TABLE] 288,538
[TABLE] 272,606
[TABLE] 561,144

[PAGE 357]
357 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F (7) RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT COSTS Research and development costs are as follows: For the years ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (€ thousand) Research and development costs expensed during the year 563,311 538,903 517,842 Amortization of capitalized development costs 330,781 342,656 257,730 Total research and development costs 894,092 881,559 775,572 Research and development costs expensed during the period primarily relate to research and development activities for Formula 1 racing as well as development activities to support the innovation of our product portfolio and components, in particular, in relation to electric and other new technologies. Research and development costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 and, to a lesser extent, for the years December 31, 2024 and 2023 are recognized net of technology-related government incentives. (8) OTHER EXPENSES, NET Other expenses, net are as follows: For the years ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (€ thousand) Other income 21,818 10,958 12,446 Other expenses 34,261 29,856 33,994 Total other expenses, net 12,443 18,898 21,548 Other expenses mainly related to indirect taxes, provisions, and other miscellaneous expenses and other income mainly related to rental income, gains on the disposal of property, plant and equipment and other miscellaneous income.

[TABLE] 563,311
[TABLE] 330,781
[TABLE] 894,092
[TABLE] 21,818
[TABLE] 34,261
[TABLE] 12,443

[PAGE 358]
358 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F (9) FINANCIAL EXPENSES AND FINANCIAL INCOME Financial expenses and financial income are as follows: For the years ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (€ thousand) Foreign exchange gains 92,051 91,019 78,674 Interest income 31,486 25,813 4,150 Other financial income 23,563 15,487 1,034 Financial income 147,100 132,319 83,858 Foreign exchange losses 99,087 111,216 104,597 Interest expenses 40,054 29,258 25,489 Other financial expenses 6,754 6,860 3,388 Financial expenses 145,895 147,334 133,474 Financial (income)/expenses, net (1,205) 15,015 49,616 Financial expenses primarily relate to foreign exchange losses, including the net costs of hedging, and interest expenses on debt. Financial income primarily relates to foreign exchange gains, interest income on cash and cash equivalents and for 2023, also to gains of €7,940 thousand realized on the partial cash tender executed during the third quarter of 2023 on a bond due in 2025. For additional information see Note 24 “Debt”. Interest and other financial income, and interest expenses and other financial charges, from financial services activities are recognized within net revenues and cost of sales, respectively. (10) INCOME TAXES Income tax expense is as follows: For the years ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (€ thousand) Current tax expense 383,481 347,162 269,924 Deferred tax benefit (17,483) (4,541) (30,178) Taxes relating to prior years (2,955) 2,276 (1,274) Total income tax expense 363,043 344,897 238,472 The Group’s Italian entities participate in a group Italian tax consolidation under Ferrari N.V. Income tax expense amounted to €363,043 thousand, €344,897 thousand and €238,472 thousand for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.

[TABLE] 92,051
[TABLE] 31,486
[TABLE] 23,563
[TABLE] 147,100
[TABLE] 99,087
[TABLE] 40,054
[TABLE] 6,754
[TABLE] 145,895
[TABLE] (1,205)
[TABLE] 383,481
[TABLE] (17,483)
[TABLE] (2,955)
[TABLE] 363,043

[PAGE 359]
359 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F Income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 benefited from the coexistence of two Patent Box tax regimes. The Patent Box regime firstly introduced by the Italian Law No. 190/2014 was implemented by the Group from 2020 to 2024, recognizing the tax benefit over three annual installments. The new Patent Box regime regulated by Law Decree No. 146, effective from October 22, 2021, provides for a 110% supertax deduction for costs relating to eligible intangible assets and allows for a transitional period where both Patent Box tax regimes coexist. The table below provides a reconciliation between actual income tax expense and the theoretical income tax expense, calculated on the basis of the applicable corporate tax rate in effect in Italy, which was 24.0 percent for each of the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022. For the years ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (€ thousand) Profit before taxes 1,888,956 1,602,354 1,177,766 Theoretical income tax rate 24.0% 24.0% 24.0% Theoretical income tax expense 453,349 384,565 282,664 Tax effect on: Permanent and other differences (145,802) (95,836) (85,736) Italian Regional Income Tax (IRAP) 50,408 48,912 39,446 Effect of changes in tax rates and tax regulations 938 961 553 Differences between foreign tax rates and the theoretical Italian tax rate and tax holidays 2,681 2,156 1,945 Taxes relating to prior years (2,955) 2,276 (1,274) Withholding tax on earnings 4,424 1,863 875 Income tax expense 363,043 344,897 238,472 Effective tax rate 19.2% 21.5% 20.2% The effective tax rate was 19.2 percent, 21.5 percent and 20.2 percent for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Patent Box benefit relating to 2024, 2023 and 2022 is included within “permanent and other differences” in the tax rate reconciliation above. Imposta Regionale sulle Attività Produttive (“IRAP”) (current and deferred) in 2024, 2023 and 2022 amounted to €50,408 thousand, €48,912 thousand and €39,446 thousand, respectively. IRAP is only applicable to Italian entities and is calculated on a measure of income defined by the Italian Civil Code as the difference between operating revenues and costs, before financial income and expense, and in particular before the cost of fixed-term employees, credit losses and any interest included in lease payments. IRAP is calculated using financial information prepared under Italian accounting standards. IRAP is applied on the tax base at 3.9 percent for each of the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022.

[TABLE] 1,888,956
[TABLE] 24.0%
[TABLE] 453,349
[TABLE] (145,802)
[TABLE] 50,408
[TABLE] 938
[TABLE] 2,681
[TABLE] (2,955)
[TABLE] 4,424
[TABLE] 363,043
[TABLE] 19.2%

[PAGE 360]
360 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F The analysis of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities at December 31, 2024 and 2023, is as follows: At December 31, 2024 2023 (€ thousand) Deferred tax assets: To be recovered after 12 months 93,073 128,110 To be recovered within 12 months 143,718 89,443 236,791 217,553 Deferred tax liabilities: To be realized after 12 months (82,429) (100,865) To be realized within 12 months (27,587) (35,981) (110,016) (136,846) Net deferred tax assets 126,775 80,707 The movements in deferred income tax assets and liabilities during the year, without taking into consideration the offsetting of balances within the same tax jurisdiction, are as follows: At December 31, 2023 Recognized in consolidated income statement Charged to equity Translation differences and other changes At December 31, 2024 (€ thousand) Deferred tax assets arising on: Provisions 183,035 10,703 — 892 194,630 Intercompany profit on inventory and obsolescence 119,920 15,522 — 194 135,636 Allowances for doubtful accounts 5,060 1,787 — (11) 6,836 Depreciation 17,782 92 — (13) 17,861 Trademark step-up 78,678 (1,674) — — 77,004 Patent Box regime 94,268 39,224 — — 133,492 Other 20,873 (10,217) 14,010 3,198 27,864 Deferred tax assets (prior to offsetting) 519,616 55,437 14,010 4,260 593,323 Offsetting of deferred tax assets (302,063) (356,532) Total deferred tax assets 217,553 236,791 Deferred tax liabilities arising on: Depreciation (3,458) (645) — (155) (4,258) Capitalization of development costs (385,257) (37,132) — — (422,389) Tax on undistributed earnings (18,859) (1,178) — — (20,037) Other (31,335) 1,001 9,768 702 (19,864) Total deferred tax liabilities (prior to offsetting) (438,909) (37,954) 9,768 547 (466,548)

[TABLE] 93,073
[TABLE] 143,718
[TABLE] 236,791
[TABLE] (82,429)
[TABLE] (27,587)
[TABLE] (110,016)
[TABLE] 126,775
[TABLE] 194,630
[TABLE] 135,636
[TABLE] 6,836
[TABLE] 17,861
[TABLE] 77,004
[TABLE] 133,492
[TABLE] 27,864
[TABLE] 593,323
[TABLE] (356,532)
[TABLE] 236,791
[TABLE] (4,258)
[TABLE] (422,389)
[TABLE] (20,037)
[TABLE] (19,864)
[TABLE] (466,548)

[PAGE 361]
361 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F Offsetting of deferred tax liabilities 302,063 356,532 Total deferred tax liabilities (136,846) (110,016) Total net deferred tax assets/ (liabilities) 80,707 17,483 23,778 4,807 126,775 At December 31, 2022 Recognized in consolidated income statement Charged to equity Translation differences and other changes At December 31, 2023 (€ thousand) Deferred tax assets arising on: Provisions 171,914 11,121 — — 183,035 Intercompany profit on inventory and obsolescence 100,835 19,305 — (220) 119,920 Allowances for doubtful accounts 5,223 (166) — 3 5,060 Depreciation 17,533 264 — (15) 17,782 Trademark step-up 85,374 (6,696) — — 78,678 Patent Box regime 78,381 15,887 — — 94,268 Other 20,948 2,537 (52) (2,560) 20,873 Deferred tax assets (prior to offsetting) 480,208 42,252 (52) (2,792) 519,616 Offsetting of deferred tax assets (276,826) (302,063) Total deferred tax assets 203,382 217,553 Deferred tax liabilities arising on: Depreciation (5,057) 1,507 — 92 (3,458) Capitalization of development costs (355,574) (29,683) — — (385,257) Tax on undistributed earnings (10,578) (8,281) — — (18,859) Other (32,124) (1,254) 6,403 (4,360) (31,335) Total deferred tax liabilities (prior to offsetting) (403,333) (37,711) 6,403 (4,268) (438,909) Offsetting of deferred tax liabilities 276,826 302,063 Total deferred tax liabilities (126,507) (136,846) Total net deferred tax assets/ (liabilities) 76,875 4,541 6,351 (7,060) 80,707 The decision to recognize deferred tax assets is made for each company in the Group by assessing whether the conditions exist for the future recoverability of such assets by taking into account the basis of the most recent forecasts from budgets and business plans. Deferred taxes on the undistributed earnings of subsidiaries have not been recognized, except in cases where it is probable the distribution will occur in the foreseeable future. At December 31, 2024, the aggregate amount of temporary differences related to remaining distributable earnings of the Group’s subsidiaries where deferred tax liabilities have not been recognized amounted to €286,653 thousand (€251,029 thousand at December 31, 2023).

[TABLE] 356,532
[TABLE] (110,016)
[TABLE] 126,775
[TABLE] 183,035
[TABLE] 119,920
[TABLE] 5,060
[TABLE] 17,782
[TABLE] 78,678
[TABLE] 94,268
[TABLE] 20,873
[TABLE] 519,616
[TABLE] (302,063)
[TABLE] 217,553
[TABLE] (3,458)
[TABLE] (385,257)
[TABLE] (18,859)
[TABLE] (31,335)
[TABLE] (438,909)
[TABLE] 302,063
[TABLE] (136,846)
[TABLE] 80,707

[PAGE 362]
362 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F (11) OTHER INFORMATION BY NATURE Personnel costs in 2024, 2023 and 2022 amount- ed to €626,287 thousand, €575,215 thousand and €527,316 thousand, respectively. These amounts in- clude costs that were capitalized in connection with product development activities. In 2024, 2023 and 2022 the Group had an average number of employ- ees of is 5,327, 4,960 and 4,691, respectively. Depreciation of property, plant and equipment amounted to €299,638 thousand, €290,204 thou- sand and €259,849 thousand for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively Amortization of intangible assets amounted to €367,139 thousand, €372,101 thousand and €286,376 thousand for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. (12) EARNINGS PER SHARE BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity holders of Ferrari by the weighted average number of common shares issued and outstanding during the period. The following table provides the amounts used in the calculation of basic earnings per share for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022: For the years ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 Profit attributable to owners of the Company € thousand 1,521,877 1,252,048 932,614 Weighted average number of common shares for basic earnings per common share thousand 179,743 181,220 182,836 Basic earnings per common share € 8.47 6.91 5.11 DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the weighted average number of shares for diluted earnings per share includes the theoretical effect of the potential common shares that would be issued for the Group’s equity incentive plans (assuming 100 percent of the target awards vested). See Note 21 “Share-Based Compensation” for additional details related to the Group’s equity incentive plans. The following table provides the amounts used in the calculation of diluted earnings per share for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022: For the years ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 Profit attributable to owners of the Company € thousand 1,521,877 1,252,048 932,614 Weighted average number of common shares for diluted earnings per common share thousand 179,992 181,511 183,121 Diluted earnings per common share € 8.46 6.90 5.09

[TABLE] 1,521,877
[TABLE] 179,743
[TABLE] 8.47
[TABLE] 1,521,877
[TABLE] 179,992
[TABLE] 8.46

[PAGE 363]
363 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F The following table provides a reconciliation from the weighted average number of common shares for basic earnings per share to the weighted average number of common shares for diluted earnings per share. For the years ended December 31, Number of shares 2024 2023 2022 Weighted average number of common shares for basic earnings per share 179,743 181,220 182,836 Adjustments for calculation of diluted earnings per share: Share-based compensation 249 291 285 Weighted average number of common shares for diluted earnings per share 179,992 181,511 183,121 (13) GOODWILL At December 31, 2024 and 2023 goodwill amounted to €785,182 thousand. In accordance with IAS 36, goodwill is not amor- tized and is tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if facts or circumstances indicate that the asset may be impaired. Impairment testing is performed by comparing the carrying amount and the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (CGU), which is represented by the entire Ferrari Group. The recoverable amount of the CGU is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. The assumptions used in this process represent management’s best estimate for the period under consideration. The estimate of the value in use of the CGU for purposes of performing the annual impair- ment test was based on the following assumptions: The expected future cash flows covering the period from 2025 through 2028 have been derived from the Ferrari business plan. In particular the esti- mate considers expected EBITDA adjusted to reflect the expected capital expenditure. These cash flows relate to the CGU in its condition when preparing the consolidated financial statements and exclude the estimated cash flows that might arise from restruc- turing plans or other structural changes. Expected volumes and sales mix used for estimating the future cash flows are based on assumptions that are consid- ered reasonable and sustainable and represent the best estimate of expected conditions regarding mar- ket trends for the CGU over the period considered. The expected future cash flows include a nor- malized terminal period used to estimate the future results beyond the time period explicitly consid- ered, which were calculated by using the specific medium/long-term growth rate for the sector equal to 2.0 percent in 2024 (2.0 percent in 2023 and 2022). The expected future cash flows have been estimated in Euro, and discounted using a post-tax discount rate appropriate for that currency, deter- mined by using a base WACC of 8.45 percent in 2024 (9.21 percent in 2023 and 8.10 percent in 2022). The WACC used reflects the current market assess- ment of the time value of money for the period being considered and the risks specific to the CGU under consideration. The decrease in the WACC between 2024 and 2023 is primarily the result of a lower risk free rate driven by central banks decreasing inter- est rates in several regions where the Group oper- ates, as well as a decrease in the equity risk premium driven by market factors and conditions. The recoverable amount of the CGU was signifi- cantly higher than its carrying amount. Furthermore, the exclusivity of the business, its historical profit- ability and its future earnings prospects indicate that the carrying amount of the goodwill will con- tinue to be recoverable, even in the event of difficult economic and market conditions. See Note 2 “Material Accounting Policies—Use of estimates and judgments—Climate-related mat- ters—Goodwill” for additional details related to cli- mate-related matters.

[TABLE] 179,743
[TABLE] 249
[TABLE] 179,992

[PAGE 364]
364 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F (14) INTANGIBLE ASSETS Intangible assets are as follows: Externally acquired development costs Development costs internally generated Patents, concessions and licenses Other intangible assets Total (€ thousand) Gross carrying amount at December 31, 2022 2,334,817 1,007,704 291,379 58,665 3,692,565 Additions 272,975 175,405 23,849 14,919 487,148 Divestitures — — — (2,564) (2,564) Reclassifications — 5,558 3,399 (3,399) 5,558 Translation differences and other movements — (296) (42) 167 (171) Balance at December 31, 2023 2,607,792 1,188,371 318,585 67,788 4,182,536 Additions 306,559 169,908 26,453 3,954 506,874 Divestitures (14,632) (945) (1,613) (12) (17,202) Reclassifications — — 10,267 (9,684) 583 Translation differences and other movements 2,633 (2,632) — (15,000) (14,999) Balance at December 31, 2024 2,902,352 1,354,702 353,692 47,046 4,657,792 Accumulated amortization at December 31, 2022 1,510,124 567,930 258,995 48,128 2,385,177 Amortization 250,033 92,623 27,923 1,522 372,101 Divestitures — — — — Reclassification — 5,558 (4,283) 4,283 5,558 Translation differences and other movements — — (7) 8 1 Balance at December 31, 2023 1,760,157 666,111 282,628 53,941 2,762,837 Amortization 237,414 93,367 34,695 1,663 367,139 Divestitures (2,881) — — — (2,881) Reclassification — — 31 — 31 Translation differences and other movements — 3 — (14,995) (14,998) Balance at December 31, 2024 1,994,690 759,475 317,354 40,609 3,112,128 Carrying amount at: December 31, 2022 824,693 439,774 32,384 10,537 1,307,388 December 31, 2023 847,635 522,260 35,957 13,847 1,419,699 December 31, 2024 907,662 595,227 36,338 6,437 1,545,664 Additions were primarily attributable to externally acquired and internally generated development costs relating to existing and new models.

[PAGE 365]
365 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F (15) PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT Property, plant and equipment are as follows: Land Industrial buildings Plant, machinery and equipment Other assets Advances and assets under construction Total (€ thousand) Gross carrying amount at December 31, 2022 131,990 498,052 3,070,534 258,673 238,614 4,197,863 Additions 2,014 29,948 113,282 36,416 242,155 423,815 Divestitures — (12,935) (40,270) (25,030) (369) (78,604) Reclassifications 17,235 9,132 62,236 (2,303) (88,603) (2,303) Translation differences and other movements (10) (1,050) (49) (2,511) (5) (3,625) Balance at December 31, 2023 151,229 523,147 3,205,733 265,245 391,792 4,537,146 Additions 1,565 56,504 105,175 60,804 332,908 556,956 Divestitures — (2,853) (75,491) (7,039) (78) (85,461) Reclassifications 1 80,119 116,426 (6,600) (224,842) (34,896) Translation differences and other movements 18 509 (1,848) 4,459 (645) 2,493 Balance at December 31, 2024 152,813 657,426 3,349,995 316,869 499,135 4,976,238 Accumulated amortization at December 31, 2022 — 219,376 2,343,325 177,337 — 2,740,038 Depreciation — 21,654 243,633 24,917 — 290,204 Divestitures — (8,338) (39,322) (18,401) — (66,061) Translation differences and other movements — (624) (15) (1,596) — (2,235) Balance at December 31, 2023 — 232,068 2,547,621 182,257 — 2,961,946 Depreciation — 27,042 243,424 29,172 — 299,638 Divestitures — (1,516) (72,308) (6,540) — (80,364) Reclassifications — (8,153) (12,355) (12,668) — (33,176) Translation differences and other movements — (56) (4,226) 3,692 — (590) Balance at December 31, 2024 — 249,385 2,702,156 195,913 — 3,147,454 Carrying amount at: December 31, 2022 131,990 278,676 727,209 81,336 238,614 1,457,825 of which right-of use assets under IFRS 16 — 18,972 2,756 32,420 — 54,148 December 31, 2023 151,229 291,079 658,112 82,988 391,792 1,575,200 of which right-of use assets under IFRS 16 — 22,971 3,396 41,888 — 68,255 December 31, 2024 152,813 408,041 647,839 120,956 499,135 1,828,784 of which right-of use assets under IFRS 16 — 38,918 8,569 68,884 — 116,371

[PAGE 366]
366 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F Additions primarily relate to investments for car production and engine assembly lines (including those for models to be launched in future years), industrial tools needed for the production of cars and personalization programs, as well as investments for the new e-building and the ongoing construction of the new paint shop. The new e-building was inaugurated in June 2024 and will be used to produce and develop models with internal combustion, hybrid and full electric powertrains, as well as strategic electrical components. The following table summarizes the changes in the carrying amount of right-of-use assets for the year ended December 31, 2024 and 2023: Industrial buildings Plant, machinery and equipment Other assets Total (€ thousand) Balance at December 31, 2022 18,972 2,756 32,420 54,148 Additions 16,746 2,069 23,238 42,053 Disposals (4,597) — (3,008) (7,605) Depreciation (7,933) (1,402) (10,254) (19,589) Translation differences and other movements (217) (27) (508) (752) Balance at December 31, 2023 22,971 3,396 41,888 68,255 Additions 27,474 7,529 39,676 74,679 Disposals (1,231) 2 (17) (1,250) Depreciation (10,445) (2,364) (13,977) (26,786) Translation differences and other movements 149 10 1,314 1,473 Balance at December 31, 2024 38,918 8,569 68,884 116,371 Amounts recognized in the consolidated income statement in relation to leases for the year ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 were as follows: For the year ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (€ thousand) Depreciation of right-of-use assets 26,786 19,589 16,833 Interest expense on lease liabilities 3,356 1,450 1,219 Variable lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities 1,781 1,213 822 Expenses relating to short-term leases and leases of low-value assets 3,077 2,842 3,227 Total expenses recognized 35,000 25,094 22,101 For the year ended December 31, 2024 depreciation of right-of-use assets amounted to €26,786 thousand and interest expense on lease liabilities amounted to €3,356 thousand (€19,589 thousand and €1,450 thousand, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2023 and €16,833 thousand and €1,219 thousand respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022). At December 31, 2024, the Group had contractual commitments for the purchase of property, plant and equipment amounting to €397,473 thousand (€115,330 thousand at December 31, 2023). The increase in contractual commitments reflects the period of structurally higher capital spending as we make investments in infrastructure projects, including the new paint shop, as well as broaden the Group’s architectures, prioritize innovation and advanced technologies, and enrich the product portfolio with hybrid and electric powertrains.

[TABLE] 26,786
[TABLE] 3,356
[TABLE] 1,781
[TABLE] 3,077
[TABLE] 35,000

[PAGE 368]
368 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F (16) INVESTMENTS AND OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS The composition of investments and other financial assets is as follows: At December 31, 2024 2023 (€ thousand) Investments accounted for using the equity method 63,438 55,200 Other securities and financial assets 17,384 12,471 Total investments and other financial assets 80,822 67,671 INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD. Changes in the carrying amount of investments accounted for using the equity method during the period were as follows: (€ thousand) Balance at December 31, 2022 49,087 Proportionate share of net profit for the year ended December 31, 2023 6,137 Proportionate share of remeasurement of defined benefit plans and other movements (24) Balance at December 31, 2023 55,200 Proportionate share of net profit for the year ended December 31, 2024 8,245 Proportionate share of remeasurement of defined benefit plans and other movements (7) Balance at December 31, 2024 63,438 Investments accounted for using the equity method mainly relate to the Group’s investment in Ferrari Financial Services GmbH (“FFS GmbH”), a German entity that offers retail client financing in certain markets in EMEA (primarily the UK, Germany and Switzerland). FFS GmbH is the Group’s partnership with CA Auto Bank S.p.A. (“CA Auto Bank”, formerly WFCA Bank S.p.A., “FCA Bank”), which, following the sale by the Stellantis Group of its 50 percent ownership interest in FCA Bank to Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance S.A. (“CACF”) in April 2023, is now fully owned by CACF. Investments accounted for using the equity method also relate to the Group’s investment in FS China Limited, a joint venture formed in China in 2021 to manage certain lifestyle activities in the local market. Summarized financial information relating to FFS GmbH at and for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 is presented below: At December 31, 2024 2023 (€ thousand) Assets Non-current assets 4,825 3,566 Receivables from financing activities 1,371,071 1,187,535 Other current assets 8,766 29,590 Cash and cash equivalents 28,571 21,275 Total assets 1,413,233 1,241,966

[TABLE] 63,438
[TABLE] 17,384
[TABLE] 80,822
[TABLE] 4,825
[TABLE] 1,371,071
[TABLE] 8,766
[TABLE] 28,571
[TABLE] 1,413,233

[PAGE 369]
369 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F Equity and liabilities Equity 125,040 108,134 Debt 1,126,177 999,206 Other liabilities 162,016 134,626 Total equity and liabilities 1,413,233 1,241,966 For the year ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (€ thousand) Net revenues 88,597 66,446 52,100 Cost of sales 52,415 37,198 22,943 Selling, general and administrative costs 9,966 9,314 8,923 Other expenses/(income), net 2,826 1,574 1,116 Profit before taxes 23,390 18,360 19,118 Income tax expense 6,472 5,147 5,336 Net profit 16,918 13,213 13,782 OTHER SECURITIES AND FINANCIAL ASSETS Other securities and financial assets primarily include Series C Formula One Group Common Stock of Liberty Media Corporation, the group responsible for the promotion of the Formula 1 World Championship, which are measured at fair value and amounted to €15,816 thousand at December 31, 2024 (€10,519 thousand at December 31, 2023) (the “Liberty Media Shares”). (17) INVENTORIES Inventories are as follows: At December 31, 2024 2023 (€ thousand) Raw materials 222,243 203,247 Semi-finished goods 239,388 229,791 Finished goods 626,563 515,476 Total inventories 1,088,194 948,514 The amount of inventory write-downs recognized as an expense within cost of sales during 2024 was €36,932 thousand (€20,822 thousand in 2023 and €18,021 thousand in 2022).

[TABLE] 125,040
[TABLE] 1,126,177
[TABLE] 162,016
[TABLE] 1,413,233
[TABLE] 88,597
[TABLE] 52,415
[TABLE] 9,966
[TABLE] 2,826
[TABLE] 23,390
[TABLE] 6,472
[TABLE] 16,918
[TABLE] 222,243
[TABLE] 239,388
[TABLE] 626,563
[TABLE] 1,088,194

[PAGE 370]
370 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F Changes in the provision for slow moving and obsolete inventories were as follows: 2024 2023 (€ thousand) At January 1, 123,428 110,963 Provision 36,932 20,822 Utilizations and other changes (11,132) (8,357) At December 31, 149,228 123,428 (18) CURRENT RECEIVABLES AND OTHER CURRENT ASSETS Current receivables and other current assets are as follows: At December 31, 2024 2023 (€ thousand) Trade receivables 349,176 261,380 Receivables from financing activities 1,661,632 1,451,158 Current tax receivables 15,918 11,616 Other current assets 137,763 130,228 Total 2,164,489 1,854,382 TRADE RECEIVABLES The following table sets forth a breakdown of trade receivables by nature: At December 31, 2024 2023 (€ thousand) Trade receivables due from: Dealers 153,894 122,177 Sponsorship and commercial activities 81,863 32,357 Brand activities 26,189 30,587 Stellantis Group companies 3,654 20,398 Other 83,576 55,861 Total 349,176 261,380 Trade receivables due from dealers relate to receivables for the sale of cars across the dealer network and are generally settled within 30 to 40 days from the date of invoice.

[TABLE] 123,428
[TABLE] 36,932
[TABLE] (11,132)
[TABLE] 149,228
[TABLE] 349,176
[TABLE] 1,661,632
[TABLE] 15,918
[TABLE] 137,763
[TABLE] 2,164,489
[TABLE] 153,894
[TABLE] 81,863
[TABLE] 26,189
[TABLE] 3,654
[TABLE] 83,576
[TABLE] 349,176

[PAGE 371]
371 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F Trade receivables due from sponsorship and commercial activities mainly relate to the Group’s participation in the Formula 1 World Championship and the World Endurance Championship. Trade receivables due from brand activities relate to amounts receivable for licensing and merchandising activities. Trade receivables due from Stellantis Group companies mainly relate to the sale of engines and car bodies to Maserati S.p.A., which is controlled by the Stellantis Group. The contract with Maserati ended in December 2023. For additional information, see Note 28 “Related Party Transactions”. The Group is not exposed to significant concentration of third party credit risk. The following table sets forth a breakdown of trade receivables by currency: At December 31, 2024 2023 (€ thousand) Trade receivables denominated in: Euro 166,846 118,104 U.S. Dollar 152,537 118,233 Pound Sterling 12,814 6,096 Chinese Yuan 4,701 5,099 Japanese Yen 6,104 7,230 Other currencies 6,174 6,618 Total 349,176 261,380 Trade receivables are shown net of an allowance for doubtful accounts determined on the basis of insolvency risk and historical experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the receivables and the economic environment. Additional provisions to the allowance for doubtful accounts are recorded within selling, general and administrative costs in the consolidated income statement. Changes in the allowance for doubtful accounts of trade receivables during the year were as follows: 2024 2023 (€ thousand) At January 1 25,418 25,800 Additional provisions 10,884 2,767 Utilizations (2,104) (1,845) Releases (828) (1,280) Other changes 6 (24) At December 31 33,376 25,418

[TABLE] 166,846
[TABLE] 152,537
[TABLE] 12,814
[TABLE] 4,701
[TABLE] 6,104
[TABLE] 6,174
[TABLE] 349,176
[TABLE] 25,418
[TABLE] 10,884
[TABLE] (2,104)
[TABLE] (828)
[TABLE] 6
[TABLE] 33,376

[PAGE 372]
372 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F RECEIVABLES FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Receivables from financing activities relate to financing provided by the Group to Ferrari clients to finance their car acquisitions in the United States. The underlying receivables are denominated in U.S. Dollars and are generally secured on the title of cars or other guarantees. During 2024 the average contractual duration at inception of such contracts was approximately 68 (67 months in 2023) and the weighted average interest rate was approximately 8.3 percent (approximately 7.8 percent in 2023). Receivables for client financing are generally secured on the titles of the related cars or other personal guarantees. Receivables from financing activities are shown net of an allowance for doubtful accounts and additional provisions are recorded within cost of sales in the consolidated income statement. Changes in the allowance for doubtful accounts of receivables from financing activities during the year are as follows: 2024 2023 (€ thousand) At January 1 11,165 9,950 Additional provisions 10,038 6,423 Utilizations (5,293) (3,509) Releases (57) (1,327) Other changes 694 (372) At December 31 16,547 11,165 OTHER CURRENT ASSETS Other current assets are detailed as follows: At December 31, 2024 2023 (€ thousand) Italian and foreign VAT credits 56,837 65,529 Prepayments 63,983 53,846 Other 16,943 10,853 Total other current assets 137,763 130,228 Other includes security deposits, amounts due from personnel and other receivables. At December 31, 2024, the Group had provided guarantees through third parties amounting to €225,438 thousand (€236,910 thousand at December 31, 2023), principally to (i) banks for a U.S. Dollar denominated credit facility of FFS Inc., (ii) tax authorities for VAT reimbursements according to Italian legislation and (iii) customs authorities for duties on import and export activities.

[TABLE] 11,165
[TABLE] 10,038
[TABLE] (5,293)
[TABLE] (57)
[TABLE] 694
[TABLE] 16,547
[TABLE] 56,837
[TABLE] 63,983
[TABLE] 16,943
[TABLE] 137,763

[PAGE 373]
373 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F The analysis of receivables and other current assets (excluding prepayments) by due date is as follows: At December 31, 2024 Due within one year Due between one and five years Due beyond five years Overdue Total (€ thousand) Trade receivables 302,025 — — 47,151 349,176 Receivables from financing activities (1) 237,414 1,226,598 90,417 107,203 1,661,632 Current tax receivables 11,454 4,464 — — 15,918 Other current assets (excluding prepayments) 73,389 — — 391 73,780 Total 624,282 1,231,062 90,417 154,745 2,100,506 At December 31, 2023 Due within one year Due between one and five years Due beyond five years Overdue Total (€ thousand) Trade receivables 225,445 — — 35,935 261,380 Receivables from financing activities (1) 223,841 1,076,552 68,736 82,029 1,451,158 Current tax receivables 11,616 — — — 11,616 Other current assets (excluding prepayments) 76,382 — — — 76,382 Total 537,284 1,076,552 68,736 117,964 1,800,536 Excluding interest generated on these receivables. If a counterparty to the receivables has failed to make at least one contractual payment by the respective due date, the entire amount of the receivable is considered overdue. Overdue amounts represent receivables and other current assets where payments are past their due date. (19) CURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS AND OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES Current financial assets are as follows: At December 31, 2024 2023 (€ thousand) Financial derivatives 19,350 55,562 Other financial assets 5,656 5,568 Current financial assets 25,006 61,130 Current financial assets and other financial liabilities mainly relate to foreign exchange derivatives and interest rate caps.

[PAGE 374]
374 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F The following table sets forth a breakdown of derivative assets and liabilities at December 31, 2024 and 2023. At December 31, 2024 2023 Positive fair value Negative fair value Positive fair value Negative fair value (€ thousand) Cash flow hedge: Currency swaps 11,591 (58,911) 34,542 (10,170) Interest rate caps 5,547 — 17,407 — Commodities — — — (174) Total Cash flow hedges 17,138 (58,911) 51,949 (10,344) Other foreign exchange derivatives 2,212 (2,983) 3,613 (3,195) Current financial assets/(liabilities) 19,350 (61,894) 55,562 (13,539) Foreign currency derivatives that do not meet the requirements to be recognized as cash flow hedges are presented as other foreign currency derivatives. Interest rate caps relate to derivative instruments required as part of certain securitization agreements. The following tables provide an analysis of outstanding derivative financial instruments by foreign currency based on their fair value and notional amounts: At December 31, 2024 At December 31, 2023 Fair Value Notional Amount Fair Value Notional Amount (€ thousand) Currencies: U.S. Dollar (43,002) 2,818,516 32,069 2,515,057 Pound Sterling (2,987) 157,264 (678) 145,216 Japanese Yen 5,119 270,514 14,086 392,343 Swiss Franc (273) 116,872 (3,660) 106,911 Chinese Yuan (2,880) 188,968 915 141,493 Other(1) 1,479 155,401 (709) 153,207 Total amount (42,544) 3,707,535 42,023 3,454,227 Other mainly includes the Australian Dollar, the Canadian Dollar and the Hong Kong Dollar. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, substantially all derivative financial instruments had a maturity of twelve months or less.

[TABLE] 11,591 | (58,911)
[TABLE] 5,547 | —
[TABLE] — | —
[TABLE] 17,138 | (58,911)
[TABLE] 2,212 | (2,983)
[TABLE] 19,350 | (61,894)
[TABLE] (43,002) | 2,818,516
[TABLE] (2,987) | 157,264
[TABLE] 5,119 | 270,514
[TABLE] (273) | 116,872
[TABLE] (2,880) | 188,968
[TABLE] 1,479 | 155,401
[TABLE] (42,544) | 3,707,535

[PAGE 375]
375 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F CASH FLOW HEDGES The effects recognized in the consolidated income statement mainly relate to currency risk management and in particular the exposure to fluctuations in the Euro/U.S. Dollar exchange rate for sales in U.S. Dollars. The policy of the Group for managing foreign currency risk normally requires hedging of a por- tion of projected future cash flows from trading activities and orders acquired (or contracts in prog- ress) in foreign currencies that will occur within the following 12 months. Derivatives relating to foreign currency risk management are treated as cash flow hedges where the derivative qualifies for hedge accounting. The amounts recorded in the cash flow hedge reserve within other comprehensive income will be recognized in the consolidated income state- ment according to the timing of the flows of the underlying transactions. Management believes that substantially all of the hedging effects arising from these derivative contracts and recorded in the cash flow hedge reserve will be recognized in the con- solidated income statement within the following 12 months from the reporting date. The Group reclassified gains and losses, net of the related tax effects, from other comprehensive income/(loss) to the consolidated income statement as follows: For the years ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (€ thousand) Net revenues/(costs) 20,827 48,393 (75,749) Income tax (expense)/benefit (5,811) (13,502) 21,134 Total recognized in the consolidated income statement 15,016 34,891 (54,615) The ineffectiveness of cash flow hedges was not material for the years 2024, 2023 and 2022. (20) EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL At December 31, 2024 and 2023 the fully paid up share capital of the Company was €2,573 thousand, consisting of 193,923,499 common shares and 63,349,112 special voting shares, all with a nominal value of €0.01. At December 31, 2024, the Company had 14,879,168 common shares and 16,239 special voting shares held in treasury, while at December 31, 2023 the Company had 13,505,409 common shares and 16,240 special voting shares held in treasury. Shares in treasury include shares repurchased under the Group’s share repurchase program, which are recorded based on the transaction trade date. The increase in common shares held in treasury primarily reflects the repurchase of shares by the Company through its share repurchase program, partially offset by shares assigned under the Group’s equity incentive plans. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company held in treasury 5.79 percent and 5.26 percent of the total issued share capital of the Company, respectively.1 The percentage of shares held in treasury compared to total issued share capital remains substantially the same if calculated considering only common shares held in treasury or if calculated considering common shares and special voting shares held in treasury.

[TABLE] 20,827
[TABLE] (5,811)
[TABLE] 15,016

[PAGE 376]
376 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F The following table summarizes the changes in the number of outstanding common shares and outstanding special voting shares of the Company for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023: Common Shares Special Voting Shares Total Shares Outstanding shares at December 31, 2022 181,953,498 63,343,913 245,297,411 Common shares repurchased under share repurchase program (1) (1,630,171) — (1,630,171) Common shares assigned under equity incentive plans (2) 94,763 — 94,763 Other changes (6) — (11,041) (11,041) Outstanding shares at December 31, 2023 180,418,090 63,332,872 243,750,962 Common shares repurchased under share repurchase program (4) (1,440,264) — (1,440,264) Common shares assigned under equity incentive plans (5) 41,790 — 41,790 Other changes (6) 24,715 1 24,716 Outstanding shares at December 31, 2024 179,044,331 63,332,873 242,377,204 (1) Includes shares repurchased under the share repurchase program between January 1, 2023 and December 31, 2023 based on the transaction trade date, for a total consideration of €460,629 thousand, including transaction costs and Sell to Cover, as described below. (2) On March 15, 2023, 80,305 common shares, which were previously held in treasury, were assigned to participants of the equity incentive plans as a result of the vesting of certain performance share unit and retention restricted share unit awards. On the same day, the Company purchased 34,671 common shares, for a total consideration of €8,448 thousand, from a group of those employees who were assigned shares in order to cover the individual’s taxable income as is standard practice (“Sell to Cover”) in a cross transaction. On July 17, 2023, the Company assigned 49,129 common shares related to commercial agreements with certain suppliers and other shares awards. See Note 21 “Share-Based Compensation” for additional details relating to the Group’s equity incentive plans. (3) Relates to the deregistration of certain special voting shares under the Company’s special voting shares terms and conditions. (4) Includes shares repurchased under the share repurchase program between January 1, 2024 and December 31, 2024 based on the transaction trade date, for a total consideration of €581,084 thousand, including transaction costs and Sell to Cover, as described below. (5) On March 15, 2024, 76,979 common shares, which were previously held in treasury, were assigned to participants of the equity incentive plans as a result of the vesting of certain performance share unit and retention restricted share unit awards. On the same day, the Company purchased 35,189 common shares, for a total consideration of €13,548 thousand, from a group of those employees who were assigned shares in order to cover the individual’s taxable income as is standard practice (“Sell to Cover”) in a cross transaction. (6) In relation to common shares, refers to share awards vested under the broad-based employee share ownership plan. THE LOYALTY VOTING STRUCTURE The purpose of the loyalty voting structure is to re- ward ownership of the Company’s common shares and to promote stability of the Company’s share- holder base by granting long-term shareholders of the Company with special voting shares. Following the separation of Ferrari from the Stellantis Group (previously referred to as Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V. or FCA prior to the merger between FCA and Peugeot S.A. completed on January 16, 2021, which resulted in the creation of Stellantis N.V.) in 2016, Exor N.V. (“Exor”) and Piero Ferrari participate in the Company’s loyalty voting program and, therefore, effectively hold two votes for each of the common shares they hold. Investors who purchase common shares may elect to participate in the loyalty voting program by registering their common shares in the loyalty share register and holding them for three years. The loyalty voting program will be affected by means of the issue of special voting shares to eligi- ble holders of common shares. Each special voting share entitles the holder to exercise one vote at the Company’s shareholder meetings. Only a minimal dividend accrues to the special voting shares allo- cated to a separate special dividend reserve, and the special voting shares do not carry any entitlement to any other reserve of the Group. The special voting shares have only immaterial economic entitlements and, as a result, do not impact the Company’s earn- ings per share calculation. RETAINED EARNINGS AND OTHER RESERVES Retained earnings and other reserves includes: • a share premium reserve of €5,768,544 thou- sand at December 31, 2024 (€5,768,544 thou- sand at December 31, 2023). • a legal reserve of €110 thousand at December 31, 2024 and €46 thousand at December 31, 2023, determined in accordance with Dutch law. • a treasury reserve of €2,285,756 thousand at December 31, 2024 and €1,704,673 thousand at December 31, 2023. • a share-based compensation reserve of €45,793 thousand at December 31, 2024 and €38,106 thousand at December 31, 2023.

[PAGE 377]
377 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F Following approval of the annual accounts by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting of the Shareholders on April 17, 2024, a dividend distri- bution of €2.443 per outstanding common share was approved, corresponding to a total distribu- tion of €439,918 thousand, which was fully paid in 2024. The distribution was made from the retained earnings reserve. Following approval of the annual accounts by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting of the Shareholders on April 14, 2023, a dividend dis- tribution of €1.810 per outstanding common share was approved, corresponding to a total distribution of €328,631 thousand, which was fully paid in 2023. The distribution was made from the retained earn- ings reserve. Following approval of the annual accounts by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting of the Shareholders on April 13, 2022, a dividend distribu- tion of €1.362 per outstanding common share was approved, corresponding to a total distribution of €249,522 thousand, which was fully paid in 2022. The distribution was made from the retained earnings reserve. OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) The following table presents other comprehensive income/(loss): For the years ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (€ thousand) Items that will not be reclassified to the consolidated income statement in subsequent periods: (Losses)/Gains on remeasurement of defined benefit plans (1) (691) 221 1,605 Total items that will not be reclassified to the consolidated income statement in subsequent periods (691) 221 1,605 Items that may be reclassified to the consolidated income statement in subsequent periods: (Losses)/Gains on cash flow hedging instruments arising during the period (65,983) 22,109 17,149 (Gains)/Losses on cash flow hedging instruments reclassified to the consolidated income statement (20,827) (48,393) 75,749 (Losses)/Gains on cash flow hedging instruments (86,810) (26,284) 92,898 Exchange differences on translating foreign operations 12,248 (6,323) 9,798 Total items that may be reclassified to the consolidated income statement in subsequent periods (74,562) (32,607) 102,696 Total other comprehensive (loss)/income (75,253) (32,386) 104,301 Related tax impact 23,778 6,351 (25,002) Total other comprehensive (loss)/income, net of tax (51,475) (26,035) 79,299 (1) Includes a loss of €7 thousand, €30 thousand and €15 thousand for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, related to the Group’s proportionate share of the remeasurement of defined benefit plans of FFS GmbH, for which the Group holds a 49.9% interest.Gains and losses on the remeasurement of defined benefit plans include actuarial gains and losses arising during the period and are offset against the related net defined benefit liabilities.

[TABLE] (691)
[TABLE] (691)
[TABLE] (65,983)
[TABLE] (20,827)
[TABLE] (86,810)
[TABLE] 12,248
[TABLE] (74,562)
[TABLE] (75,253)
[TABLE] 23,778
[TABLE] (51,475)

[PAGE 378]
378 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F The tax effects relating to other comprehensive income/(loss) are summarized in the following table: For the years ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 Pre-tax balance Related tax impact Net balance Pre-tax balance Related tax impact Net balance Pre-tax balance Related tax impact Net balance (€ thousand) (Losses)/Gains on remeasurement of defined benefit plans (691) 168 (523) 221 (52) 169 1,605 (376) 1,229 (Losses)/Gains on cash flow hedging instruments (86,810) 23,610 (63,200) (26,284) 6,403 (19,881) 92,898 (24,626) 68,272 Exchange gains/(losses) on translating foreign operations 12,248 — 12,248 (6,323) — (6,323) 9,798 — 9,798 Total other comprehensive (loss)/income (75,253) 23,778 (51,475) (32,386) 6,351 (26,035) 104,301 (25,002) 79,299 TRANSACTIONS WITH NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS With the exception of dividends paid to non-con- trolling interests, there were no transactions with non-controlling interests for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 or 2022. POLICIES AND PROCESSES FOR MANAGING CAPITAL The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to create value for shareholders as a whole, safe- guard business continuity and support the sustain- able growth of the Group. As a result, the Group en- deavors to maintain a satisfactory economic return for its shareholders and guarantee economic ac- cess to external sources of funds. (21) SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION EQUITY INCENTIVE PLANS The Group has several equity incentive plans un- der which a combination of performance share units (“PSUs”) and retention restricted share units (“RSUs”), which each represent the right to receive one Ferrari common share, have been awarded to the Executive Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”), members of the Ferrari Leadership Team (hereinafter also the “FLT”) and other key employees of the Group.EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 2021-2023 In the first quarter of 2024, 41,338 2021-2023 PSU awards vested (representing 122 percent of the target PSU awards) as a result of the achievement of the related performance conditions and 29,550 2021-2023 RSU awards vested upon achievement of the related service conditions As a result, 70,888 common shares, which were previously held in trea- sury, were assigned to participants of the plan in the first quarter of 2024. There are no further awards outstanding for the Equity Incentive Plan 2021-2023. EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 2022-2024 Under the Equity Incentive Plan 2022-2024 approved in 2022, the Company awarded approximate- ly 72 thousand 2022-2024 PSUs to the Executive Chairman, the CEO, the remaining members of the FLT and other employees of the Group, and approx- imately 26 thousand 2022-2024 RSUs to members of the FLT and other employees of the Group. These PSUs and RSUs cover the three-year performance and service periods from 2022 to 2024. 2022-2024 PSU AWARDS The vesting of the awards is based on the achieve- ment of defined key performance indicators as follows: • SR Target - 40 percent of the awards vest based on the achievement of the TSR ranking of Ferrari compared to an industry specific Peer Group of eleven companies; • EBITDA Target - 40 percent of the awards vest based on the achievement of an EBITDA target determined by comparing Adjusted EBITDA to the Adjusted EBITDA targets derived from the Group’s business plan; • ESG Target - 20 percent of the awards vest based on the achievement of defined objectives relating to environmental and social factors. In particular, 50 percent of the ESG Target is based on the reduction of CO2 carbon emissions and 50 percent is based on the maintenance of the equal salary certification.

[TABLE] (691) | 168 | (523)
[TABLE] (86,810) | 23,610 | (63,200)
[TABLE] 12,248 | — | 12,248
[TABLE] (75,253) | 23,778 | (51,475)

[PAGE 379]
379 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F Each target is settled independently of the other targets. In March 2025, 91,414 2022-2024 PSU awards are expected to vest (representing approx- imately 149 percent of the target PSU awards that remained outstanding at the time of vesting) as a re- sult of the achievement of the related performance conditions (described above) and an equal number of common shares held in treasury will be assigned to participants of the plan, following which there will be no further 2022-2024 PSU awards outstanding. 2022-2024 RSU AWARDS In March 2025, 21,437 2022-2024 RSU awards are ex- pected to vest as a result of the achievement of the related service condition, which is the recipient’s continued employment with the Company at the time of vesting, and an equal number of common shares held in treasury will be assigned to partici- pants of the plan, following which there will be no further 2022-2024 RSU awards outstanding. EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 2023-2025 Under the Equity Incentive Plan 2023-2025 approved in 2023, the Company awarded approximate- ly 58 thousand 2023-2025 PSUs to the Executive Chairman, the CEO, the remaining members of the FLT and other employees of the Group, and approx- imately 22 thousand 2023-2025 RSUs to members of the FLT and other employees of the Group. These PSUs and RSUs cover the three-year performance and service periods from 2023 to 2025. 2023-2025 PSU AWARDS The vesting of the awards is based on the achieve- ment of defined key performance indicators as follows: • TSR Target - 40 percent of the awards vest based on the achievement of the TSR ranking of Ferrari compared to an industry specific Peer Group of eleven companies; • EBITDA Target - 40 percent of the awards vest based on the achievement of an EBITDA target determined by comparing Adjusted EBITDA to the Adjusted EBITDA targets derived from the Group’s business plan; • ESG Target - 20 percent of the awards vest based on the achievement of defined objectives relating to environmental and social factors. In particular, 50 percent of the ESG Target is based on the reduction of CO2 carbon emissions and 50 percent is based on the maintenance of the equal salary certification. Each target is settled independently of the other tar- gets. The awards vest in 2026 and the total number of shares assigned upon vesting depends on the lev- el of achievement of the targets. 2023-2025 RSU AWARDS The awards vest in 2026, subject to the recipient’s continued employment with the Company at the time of vesting. EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 2024-2026 Under a new Equity Incentive Plan 2024-2026 ap- proved in 2024, the Company awarded approxi- mately 41 thousand 2024-2026 PSUs to the Executive Chairman, CEO, members of the FLT and other em- ployees of the Group, and approximately 15 thou- sand 2024-2026 RSUs to members of the FLT and other employees of the Group. The 2024-2026 PSUs and 2024-2026 RSUs cover the three-year perfor- mance and service periods from 2024 to 2026. 2024-2026 PSU AWARDS The vesting of the awards is based on the achieve- ment of defined key performance indicators as follows: • TSR Target - 40 percent of the awards vest based on the achievement of the TSR ranking of Ferrari compared to an industry specific Peer Group of eleven companies; • EBITDA Target - 40 percent of the awards vest based on the achievement of an EBITDA target determined by comparing Adjusted EBITDA to the Adjusted EBITDA targets derived from the Group’s business plan; • ESG Target - 20 percent of the awards vest based on the achievement of defined objectives relating to environmental and social factors. In particular, 50 percent of the ESG Target is based on the reduction of CO2 carbon emissions and 50 percent is based on the maintenance of the equal salary certification. Each target is settled independently of the other tar- gets. The awards vest in 2027 and the total number of shares assigned upon vesting depends on the lev- el of achievement of the targets. 2024-2026 RSU AWARDS The awards vest in 2027, subject to the recipient’s continued employment with the Company at the time of vesting. Supplemental information relating to the Equity Incentive Plan 2024-2026 is summarized below.

[PAGE 380]
380 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F TSR TARGET The number of 2024-2026 PSUs with a TSR Target that vest under the Equity Incentive Plan 2024-2026 is based on the Company’s TSR performance over the relevant performance period compared to an industry-specific peer group as summarized below. Ferrari TSR Ranking % of Target Awards that Vest 1 175% 2 150% 3 125% 4 100% 5 75% 6 50% >6 0% The defined peer group (including the Company) for the TSR Target is presented below. Ferrari Aston Martin Burberry Estee Lauder Hermes Kering LVMH Mercedes Benz Group AG Moncler Prada Richemont EBITDA TARGET The number of 2024-2026 PSUs with an EBITDA Target that vest under the Equity Incentive Plan 2024-2026 is determined by comparing Adjusted EBITDA to the Adjusted EBITDA targets derived from the Group’s business plan, as summarized below. Actual Adjusted EBITDA Compared to Business Plan % of Awards that Vest +15% 175% +10% 150% +5% 125% Business Plan Target 100% -5% 75% <-5% —% FAIR VALUES AND KEY ASSUMPTIONS The fair value of the PSUs and RSUs that were awarded under the Equity Incentive Plan 2024-2026, which is determined based on actuarial calculations that apply certain assumptions and take into consideration the specific characteristics of the awards granted, is summarized in the following table. Equity Incentive Plan 2024-2026 PSUs €386.05 RSUs €383.40

[PAGE 381]
381 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F The fair value of the 2024-2026 PSU awards was measured at the grant date using a Monte Carlo Simulation model. The fair value of the 2024- 2026 RSU awards was measured using the share price at the grant date adjusted for the present value of future distributions which the recipients will not receive during the vesting period. The key assumptions utilized to calculate the grant-date fair values of the PSUs that were awarded under the Equity Incentive Plan 2024-2026 are summarized below: Equity Incentive Plan 2024-2026 Grant date share price €390.50 Expected volatility 26.34% Dividend yield 0.61% Risk-free rate 3.00% The expected volatility was based on the observed volatility of the defined peer group. The risk-free rate was based on the iBoxx sovereign Eurozone yield. BROAD-BASED EMPLOYEE SHARE OWNERSHIP PLAN In November 2023 the Company announced that it would launch a broad-based employee share own- ership plan under which each employee will be given the option to become a shareholder of the Company, receiving a one-off grant of shares worth up to a max- imum of approximately €2 thousand. If the employee holds the shares for at least 36 months, the Company will grant them an additional tranche of shares, from a minimum of one share and up to 15 percent of the val- ue of the first allocation. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company recognized €10,222 thousand as share-based compensation expense and an in- crease to other reserves within equity in relation to the shares awarded under the broad-based employ- ee share ownership plan. In 2024, 24,715 share awards vested and the Company granted an additional 2,796 share awards that are expected to vest in 2025. OTHER SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION During 2022, the Company awarded 15,271 share awards, which each represent the right to receive one Ferrari common share, to certain employees, of which 6,643 share awards vested immediately at the grant date. In 2023 6,838 share awards vested, while 1,309 and 279 share awards were forfeited in 2023 and 2024, respectively. The fair value of the awards was equal to €203 per award, measured using the share price at the grant date adjusted for the present value of future distributions which the recipients will not receive during the vesting period. The Company also provides share-based pay- ments for services received as part of commercial agreements with certain suppliers. OUTSTANDING SHARE AWARDS The following table presents the changes to the outstanding share awards under the Group’s share-based payment arrangements: PSU Awards RSU Awards Other Awards Total Outstanding Awards Balance at December 31, 2022 140,205 87,189 57,405 284,799 Granted 58,381 21,939 63,217 143,537 Vested (36,090) (32,339) (55,614) (124,043) Forfeited (8,117) (3,544) (1,309) (12,970) Balance at December 31, 2023 154,379 73,245 63,699 291,323 Granted 40,885 15,401 2,796 59,082 Vested (33,924) (29,550) (24,715) (88,189) Forfeited and other (3,961) (2,241) (7,102) (13,304) Balance at December 31, 2024 157,379 56,855 34,678 248,912

[PAGE 382]
382 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION EXPENSE The following table presents the share based compensation expense recognized for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, as well as the unrecognized share-based compensation at December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022. For the years ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (€ thousand) Equity incentive plans and other share- based awards 18,280 15,154 16,172 Commercial agreements with suppliers 4,813 4,563 4,688 Broad-based employee share ownership plan 875 10,222 — Total share-based compensation expense 23,968 29,939 20,860 At December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (€ thousand) Unrecognized share-based compensation expense 20,699 12,954 16,069 (22) EMPLOYEE BENEFITS The Group’s provisions for employee benefits are as follows: At December 31, 2024 2023 (€ thousand) Present value of defined benefit obligations: Italian employee severance indemnity (TFR) 13,446 13,903 Total present value of defined benefit obligations 13,446 13,903 Other provisions for employees 120,701 109,142 Total Provisions for employee benefits 134,147 123,045 DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLANS The Group recognizes the cost for defined contribu- tion plans over the period in which the employee ren- ders service and classifies this by function in cost of sales, selling, general and administrative costs and research and development costs. The total income statement expense for defined contributions plans in the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 was €21,324 thousand, €18,832 thousand and €16,944 thousand, respectively. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS ITALIAN EMPLOYEE SEVERANCE INDEMNITY (TFR) Trattamento di fine rapporto or “TFR” relates to the amounts that employees in Italy are entitled to receive when they leave the company and is calculated based on the period of employment and the taxable earn- ings of each employee. Under certain conditions the entitlement may be partially advanced to an employee during the employee’s working life. The Italian legislation regarding this scheme was amended by Law 296 of 27 December 2006 and subse-

[TABLE] 18,280
[TABLE] 4,813
[TABLE] 875
[TABLE] 23,968
[TABLE] 13,446
[TABLE] 13,446
[TABLE] 120,701
[TABLE] 134,147

[PAGE 383]
383 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F quent decrees and regulations issued in the first part of 2007. Under these amendments, companies with at least 50 employees are obliged to transfer the TFR to the “Treasury fund” managed by the Italian state- owned social security body (“INPS”) or to supplemen- tary pension funds. Prior to the amendments, accru- ing TFR for employees of all Italian companies could be managed by the company itself. Consequently, the Italian companies’ obligation to INPS and the con- tributions to supplementary pension funds take the form, under IAS 19 revised, of “Defined contribution plans” whereas the amounts recorded in the provi- sion for employee severance pay retain the nature of “Defined benefit plans”. Accordingly, the provision for employee severance indemnity in Italy consists of the residual obligation for TFR until December 31, 2006. This is an unfunded defined benefit plan as the bene- fits have already been almost entirely earned, with the sole exception of future revaluations. Since 2007 the scheme has been classified as a defined contribution plan, and the Group recognizes the associated cost, being the required contributions to the pension funds, over the period in which the employee renders ser- vice. The following table summarizes the changes in the defined benefit obligations relating to the TFR liability: Total Amounts at December 31, 2022 15,142 Included in the consolidated income statement 518 Included in other comprehensive income/loss (*) (221) Benefits paid (1,536) Amounts at December 31, 2023 13,903 Included in the consolidated income statement 467 Included in other comprehensive income/loss (*) 691 Benefits paid (1,615) Amounts at December 31, 2024 13,446 (*) Relates to actuarial losses/(gains) from financial assumptions. Amounts recognized in the consolidated income statement relating to the TFR liability are as follows: For the years ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (€ thousand) Current service cost — — — Interest expense 467 518 22 Total recognized in the consolidated income statement 467 518 22 The discount rates used for the measurement of the Italian TFR obligation are based on yields of high-quality (AA- rated) fixed income securities for which the timing and amounts of payments match the timing and amounts of the projected benefit payments. For this plan, the single weighted average discount rate that reflects the estimated timing and amount of the scheme future benefit payments for 2024 is equal to 3.4 percent (4.1 percent in 2023 and 3.8 percent in 2022). The average duration of the Italian TFR was approximately 6 years at December 31, 2024 (6 years and 7 years at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively). Retirement or employee leaving rates are developed to reflect actual and projected Group experience and legal requirements for retirement in Italy. Current service cost is recognized by function in cost of sales, selling, general and administrative costs or research and development costs.

[TABLE] —
[TABLE] 467
[TABLE] 467

[PAGE 384]
384 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F The expected future benefit payments for the defined benefit obligations (Italian TFR obligation) as of December 31, 2024 are as follows: (€ thousand) 2025 1,476 2026 1,395 2027 1,752 2028 1,267 2029 1,083 2030 - 2034 5,778 Total 12,751 The sensitivity of the defined benefit obligations to changes in the weighted principal assumptions is: At December 31, 2024 2023 Changes in assumption of +1% discount rate Changes in assumption of -1% discount rate Changes in assumption of +1% discount rate Changes in assumption of -1% discount rate (€ thousand) Impact on defined benefit obligation (736) 819 (778) 868 The above sensitivity analysis is based on an assumed change in the discount rate while holding all other assumptions constant. In practice, this is unlikely to occur, and changes in some of the assumptions may be correlated. When calculating the sensitivity of the defined benefit obligation to significant actuarial assumptions the same method has been applied as when calculating the defined benefit liability recognized in the statement of the financial position. OTHER PROVISIONS FOR EMPLOYEES Other provisions for employees consist of the expected future amounts payable to employees in connection with other remuneration schemes, which are not subject to actuarial valuation, including long-term bonus plans. At December 31, 2024, other provisions for employees comprised short-term bonus benefits amounting to €116,671 thousand (€105,043 thousand at December 31, 2023) and other benefits amounting to €4,030 thousand (€4,099 thousand at December 31, 2023), primarily relating to jubilee benefits granted to certain employees in recognition of time served with the Group.

[TABLE] (736) | 819

[PAGE 385]
385 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F (23) PROVISIONS Movements in provisions are as follows: At December 31, 2023 Additional provisions Utilization Releases Translation differences Reclassification and other movements At December 31, 2024 (€ thousand) Warranty and recall campaigns provision 130,498 92,351 (61,133) (9,892) 354 — 152,178 Legal proceedings and disputes 7,480 4,995 (291) (490) 191 14 11,899 Environmental and other risks 49,298 14,716 (2,204) (22,004) 473 1,856 42,135 Total provisions 187,276 112,062 (63,628) (32,386) 1,018 1,870 206,212 WARRANTY AND RECALL CAMPAIGNS The provision for warranty and recall campaigns rep- resents the best estimate of commitments given by the Group for contractual, legal, or constructive ob- ligations arising from product warranties given for a specified period of time. Warranty and recall cam- paigns provisions are recognized upon shipment and estimated on the basis of the Group’s past experience and contractual terms. Related costs are recognized within cost of sales. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS AND DISPUTES The provision for legal proceedings and disputes rep- resents management’s best estimate of the expendi- tures expected to be required to settle or otherwise resolve legal proceedings and disputes. This class of claims relates to allegations by contractual counter- parties that the Group has violated the terms of the arrangements, including by terminating the applica- ble relationships. Judgments in these proceedings may be issued in 2025 or beyond, although any such judgments may remain subject to ongoing judicial review. While the outcome of these proceedings is uncertain, any losses in excess of the provisions re- corded are not expected to be material to the Group’s financial condition or results of operations. Additions to the provision for legal proceedings and disputes are recognized within other expenses, net. ENVIRONMENTAL AND OTHER RISKS The provision for environmental and other risks pri- marily relates to environmental risks, including those relating to emissions regulations, as well as to dis- putes and matters which are not subject to legal pro- ceedings, including disputes with suppliers, distribu- tors, employees and other parties. The following table presents where the additional provisions to environmental and other risks recognized for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 were recorded within the consolidated income statement. For the years ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (€ thousand) Recorded in the consolidated income statement within: Cost of sales 14,136 25,128 15,616 Selling, general and administrative costs 580 1,398 1,562 Total 14,716 26,526 17,178 Releases of the provision for environmental and other risks primarily related to Ferrari being recognized in 2024 as a small volume manufacturer (SVM) in the United States for certain model years, as well as more favorable market conditions for car emissions credits.

[TABLE] 152,178
[TABLE] 11,899
[TABLE] 42,135
[TABLE] 206,212
[TABLE] 14,136
[TABLE] 580
[TABLE] 14,716

[PAGE 386]
386 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F (24) DEBT The following table provides a breakdown of debt by nature and split between current and non-current. At December 31, 2024 2023 Current Non-current Total Current Non-current Total (€ thousand) Bonds and notes 459,056 953,917 1,412,973 — 903,673 903,673 Asset-backed financing (Securitizations) 649,173 693,082 1,342,255 514,597 651,876 1,166,473 Borrowings from banks and other financial institutions 143,800 270,833 414,633 166,763 124,167 290,930 Lease liabilities 26,491 99,779 126,270 16,450 56,597 73,047 Other debt 55,757 — 55,757 43,063 — 43,063 Total debt 1,334,277 2,017,611 3,351,888 740,873 1,736,313 2,477,186 The following tables present the change in debt, indicating separately financing cash flows and other movements. Financing cash flows Other movements Balance at December 31, 2023 Proceeds from borrowings Repayments of borrowings Interest accrued/(paid) and other 1 Translation differences Balance at December 31, 2024 (€ thousand) Bonds and notes 903,673 496,145 — 13,155 — 1,412,973 Asset-backed financing (Securitizations) 1,166,473 340,499 (243,649) 461 78,471 1,342,255 Borrowings from banks and other financial institutions 290,930 225,000 (104,690) (672) 4,065 414,633 Lease liabilities 73,047 — (22,001) 73,429 1,795 126,270 Other debt 43,063 51,022 (41,297) — 2,969 55,757 Total debt 2,477,186 1,112,666 (411,637) 86,373 87,300 3,351,888 Financing cash flows Other movements Balance at December 31, 2022 Proceeds from borrowings Repayments of borrowings Interest accrued/(paid) and other 1,2 Translation differences Balance at December 31, 2023 (€ thousand) Bonds and notes 1,490,319 — (575,702) (10,944) — 903,673 Asset-backed financing (Securitizations) 1,105,425 151,217 (49,611) 445 (41,003) 1,166,473 Borrowings from banks and other financial institutions 113,165 250,000 (72,500) 2,891 (2,626) 290,930 Lease liabilities 57,423 — (17,691) 34,448 (1,133) 73,047 Other debt 45,447 34,596 (35,566) — (1,414) 43,063 Total debt 2,811,779 435,813 (751,070) 26,840 (46,176) 2,477,186 (1) Other changes in lease liabilities relate entirely to non-cash movements for the recognition of additional lease liabilities in accordance with IFRS 16. (2) Includes gains of €7,940 thousand realized on the partial cash tender executed during the third quarter of 2023 on a bond due in 2025.

[TABLE] 459,056 | 953,917 | 1,412,973
[TABLE] 649,173 | 693,082 | 1,342,255
[TABLE] 143,800 | 270,833 | 414,633
[TABLE] 26,491 | 99,779 | 126,270
[TABLE] 55,757 | — | 55,757
[TABLE] 1,334,277 | 2,017,611 | 3,351,888
[TABLE] 1,412,973
[TABLE] 1,342,255
[TABLE] 414,633
[TABLE] 126,270
[TABLE] 55,757
[TABLE] 3,351,888
[TABLE] 903,673
[TABLE] 1,166,473
[TABLE] 290,930
[TABLE] 73,047
[TABLE] 43,063
[TABLE] 2,477,186

[PAGE 387]
387 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F CONTRACTUAL UNDISCOUNTED CASH FLOWS The following tables present the contractual maturities (contractual undiscounted cash flows, including interest) of the Group’s debt based on relevant maturity groupings. Contractual cash flows at December 31, 2024 Less than 1 year Between 1 and 2 years Between 2 and 5 years Over 5 years Total contractual cash flows As reported at December 31, 2024 (*) (€ thousand) Bonds and notes 480,802 23,075 218,525 812,804 1,535,206 1,412,973 Asset-backed financing (Securitizations) 685,427 435,082 282,283 — 1,402,792 1,342,255 Borrowings from banks and other financial institutions 152,858 53,683 234,312 — 440,853 414,633 Lease liabilities 29,182 24,390 49,052 36,912 139,536 126,270 Other debt 55,757 — — — 55,757 55,757 Total debt 1,404,026 536,230 784,172 849,716 3,574,144 3,351,888 Contractual cash flows at December 31, 2023 Less than 1 year Between 1 and 2 years Between 2 and 5 years Over 5 years Total contractual cash flows As reported at December 31, 2023 (*) (€ thousand) Bonds and notes 11,714 458,619 14,850 460,106 945,289 903,673 Asset-backed financing (Securitizations) 542,960 390,256 277,783 — 1,210,999 1,166,473 Borrowings from banks and other financial institutions 172,441 83,047 46,813 — 302,301 290,930 Lease liabilities 17,934 12,571 28,131 22,316 80,952 73,047 Other debt 43,063 — — — 43,063 43,063 Total debt 788,112 944,493 367,577 482,422 2,582,604 2,477,186 (*) As reported in the consolidated statement of financial position BONDS AND NOTES 2025 BOND On May 27, 2020 the Company issued 1.5 percent coupon notes due May 2025 (“2025 Bond”), having a principal of€650 million. The notes were issued at a discount for an issue price of 98.898 percent, re- sulting in net proceeds of €640,073 thousand, after related expenses, and a yield to maturity of 1.732 per- cent. The bond was admitted to trading on the reg- ulated market of Euronext Dublin. Following a cash tender offer, in July 2023, the Group accepted for purchase valid tenders of the 2025 Bond for an ag- gregate nominal amount of €199,037 thousand and at a purchase price of €191,097 thousand, resulting in gains of €7,940 thousand, which were recognized within financial income. The repurchases were set- tled in July 2023. The amount outstanding of the 2025 Bond at December 31, 2024 was €454,449 thou- sand, including accrued interest of €4,059 thousand (€453,027 thousand, including accrued interest of €4,097 thousand at December 31, 2023). 2030 BOND On May 21, 2024, the Company issued 3.625 percent senior notes due May 2030 (“2030 Bond”) having a principal of €500 million. The notes were issued at a discount for an issue price of 99.677 percent, re- sulting in net proceeds of €496,145 thousand, after related expenses, and a yield to maturity of 3.686 percent. The bond was admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. The pro- ceeds from the 2030 Bond are intended to be used for general corporate purposes. The amount out- standing of the 2030 Bond December 31, 2024 was €507,678 thousand, including accrued interest of €11,173 thousand.

[TABLE] 1,412,973
[TABLE] 1,342,255
[TABLE] 414,633
[TABLE] 126,270
[TABLE] 55,757
[TABLE] 3,351,888

[PAGE 388]
388 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 2029 AND 2031 NOTES On July 31, 2019, the Company issued 1.12 percent senior notes due August 2029 (“2029 Notes”) and 1.27 percent senior notes due August 2031 (“2031 Notes”) through a private placement to certain U.S. institutional investors, each having a principal of €150 million. The net proceeds from the issuances amounted to €298,316 thousand and the yields to maturity on an annual basis equal the nominal cou- pon rates of the notes. The 2029 Notes and the 2031 Notes are primarily used for general corporate pur- poses, including the funding of capital expenditures. The amount outstanding of the 2029 Notes at December 31, 2024 was €150,302 thousand, including accrued interest of €700 thousand (€150,218 thou- sand, including accrued interest of €700 thousand at December 31, 2023). The amount outstanding of the 2031 Notes at December 31, 2024 was €150,315 thou- sand, including accrued interest of €794 thousand (€150,246 thousand including accrued interest of €794 thousand at December 31, 2023). 2032 NOTES On July 29, 2021, the Company issued 0.91 per- cent senior notes due January 2032 (“2032 Notes”) through a private placement to certain U.S. institu- tional investors having a principal of €150 million. The net proceeds from the issuance amounted to €149,495 thousand and the yield to maturity on an annual basis equals the nominal coupon rates of the notes. The 2032 Notes are used for general corpo- rate purposes. The amount outstanding of the 2032 Notes at December 31, 2024 was €150,229 thou- sand, including accrued interest of €576 thousand (€150,182 thousand, including accrued interest of €587 thousand at December 31, 2023). The aforementioned bonds and notes impose cove- nants on Ferrari including: (i) negative pledge claus- es which require that, in case any security interest upon assets of Ferrari is granted in connection with other notes or debt securities with the consent of Ferrari are, or are intended to be, listed, such securi- ty should be equally and ratably extended to the out- standing notes, subject to certain permitted excep- tions; (ii) pari passu clauses, under which the notes rank and will rank pari passu with all other present and future unsubordinated and unsecured obliga- tions of Ferrari; (iii) events of default for failure to pay principal or interest or comply with other obligations under the notes with specified cure periods or in the event of a payment default or acceleration of indebt- edness or in the case of certain bankruptcy events; and (iv) other clauses that are customarily applica- ble to debt securities of issuers with a similar credit standing. A breach of these covenants may require the early repayment of the notes. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, Ferrari was in compliance with the covenants of the bonds and notes. ASSET-BACKED FINANCING (SECURITIZATIONS) As a means of diversifying its sources of funds, the Group sells certain of its receivables originated by its financial services activities in the United States through asset-backed financing or securitization programs (the terms asset-backed financing and securitization programs are used synonymously throughout this document), without transferring the risks typically associated with the related receivables. As a result, the receivables sold through securitiza- tion programs are still consolidated until collection from the customer. The securitization agreements for both programs require the maintenance of hedg- ing through interest rate cap derivatives. The following table presents information relating to the revolving securitization programs. Funding Limit 2 Amount Outstanding at December 31, 2024 Amount Outstanding at December 31, 2023 Maturity Date Program ($ million) Syndicated program (retail) (1) 1,050 974 977 December 2026 Program lease/retail (1) 475 420 312 November 2025 Total asset-backed financing (Securitizations) 1,525 1,394 1,289 (1) At December 31, 2024 the notes relating to the retail securitization program bore interest at a rate per annum equal to the aggregate of a synthetic base rate substantially replicating the LIBOR plus a margin of 79 basis points and the notes relating to the leasing/retail securitization program bore interest at a rate per annum equal to the aggregate of SOFR plus a margin of 70 basis points. (2) Excluding accrued interest. Cash collected from the settlement of receivables under securitization

[PAGE 389]
389 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F programs is subject to certain restrictions regarding its use and is primarily applied to repay principal and interest of the related funding. Such cash amounted to €53,644 thousand at December 31, 2024 (€31,820 thousand at December 31, 2023). BORROWINGS FROM BANKS AND OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS The following table presents information relating to borrowings from banks and other financial institutions. Amount Outstanding at December 31, Currency 2024 2023 Maturity Date Borrowing Entity (€ thousand) Ferrari NV (1) EUR 150,142 — December 2028 Ferrari NV (1) EUR 84,115 130,224 January 2026 Ferrari NV (1) EUR 75,497 — January 2027 Ferrari NV (1) EUR 41,682 75,040 March 2026 Ferrari Financial Services, Inc. (2) USD 63,181 73,153 April 2025 Ferrari SpA (3) EUR 16 12,513 Total borrowings from banks and other financial institutions 414,633 290,930 (1) Term loans bearing an average interest rate of 3.441 percent as of December 31, 2024. (2) Financial liabilities of FFS Inc to support financial services activities bearing interest at SOFR plus 83 basis points. (3) At December 31, 2023 relates to an amortized term loan repaid in June 2024. At December 31, 2024 relates to banking fees and interest. LEASE LIABILITIES The Group recognizes lease liabilities in relation to right-of-use assets in accordance with IFRS 16 — Leases. At December 31, 2024 lease liabilities amounted to €126,270 thousand (€73,047 thousand at December 31, 2023). OTHER DEBT Other debt mainly relates to U.S. based finan- cial service activities with specific reference to expected cash out for new funding request as per contractual commitment. COMMITTED CREDIT LINES At December 31, 2024, the Group had total com- mitted credit lines available and undrawn amount- ing to €550 million and with maturities ranging from 2025 to 2026 (€600 million at December 31, 2023).

[TABLE] 150,142
[TABLE] 84,115
[TABLE] 75,497
[TABLE] 41,682
[TABLE] 63,181
[TABLE] 16
[TABLE] 414,633

[PAGE 390]
390 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F (25) OTHER LIABILITIES An analysis of other liabilities is as follows: At December 31, 2024 2023 (€ thousand) Advances and security deposits 553,771 516,096 Deferred income 335,524 295,683 Accrued expenses 100,314 100,305 Payables to personnel 43,110 44,880 Social security payables 28,532 25,857 Other 44,970 40,146 Total other liabilities 1,106,221 1,022,967 Advances and security deposits mainly include advances received from customers for the purchase of Ferrari cars, mainly for our Icona, limited edition and Special Series models, as well as certain Range models in selected markets. The advances are recognized in net revenues when the cars are shipped. Deferred income primarily includes amounts received under maintenance and power warranty programs of €300,599 thousand at December 31, 2024 and €262,644 thousand at December 31, 2023, which are deferred and recognized as net revenues over the length of the maintenance program. Of the total liability related to maintenance and power warranty programs at December 31, 2024, the Group expects to recognize in net revenues approximately €71 million in 2025, €69 million in 2026, €52 million in 2027 and €109 million in periods subsequent to 2027. Deferred income also includes amounts collected under various other agreements, which are dependent upon the future performance of a service or other act of the Group. Changes in the Group’s contract liabilities for maintenance and power warranties, and advances from customers, were as follows: At December 31, 2023 Additional amounts arising during the period Amounts recognized within revenue Other changes At December 31, 2024 (€ thousand) Advances from customers 510,625 981,694 (945,687) 713 547,345 Maintenance and power warranty programs 262,644 136,420 (98,393) (72) 300,599 At December 31, 2022 Additional amounts arising during the period Amounts recognized within revenue Other changes At December 31, 2023 (€ thousand) Advances from customers 446,394 990,468 (925,406) (831) 510,625 Maintenance and power warranty programs 239,879 112,362 (89,617) 20 262,644

[TABLE] 553,771
[TABLE] 335,524
[TABLE] 100,314
[TABLE] 43,110
[TABLE] 28,532
[TABLE] 44,970
[TABLE] 1,106,221
[TABLE] 3 547,345
[TABLE] ) 300,599

[PAGE 391]
391 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F (26) TRADE PAYABLES Trade payables of €945,657 thousand at December 31, 2024 (€930,560 thousands at December 31, 2023) are entirely due within one year. The carrying amount of trade payables is considered to be equivalent to their fair value. (27) FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT IFRS 13 — Fair Value Measurement establishes a three level hierarchy for the inputs to the valuation techniques used to measure fair value by giving the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in ac- tive markets for identical assets and liabilities (level 1 inputs) and the lowest priority to unobservable in- puts (level 3 inputs). In some cases, the inputs used to measure the fair value of an asset or a liability might be categorized within different levels of the fair val- ue hierarchy. In those cases, the fair value measure- ment is categorized in its entirety in the same level of the fair value hierarchy at the lowest level input that is significant to the entire measurement. Levels used in the hierarchy are as follows: • Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in ac- tive markets for identical assets and liabilities that the Group can access at the measurement date. • Level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the assets or liabilities, either directly or indirectly. • Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the assets and liabilities. Assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The following table shows the fair value hierarchy for financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2024 and 2023: At December 31, 2024 Note Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total (€ thousand) Investments and other financial assets 16 16,897 — — 16,897 Current financial assets 19 — 19,350 — 19,350 Total assets 16,897 19,350 — 36,247 Other financial liabilities 19 — 61,894 — 61,894 Total liabilities — 61,894 — 61,894 At December 31, 2023 Note Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total (€ thousand) Investments and other financial assets 16 11,982 — — 11,982 Current financial assets 19 — 55,562 — 55,562 Total assets 11,982 55,562 — 67,544 Other financial liabilities 19 — 13,539 — 13,539 Total liabilities — 13,539 — 13,539

[TABLE] 16 | 16,897 | — | — | 16,897
[TABLE] 19 | — | 19,350 | — | 19,350
[TABLE] 16,897 | 19,350 | — | 36,247
[TABLE] 19 | — | 61,894 | — | 61,894
[TABLE] — | 61,894 | — | 61,894

[PAGE 392]
392 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F There were no transfers between fair value hierar- chy levels for the periods presented. The fair value of current financial assets and other financial liabilities relates to derivative financial instruments and is measured by taking into consid- eration market parameters at the balance sheet date, using widely accepted valuation techniques. In par- ticular, the fair value of foreign currency derivatives (forward contracts, currency swaps and options and interest rate caps is determined by taking the prevail- ing foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, as applicable, at the reporting date. The par value of cash and cash equivalents usu- ally approximates fair value due to the short matu- rity of these instruments, which consist primarily of current bank accounts. Assets and liabilities not measured at fair value on a recurring basis For financial instruments represented by short- term receivables and payables, for which the pres- ent value of future cash flows does not differ sig- nificantly from carrying value, the Group assumes that carrying value is a reasonable approximation of the fair value. In particular, the carrying amount of current receivables and other current assets and of trade payables and other liabilities approximates their fair value. The following table presents the carrying amount and the fair value for the most relevant categories of financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at fair value on a recurring basis: At December 31, 2024 2023 Note Carrying amount Fair value Carrying amount Fair value (€ thousand) Receivables from financing activities 18 1,661,632 1,661,632 1,451,158 1,451,158 Debt 24 3,351,888 3,348,721 2,477,186 2,462,716 The Group has determined that the carrying amount of the majority of its debt approximates its fair value since either (i) the interest payable on the debt is close to current market rates, and/or (ii) the debt is of a short- term nature. The only exception is the Group’s debt that is publicly listed for which the fair value is based on quoted market prices. (28) RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Pursuant to IAS 24 — Related Party Disclosures (“IAS 24”), the related parties of Ferrari include Exor N.V. and together with its subsidiaries the Exor Group, as well as all entities and individuals capable of exercising control, joint control or sig- nificant influence over the Company and its subsid- iaries. Related parties also include companies over which the Exor Group is capable of exercising con- trol, joint control or significant influence, including Stellantis N.V., and together with its subsidiaries the Stellantis Group, and CNH Industrial N.V. and its subsidiaries, as well as joint ventures and associ- ates of Ferrari. In addition, members of the Ferrari Board of Directors and executives with strategic responsibilities and their families are also consid- ered related parties. The Group carries out transactions with related parties on commercial terms that are normal in the respective markets, considering the characteristics of the goods or services involved. Transactions car- ried out by the Group with these related parties are primarily of a commercial nature and, in particular, these transactions relate to: • Transactions with Stellantis Group companies: • transactions with Stellantis Group companies relating to technical cooperation agreements with the aim to enhance the quality and competitiveness of the parties’ products while reducing costs and investments, as well as for certain services received by Stellantis Group companies, mainly of an administrative nature; • the sale of engines to Maserati S.p.A. (“Maserati”) and the purchase of engine components for the use in the production of Maserati engines from FCA US LLC. The contract with Maserati expired in December 2023 and residual sales occurred throughout 2024.

[TABLE] 1,661,632 | 1,661,632
[TABLE] 3,351,888 | 3,348,721

[PAGE 393]
393 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F • Transactions with Stellantis Group companies for the periods presented include transactions with FCA Bank until April 1, 2023. Following the sale by the Stellantis Group of its 50 percent own- ership interest in FCA Bank to Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance S.A., FCA Bank (which was renamed CA Auto Bank) is now fully owned by Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance S.A. and is no longer a related party of Ferrari. • Transactions with Exor Group companies (excluding Stellantis Group companies): • the Group incurs rental costs from Iveco S.p.A. (a company belonging to Iveco Group) for the rental of trucks used by the Scuderia Ferrari racing team; • the Group earns sponsorship revenue from Iveco S.p.A. • Transactions with other related parties: • the purchase of components for Formula 1 racing cars from COXA S.p.A.; • consultancy services provided by HPE S.r.l.; • sponsorship agreement relating to Formula 1 activities with Ferretti S.p.A.; • sale of cars to certain members of the Board of Directors of Ferrari N.V. and Exor. In accordance with IAS 24, transactions with related parties also include compensation to Directors and managers with strategic responsibilities. The amounts of transactions with related parties recognized in the consolidated income statement are as follows: For the years ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 Net revenues Costs1 Financial expenses/ (income), net Net revenues Costs1 Financial expenses, net Net revenues Costs1 Financial expenses, net (€ thousand) Stellantis Group companies Maserati 4,947 1,636 — 50,391 2,091 — 78,946 2,989 — FCA US LLC — — — — 6,803 — 14 14,861 — Other Stellantis Group companies 12,919 1,353 — 11,489 6,280 1,032 10,953 5,950 2,696 Total Stellantis Group companies 17,866 2,989 — 61,880 15,174 1,032 89,913 23,800 2,696 Exor Group companies (excluding the Stellantis Group) 485 1,913 22 281 1,615 3 282 1,611 — Other related parties 5,487 15,993 13 2,237 15,000 — 3,088 14,121 1 Total transactions with related parties 23,838 20,895 35 64,398 31,789 1,035 93,283 39,532 2,697 Total for the Group 6,676,668 3,903,070 (1,205) 5,970,146 3,477,355 15,015 5,095,254 3,098,475 49,616 (1) Costs include cost of sales, selling, general and administrative costs and other expenses, net.

[TABLE] 4,947 | 1,636 | —
[TABLE] — | — | —
[TABLE] 12,919 | 1,353 | —
[TABLE] 17,866 | 2,989 | —
[TABLE] 485 | 1,913 | 22
[TABLE] 5,487 | 15,993 | 13
[TABLE] 23,838 | 20,895 | 35
[TABLE] 6,676,668 | 3,903,070 | (1,205)

[PAGE 394]
394 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F Non-financial assets and liabilities originating from related party transactions are as follows: At December 31, 2024 2023 Trade receivables Trade payables Other current assets Other liabilities Trade receivables Trade payables Other current assets Other liabilities (€ thousand) Stellantis Group companies Maserati 2,838 2,700 — 23 19,681 3,696 — — FCA US LLC 11 — — — 11 771 — — Other Stellantis Group companies 805 863 10 304 588 1,858 6 704 Total Stellantis Group companies 3,654 3,563 10 327 20,280 6,325 6 704 Exor Group companies (excluding the Stellantis Group) 153 49 1,026 924 — 392 214 218 Other related parties 357 1,691 341 346 118 2,726 — 51 Total transactions with related parties 4,164 5,303 1,377 1,597 20,398 9,443 220 973 Total for the Group 349,176 945,657 137,763 1,106,221 261,380 930,560 130,228 1,022,967 At December 31, 2024 and at December 31, 2023 there were no financial assets or financial liabilities with related parties. EMOLUMENTS TO DIRECTORS AND KEY MANAGEMENT The fees of the Directors of Ferrari N.V. are as follows: For the years ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (€ thousand) Directors of Ferrari N.V. 11,331 9,791 7,660 The aggregate compensation to Directors of Ferrari N.V. for year ended December 31, 2024 was €11,331 thousand (€9,791 thousand in 2023 and €7,660 thou- sand in 2022), inclusive of the following: • €6,936 thousand for salary and other short-term benefits, including short-term incentives (€6,688 thousand in 2023 and €5,650 thousand in 2022); • €230 thousand for pension benefits (€230 thou- sand in 2023 and 2022), and • €4,165 thousand for share-based compensation awarded under the Company’s equity incentive plans and other share-based payments (€2,873 thousand in 2023 and €1,780 thousand in 2022). See Note 21 “Share-based compensation” for addi- tional information related to the Company’s equity incentive plans. There was no equity-settled com- pensation for Non-Executive Directors for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022. The aggregate compensation for members of the FLT (excluding the CEO) in 2024 was €29,292 thou- sand (€39,131 thousand in 2023 and €33,935 thou- sand in 2022), inclusive of the following: • €23,146 thousand for salary and other short- term benefits, including short-term incentives (€34,107 thousand in 2023 and €28,084 thou- sand in 2022); • €5,464 thousand for share-based compensa- tion awarded under the Company’s equity incen- tive plans (€4,479 thousand in 2023 and €5,176 thousand in 2022); and • €682 thousand for pension contributions (€545 thousand in 2023 and €675 thousand in 2022).

[TABLE] 2,838 | 2,700 | — | 23
[TABLE] 11 | — | — | —
[TABLE] 805 | 863 | 10 | 304
[TABLE] 3,654 | 3,563 | 10 | 327
[TABLE] 153 | 49 | 1,026 | 924
[TABLE] 357 | 1,691 | 341 | 346
[TABLE] 4,164 | 5,303 | 1,377 | 1,597
[TABLE] 349,176 | 945,657 | 137,763 | 1,106,221

[PAGE 395]
395 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F (29) COMMITMENTS ARRANGEMENTS WITH KEY SUPPLIERS From time to time, in the ordinary course of busi- ness, the Group enters into various arrangements with key third party suppliers in order to establish strategic and technological advantages. A limited number of these arrangements contain uncondi- tional purchase obligations to purchase a fixed or minimum quantity of goods and/or services with fixed and determinable price provisions. ARRANGEMENTS WITH SPONSORS Certain of the Group’s sponsorship contracts in- clude terms whereby the Group is obligated to pur- chase a minimum quantity of goods and/or services from its sponsors. Future minimum purchase obligations under these supplier and sponsorship arrangements at December 31, 2024 were as follows: At December 31, 2024 Due within one year Due between one and three years Due between three and five years Due beyond five years Total (€ thousand) Minimum purchase obligations 112,488 55,811 45,630 — 213,929 LEASE AGREEMENTS For information relating to future aggregate minimum lease payments under lease contracts, which primarily relate to the lease of stores and industrial buildings, see Note 24 “Debt—Contractual undiscounted cash flows”. (30) QUALITATIVE AND QUANTITATIVE INFORMATION ON FINANCIAL RISKS The Group is exposed to the following financial risks connected with its operations: • Financial market risk — Principally relating to foreign currency exchange rates and to a lesser extent, interest rates and commodity prices), as the Group operates internationally in different currencies; • Liquidity risk — With particular reference to the availability of funds and access to the credit markets, should the Group require them, and to financial instruments in general; • Credit risk — Arises from normal commercial re- lations with dealers, sponsors, licensees and final clients, as well as the Group’s financing activities. These risks could significantly affect the Group’s financial position, results of operations and cash flows, and for this reason the Group identifies and monitors these risks, in order to detect potential neg- ative effects in advance and take the necessary ac- tion to mitigate them, primarily through the Group’s operating and financing activities and if required, through the use of derivative financial instruments. The following section provides qualitative and quan- titative disclosures on the effect that these risks may have upon the Group. The quantitative data reported in the following section does not have any predictive value. In particular, the sensitivity analysis on finan- cial market risks does not reflect the complexity of the market or the reaction which may result from any changes that are assumed to take place. FINANCIAL MARKET RISKS Due to the nature of the Group’s business, the Group is exposed to a variety of market risks, including for- eign currency exchange rate risk and to a lesser ex- tent, interest rate risk and commodity price risk. The Group’s exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk arises from the geographic dis- tribution of the Group’s shipments, as the Group generally sells its models in the currencies of the various markets in which the Group operates, while the Group’s industrial activities are all based in Italy, and primarily denominated in Euro. The Group’s exposure to interest rate risk arises from the need to fund certain activities and

[TABLE] 112,488 | 55,811 | 45,630 | — | 213,929

[PAGE 396]
396 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F the necessity to deploy surplus funds. Changes in market interest rates may have the effect of either increasing or decreasing the Group’s net profit/ (loss), thereby indirectly affecting the costs and returns of financing and investing transactions. The Group has in place various risk management policies, which primarily relate to foreign exchange and commodity price, interest rate and liquidity risks. The Group’s risk management policies permit deriva- tives to be used for managing such risk exposures at risk. Counterparties to these agreements are major financial institutions. Derivative financial instruments can only be executed for hedging purposes. In particular, the Group used derivative financial instruments as cash flow hedges primarily for the purpose of limiting the negative impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on forecasted transactions denominated in foreign currencies. Accordingly, as a result of applying risk management policies with respect to foreign currency exchange exposure, the Group’s results of operations have not been fully exposed to fluctuations in foreign cur- rency exchange rates. However, despite these risk management policies and hedging transactions, sudden adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates could have a significant effect on the Group’s earnings and cash flows. The Group also enters into interest rate caps as required by certain of its securitization agreements. Information on the fair value of derivative finan- cial instruments held is provided in Note 19. INFORMATION ON FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE RISK The Group is exposed to risks resulting from chang- es in foreign currency exchange rates, which can af- fect its earnings and equity. In particular: • Where a Group company incurs costs in a cur- rency different from that of its revenues, any change in foreign currency exchange rates can affect the operating results of that company. In 2024, the total trade flows exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk amounted to the equivalent of 59 percent of the Group’s net reve- nues (60 percent in 2023 and 65 percent in 2022). • The main foreign currency exchange rate to which the Group is exposed is the Euro/U.S. Dollar for sales in U.S. Dollar in the United States and other markets where the U.S. Dollar is the refer- ence currency. In 2024, the value of commercial activities exposed to fluctuations in the Euro/U.S. Dollar exchange rate accounted for approximate- ly 61 percent (57 percent in 2023 and 52 percent in 2022) of the total currency risk from commer- cial activities. In 2024 the commercial activities exposed to the Euro/Japanese Yen exchange rate exceeded 10 percent (in 2023 and 2022 the Euro/Chinese Renmimbi exchange rate and the Euro/Japanese Yen exchange rate exceeded 10 percent) of the total currency risk from com- mercial activities. Other significant exposures included the exchange rate between the Euro and the following currencies: Chinese Renmimbi, Pound Sterling, Swiss Franc, Canadian Dollar and Australian Dollar. None of these exposures, taken individually, exceeded 10 percent of the Group’s total foreign currency exchange rate exposure for commercial activities in 2024, 2023 and 2022 (apart from Chinese Renmimbi in 2023 and 2022). • Several subsidiaries are located in countries that are outside the Eurozone, in particular the United States, Japan, China, and Australia. As the Group’s reporting currency is the Euro, the in- come statements of those companies are trans- lated into Euro using the average exchange rate for the period and, even if revenues and margins are unchanged in local currency, changes in ex- change rates can impact the amount of reve- nues, costs and profit as translated into Euro. • The amount of assets and liabilities of consoli- dated companies that report in a currency oth- er than the Euro may vary from period to period as a result of changes in exchange rates. The ef- fects of these changes are recognized directly in equity as a component of other comprehensive income/(loss) under gains/(losses) from curren- cy translation differences. Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items or on reporting monetary items at rates different from those at which they were initial- ly recorded during the period or in previous finan- cial statements, are recognized in the consolidated income statement within financial income or finan- cial expenses or as cost of sales for charges arising from financial services companies. It is the Group’s policy to use derivative financial instruments (primarily forward currency contracts and currency options) to hedge up to 90 percent of the principal exposures to foreign currency trans- action exchange risk, typically for a period of up to twelve months. The Group monitors its principal exposure to for- eign currency translation exchange risk, although the Group did not engage in any specific hedging activities in relation to translation exchange risk for the periods presented. The impact of foreign currency exchange rate differences recorded within financial income or financial expenses for the year ended December 31, 2024, including the costs of hedging foreign cur- rency exchange rate risk, amounted to net losses of €7,035 thousand (net losses of €20,197 thou- sand and €25,923 thousand for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively). All of the Group’s financial services activities are conducted in the functional currencies of the related financial services companies, therefore the impact of foreign currency exchange rate differ- ences arising from financial services activities was zero in all periods presented. Except as noted above, there have been no substan-

[PAGE 397]
397 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F tial changes in 2024 in the nature or structure of ex- posure to foreign currency exchange rate risks or in the Group’s hedging policies. The potential decrease in fair value of deriv- ative financial instruments held by the Group at December 31, 2024 to hedge against foreign cur- rency exchange rate risks, which would arise in the case of a hypothetical, immediate and adverse change of 10 percent in the exchange rates of the major foreign currencies with the Euro, would be approximately €171,437 thousand (€191,355 thou- sand at December 31, 2023). Receivables, payables and future trade flows for which hedges have been put in place were not included in the analysis. It is rea- sonable to assume that changes in foreign currency exchange rates will produce the opposite effect, of an equal or greater amount, on the underlying trans- actions that have been hedged. The sensitivity analy- sis is based on currency hedging in place at the end of the period, which can vary during the period and assumes unchanged market conditions other than exchange rates, such as volatility and interest rates. For this reason, it is purely indicative. INFORMATION ON INTEREST RATE RISK The Group’s exposure to interest rate risk, though less significant, arises from the need to fund financial services activities and the necessity to deploy surplus funds. Changes in market interest rates may have the effect of either increasing or decreasing the Group’s net profit/(loss), thereby indirectly affecting the costs and returns of financing and investing transactions. The Group’s most significant floating rate finan- cial assets at December 31, 2024 were cash and cash equivalents and certain receivables from client financing activities, while 48 percent of the Group’s gross debt bears floating rates of interest (58 per- cent at December 31, 2023). At December 31, 2024, a decrease of 25 basis points in interest rates on floating rate financial assets and debt, with all other variables held constant, would have resulted in a decrease in profit before taxes of €648 thousand on an annual basis (a decrease of €565 thousand at December 31, 2023 for an increase of 25 basis points in interest rates). The analysis is based on the assump- tion that floating rate financial assets and debt which expire during the projected 12-month period will be renewed or reinvested in similar instruments, bear- ing the hypothetical short-term interest rates. INFORMATION ON COMMODITY PRICE RISK The Group’s exposure to commodity price risk, though much less significant than foreign exchange rate risk and interest rate risk, arises from the need to use a variety of raw materials in the Group’s op- erations, including aluminum and precious metals such as palladium and rhodium. The Group monitors its exposure to commodity price risk and may hedge a portion of such exposure through derivative finan- cial instruments (primarily commodity swaps). LIQUIDITY RISK Liquidity risk arises if the Group is unable to obtain the funds needed to carry out its operations and meet its obligations. The main determinant of the Group’s liquidity position is the cash generated by or used in operating and investing activities. From an operating point of view, the Group man- ages liquidity risk by monitoring cash flows and keep- ing an adequate level of funds readily available. The main funding operations and investments in cash and marketable securities of the Group are centrally managed or supervised by the treasury depart- ment with the aim of ensuring effective and efficient management of the Group’s liquidity. The Group has established various policies which are managed or supervised centrally by the treasury department with the purpose of optimizing the management of funds and reducing liquidity risk which include: • centralizing liquidity management through the use of cash pooling arrangements; • maintaining a conservative level of available liquidity; • obtaining adequate credit lines and diversifying sources of funding; • maintaining a portfolio of high-quality liquid assets; • monitoring future liquidity requirements on the basis of business planning. Intercompany financing between Group entities is not restricted other than through the application of covenants requiring that transactions with related parties be conducted at arm’s length terms. Details on the maturity profile of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities and on the structure of derivative financial instruments are provided in Notes 19 and 24. Details of the repayment of deriv- ative financial instruments are provided in Note 19. To preventively and prudently manage potential liquidity or refinancing risks in the foreseeable future, the Group has secured available undrawn committed credit lines, which amounted to €550 million and €600 million at December 31, 2024 and 2023 respectively. The Group believes that its total available liquidity (defined as cash and cash equivalents plus undrawn committed credit lines), in addition to funds that will be generated from operating activities, will enable Ferrari to appropriately and adequately satisfy the requirements of its operational activities, including working capital needs, and its investing activities, as well as to fulfill its obligations to repay its debts and ensure an appropriate level of strategic and opera- tional flexibility. The Group therefore believes there is no significant risk of a lack of liquidity. CREDIT RISK Credit risk is the risk of economic loss arising from the failure to fully collect receivables. Credit risk encom- passes the direct risk of default and the risk of a dete- rioration of the creditworthiness of the counterparty.

[PAGE 398]
398 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F The maximum credit risk to which the Group is theoretically exposed at December 31, 2024 is rep- resented by the carrying amounts of the financial assets presented in the consolidated statement of financial position sheet and the nominal value of the guarantees provided. Dealers, clients and, in general, Ferrari’s busi- ness partners are subject to a specific evaluation of their creditworthiness. Additionally, it is Group practice to obtain financial guarantees against risks associated with credit granted for the purchase of cars and parts, as well as certain sponsorships and licensees. These guarantees are further strength- ened, where possible, by retaining title on cars sub- ject to financing agreements. Credit positions of material significance are evaluated on an individual basis. Where objective evidence exists that they are uncollectible, in whole or in part, specific write-downs are recognized. The amount of the write-down is based on an estimate of the recoverable cash flows, the timing of those cash flows, the cost of recovery and the fair value of any guarantees received. Receivables from financing activities relate entirely to the financial services portfolio in the United States and such receivables are generally secured on the titles of cars or other guarantees. Receivables from financing activities amounting to €1,661,632 thou- sand at December 31, 2024 (€1,451,158 thousand at December 31, 2023) are shown net of the allowance for doubtful accounts amounting to €16,547 thousand (€11,165 thousand at December 31, 2023). After con- sidering the allowance for doubtful accounts, €107,203 thousand of receivables were overdue (€82,029 thou- sand at December 31, 2023), where receivables are considered overdue if a counterparty has failed to make at least one contractual payment by the respective due date. Therefore, overdue receivables represent a minor portion of receivables from financing activities. Trade receivables amounting to €349,176 thou- sand at December 31, 2024 (€261,380 thousand at December 31, 2023) are shown net of the allow- ance for doubtful accounts amounting to €33,376 thousand (€25,418 thousand at December 31, 2023). After considering the allowance for doubtful ac- counts, €47,151 thousand of receivables were over- due (€35,935 thousand at December 31, 2023). The Group’s cash and cash equivalents are held on bank and deposit accounts with primary financial institutions and highly rated money market funds. It is the Ferrari Group’s policy to continuously monitor counterparty risk and limit concentration of bank and deposit accounts to a maximum of 25% of the total with a single financial counterpart. With spe- cific reference to money market funds, the invested amounts in any specific fund must not exceed 10% of the par value of such. The Group considers its credit risk with respect to its cash and cash equivalents to be low considering that they are held with primary financial institutions and the maximum exposure with any one counterparty is limited. Cash flow forecasting is performed by the Group on a recurring basis. The Group monitors a rolling forecast of its liquidity requirements to ensure an adequate cash balance to meet operational needs and maintain adequate headroom. Cash held by the businesses over and above balances required for working capital management is loaned to the Group’s centralized treasury department. Cash is invested in instant-access current accounts, short-term depos- its and money market funds, choosing instruments with appropriate maturities to provide adequate headroom as determined by cash forecasts. In accor- dance to Group liquidity risk management policy, the Group controls counterparties’ credit risk and credit limit utilization. It adopts a conservative approach to the investment of its cash which is deposited with fi- nancial institutions with high credit standing. The following table presents information relating to the short term credit rating of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents: At December 31, 2024 2023 P-1 / A-1 / Aaa-mf / AAAm (1) 36% 6% P-2 / A-2 59% 92% P-3 / A-3 / Not rated 5% 2% Aaa-mf (Moody’s) /AAAm (S&P Global Ratings) refer to money market funds. P-ratings (Moody’s) and A-ratings (S&P Global Ratings) refer to the short-term rating of the financial institutions with whom the Group deposits cash in current accounts or other short-term instruments.

[TABLE] 36%
[TABLE] 59%
[TABLE] 5%

[PAGE 399]
399 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F (31) ENTITY-WIDE DISCLOSURES The following table presents an analysis of net revenues by geographic location of the Group’s customers for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, including the effects of foreign currency hedge transactions. Revenues by geography presented for material individual countries are not necessarily correlated to shipments of cars as certain countries include revenues from sponsorship and commercial activities relating to Ferrari’s participation in the Formula 1 World Championship. For the years ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (€ thousand) Italy 462,832 442,760 379,898 Rest of EMEA 2,690,613 2,428,783 2,045,888 of which UK 652,391 625,930 536,280 of which Germany 549,093 493,930 430,380 Americas (1) 2,183,435 1,762,530 1,407,790 of which United States of America 1,921,459 1,535,772 1,198,834 Mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan 539,500 583,760 621,407 of which Mainland China 390,529 479,882 533,724 Rest of APAC (2) 800,288 752,313 640,271 Total net revenues 6,676,668 5,970,146 5,095,254 (1) Americas includes the United States of America, Canada, Mexico, the Caribbean and of Central and South America. (2) Rest of APAC mainly includes Japan, Australia, Singapore, Indonesia, South Korea, Thailand, India and Malaysia. Revenues in the Netherlands, the Company’s country of domicile, for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 amounted to €85,786 thousand, €68,605 thousand and €56,748 thousand, respectively. The following table presents an analysis of non-current assets other than financial instruments and deferred tax assets by geographic location: At December 31, 2024 2023 Property, plant and equipment Goodwill Intangible assets Property, plant and equipment Goodwill Intangible assets (€ thousand) Italy 1,765,618 785,182 1,545,420 1,532,516 785,182 1,419,447 Rest of EMEA 28,401 — — 5,388 — — Americas (1) 27,573 — — 29,701 — — Mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan 2,335 — — 3,100 — — Rest of APAC (2) 4,857 — 244 4,495 — 252 Total 1,828,784 785,182 1,545,664 1,575,200 785,182 1,419,699 (1) Americas includes the United States of America, Canada, Mexico, the Caribbean and of Central and South America. (2) Rest of APAC mainly includes Japan, Australia, Singapore, Indonesia, South Korea, Thailand, India and Malaysia.

[TABLE] 462,832
[TABLE] 2,690,613
[TABLE] 652,391
[TABLE] 549,093
[TABLE] 2,183,435
[TABLE] 1,921,459
[TABLE] 539,500
[TABLE] 390,529
[TABLE] 800,288
[TABLE] 6,676,668
[TABLE] 1,765,618 | 785,182 | 1,545,420
[TABLE] 28,401 | — | —
[TABLE] 27,573 | — | —
[TABLE] 2,335 | — | —
[TABLE] 4,857 | — | 244
[TABLE] 1,828,784 | 785,182 | 1,545,664

[PAGE 400]
400 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F (32) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS The following table presents cash and cash equivalents: At December 31, 2024 2023 (€ thousand) Cash and bank balances 1,742,214 1,121,981 Cash and cash equivalents 1,742,214 1,121,981 At December 31, 2024, cash and cash equivalents included €450,000 thousand relating to time de- posits held with recognized international finan- cial institutions, which originated in November and December 2024 and mature in February and March 2025 and an investment in money market funds of €365,608 thousand with an AAAm rating. At December 31, 2023, cash and cash equivalents in- cluded €50,000 thousand relating to a time deposit held with a recognized international financial insti- tution, which originated in November 2023 and ma- tured in February 2024. At both December 31, 2024 and 2023, the remaining cash and bank balances were held in bank current accounts At December 31, 2024, 88 percent of our cash and cash equivalents were denominated in Euro (at December 31, 2023, 80 percent). The Group’s cash and cash equivalents denominated in currencies other than the Euro are available mostly to Ferrari S.p.A. and certain subsidiaries which operate in areas other than the Eurozone. The following table sets forth an analysis of the currencies in which the Group’s cash and cash equivalents were denominated at December 31, 2024 and 2023. At December 31, 2024 2023 (€ thousand) Euro 1,535,630 894,509 U.S. Dollar 107,871 96,663 Chinese Yuan 62,525 80,716 Swiss Franc 12,067 10,605 Pound Sterling 8,483 19,706 Other currencies 15,638 19,782 Total 1,742,214 1,121,981 Cash held in some countries may be subject to trans- fer restrictions. In particular, cash held in China (in- cluding in currencies other than the Chinese Yuan), which amounted to €63,379 thousand at December 31, 2024 (€81,337 thousand at December 31, 2023), is subject to certain repatriation restrictions and may only be repatriated as a repayment of payables or debt, or as dividends or capital distributions. The Group does not believe that such transfer restric- tions have any adverse impacts on its ability to meet its liquidity requirements. Cash collected from the settlement of receiv- ables under securitization programs is subject to certain restrictions regarding its use and is princi- pally applied to repay principal and interest of the related funding. Such cash amounted to €53,644 thousand at December 31, 2024 (€31,820 thousand at December 31, 2023). For information relating to the credit risk with respect to cash and cash equivalents, see note 30 “Qualitative and Quantitative Information on Financial Risks”.

[TABLE] 1,742,214
[TABLE] 1,742,214
[TABLE] 1,535,630
[TABLE] 107,871
[TABLE] 62,525
[TABLE] 12,067
[TABLE] 8,483
[TABLE] 15,638
[TABLE] 1,742,214

[PAGE 401]
401 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS Other non-cash expenses, net primarily include equity-settled share- based compensation, allowances for doubtful accounts of trade receivables and provisions for slow moving and obsolete inventories. For information relating to the financing cash flows relating to debt, see Note 24 “Debt—Contractual undiscounted cash flows”. (33) SUBSEQUENT EVENTS The Group has evaluated subsequent events through February 20, 2025, which is the date the Consolidated Financial Statements were authorized for issuance, and identified the following matters: Under the common share repurchase program, from January 1, 2025 to February 14, 2025 the Company purchased an additional 188,303 common shares for total consideration of €78.2 million. At February 14, 2025, the Company held in treasury an aggregate of 15,067,471 common shares. On February 20, 2025, the Board of Directors of Ferrari N.V. recommended to the Company’s shareholders that the Company declare a dividend of €2.986 per common share, totaling approximately €534 million. The proposal is subject to the approval of the Company’s shareholders at the Annual General Meeting to be held on April 16, 2025.

[PAGE 403]
403 COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENT Income Statement/Statement 405 of Comprehensive Income Statement of Financial 406 Position Statement of Cash Flows 407 Statement of Changes 408 In Equity Notes to the Company 409 Financial Statements FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

[PAGE 405]
405 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F FERRARI N.V. INCOME STATEMENT/ STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024 AND 2023 For the years ended December 31, Note 2024 2023 (€ thousand) Net revenues 3 93 2,144 Other income 3 26,017 18,747 Dividend income 4 950,000 500,000 Cost of sales 5,163 1,781 Selling, general and administrative costs 5 47,698 45,214 Financial income 6 4,132 11,092 Financial expenses 6 145,089 131,040 Financial expenses, net 6 140,957 119,948 Profit before taxes 782,292 353,948 Income tax benefit 7 29,249 28,811 Net profit 811,541 382,759 Other comprehensive income 49 27 Total comprehensive income 811,590 382,786 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Company Financial Statements.

[TABLE] 93
[TABLE] 26,017
[TABLE] 950,000
[TABLE] 5,163
[TABLE] 47,698
[TABLE] 4,132
[TABLE] 145,089
[TABLE] 140,957
[TABLE] 782,292
[TABLE] 29,249
[TABLE] 811,541
[TABLE] 49
[TABLE] 811,590

[PAGE 406]
406 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F FERRARI N.V. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AT DECEMBER 31, 2024 AND 2023 At December 31, Note 2024 2023 (€ thousand) Assets Property, plant and equipment 8 23,674 2,734 Investments in subsidiaries 9 8,798,663 8,783,663 Financial receivables 10 36,755 34,762 Deferred tax assets 7 3,545 3,836 Total non-current assets 8,862,637 8,824,995 Trade receivables 10 17,263 23,040 Tax receivables 7 32,463 90,463 Other current assets 10 50,701 61,298 Cash and cash equivalents 12 179,894 97,432 Total current assets 280,321 272,233 Total assets 9,142,958 9,097,228 Equity and liabilities Share capital 2,573 2,573 Share premium 5,768,544 5,768,544 Other reserves (2,130,188) (1,573,121) Retained earnings 1,109,585 737,962 Total equity 13 4,750,514 4,935,958 Debt (Non-Current) 15 1,249,179 1,029,572 Employee benefits 6,188 5,797 Total non-current liabilities 1,255,367 1,035,369 Debt (Current) 15 3,068,079 3,016,746 Trade payables 16 2,924 1,743 Tax payables 7 31,449 69,597 Other current liabilities 17 26,802 35,051 Ferrari Group cash management pools 11 7,823 2,764 Total current liabilities 3,137,077 3,125,901 Total liabilities 4,392,444 4,161,270 Total equity and liabilities 9,142,958 9,097,228 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Company Financial Statements.

[TABLE] 23,674
[TABLE] 8,798,663
[TABLE] 36,755
[TABLE] 3,545
[TABLE] 8,862,637
[TABLE] 17,263
[TABLE] 32,463
[TABLE] 50,701
[TABLE] 179,894
[TABLE] 280,321
[TABLE] 9,142,958
[TABLE] 2,573
[TABLE] 5,768,544
[TABLE] (2,130,188)
[TABLE] 1,109,585
[TABLE] 4,750,514
[TABLE] 1,249,179
[TABLE] 6,188
[TABLE] 1,255,367
[TABLE] 3,068,079
[TABLE] 2,924
[TABLE] 31,449
[TABLE] 26,802
[TABLE] 7,823
[TABLE] 3,137,077
[TABLE] 4,392,444
[TABLE] 9,142,958

[PAGE 407]
407 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F FERRARI N.V. STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024 AND 2023 For the years ended December 31, Note 2024 2023 (€ thousand) Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 97,432 110,702 Cash flows from operating activities: Net profit 811,541 382,759 Income tax benefit 7 (29,249) (28,811) Amortization and depreciation 8 3,309 703 Financial income 6 (4,132) (11,092) Financial expenses 6 145,089 131,040 Other non-cash expenses/(income), net 19 26,653 (6,721) Change in trade receivables 10 6,180 1,025 Change in trade payables 16 1,245 (5,782) Change in other operating assets and liabilities 50,303 37,053 Finance costs paid 7 (139,623) (77,797) Total cash flows from operating activities 871,316 422,377 Cash flows used in investing activities: Investments in property, plant and equipment 8 (109) (1,585) Investments in subsidiaries 9 (15,000) (9,000) Total cash flows used in investing activities (15,109) (10,585) Cash flows used in financing activities: Proceeds from financial liabilities with related parties 15 2,900,000 2,900,000 Repayments of financial liabilities with related parties 15 (3,300,000) (2,159,120) Proceeds from bonds and notes 496,145 — Repayments of bonds and notes — (575,702) Proceeds from borrowings from banks and other financial institutions 15 225,000 250,000 Repayments of borrowings from banks and other financial institutions 15 (78,333) (47,500) Repayments of lease liabilities 15 (509) (672) Change in Ferrari Group cash management pools 11 4,954 (2,808) Dividends paid to owners 13 (439,918) (328,631) Share repurchases 13 (581,084) (460,629) Total cash flows used in financing activities (773,745) (425,062) Total change in cash and cash equivalents 82,462 (13,270) Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 19 179,894 97,432 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Company Financial Statements.

[TABLE] 97,432
[TABLE] 811,541
[TABLE] (29,249)
[TABLE] 3,309
[TABLE] (4,132)
[TABLE] 145,089
[TABLE] 26,653
[TABLE] 6,180
[TABLE] 1,245
[TABLE] 50,303
[TABLE] (139,623)
[TABLE] 871,316
[TABLE] (109)
[TABLE] (15,000)
[TABLE] (15,109)
[TABLE] 2,900,000
[TABLE] (3,300,000)
[TABLE] 496,145
[TABLE] —
[TABLE] 225,000
[TABLE] (78,333)
[TABLE] (509)
[TABLE] 4,954
[TABLE] (439,918)
[TABLE] (581,084)
[TABLE] (773,745)
[TABLE] 82,462
[TABLE] 179,894

[PAGE 408]
408 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F FERRARI N.V. STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024 AND 2023 Share capital Share premium Other reserves Retained earnings Total equity (€ thousand) At December 31, 2022 2,573 5,768,544 (1,143,382) 683,834 5,311,569 Net profit — — — 382,759 382,759 Other comprehensive income — — 27 — 27 Total comprehensive income — — 27 382,759 382,786 Dividends to owners — — — (328,631) (328,631) Share repurchases — — (460,629) — (460,629) Share-based compensation — — 30,863 — 30,863 At December 31, 2023 2,573 5,768,544 (1,573,121) 737,962 4,935,958 Net profit — — — 811,541 811,541 Other comprehensive income — — 49 — 49 Total comprehensive income — — 49 811,541 811,590 Dividends to owners — — — (439,918) (439,918) Share repurchases — — (581,084) — (581,084) Share-based compensation — — 23,968 — 23,968 At December 31, 2024 2,573 5,768,544 (2,130,188) 1,109,585 4,750,514 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Company Financial Statements.

[PAGE 409]
409 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F NOTES TO THE COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (1) CORPORATE INFORMATION AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES Ferrari N.V. (the “Company” or “Ferrari” and togeth- er with its subsidiaries the “Ferrari Group” or the “Group”) was incorporated as a public limited com- pany (naamloze vennootschap) under the laws of the Netherlands on September 4, 2015. The Company was formed to ultimately act as a holding company for Ferrari S.p.A., which, together with its subsidiar- ies, is focused on the design, engineering, produc- tion and sale of luxury performance sports cars. The Company is listed under the ticker symbol RACE on the New York Stock Exchange and on the Euronext Milan. The Company’s official seat (statutaire zetel) is in Amsterdam, the Netherlands and the Company’s corporate address is in Maranello, Italy at Via Abetone Inferiore 4. The Company is registered with the Dutch trade register under number 64060977. (2) BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES DATE OF AUTHORIZATION FOR ISSUANCE The separate financial statements of the Company (the “Company Financial Statements”) as of and for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 were authorized for issuance on February 20, 2024. BASIS OF PREPARATION The Company Financial Statements are prepared on a going concern basis using the historical cost method, modified as required for the measurement of certain financial instruments, which are generally measured at fair value. STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE The Company Financial Statements have been pre- pared in accordance with the IFRS® Accounting Standards as adopted by the European Union (“EU IFRS Accounting Standards”) and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. MEASUREMENT BASIS The Company Financial Statements were prepared using the same accounting policies as set out in the notes to the consolidated financial statements at December 31, 2024 (the “Consolidated Financial Statements”), except for the measurement of the investments as presented under “Investments in subsidiaries” in the Company Financial Statements, which are measured at cost, less impairment (if any). Management considers the primary focus of these Company Financial Statements to be the legal enti- ty perspective and considers that these Company Financial Statements should reflect the cost of the subsidiaries as well as the amounts that are eligi- ble for distribution to the Company’s shareholders. Management believes that the measurement of its sub- sidiaries at cost in the Company Financial Statements, as permitted under EU IFRS Accounting Standards, provides the best insight into the Company’s finan- cial position and results, in addition to the information provided in the Consolidated Financial Statements. The accounting policies were consistently applied to all periods presented herein with the exception of the new standards and amendments effective from January 1, 2024 as noted below. The amounts in the Company Financial Statements are presented in thousands of Euro (€), except where otherwise indicated. FORMAT OF THE COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The Company presents the income statement by func- tion and uses a current/non-current classification for assets and liabilities in the statement of financial position. STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS The statement of cash flows is prepared using the indirect method with a breakdown of cash flows from or used in operating, investing and financing activities. Cash inflows or outflows related to taxes are reported as changes in other operating assets and liabilities as they are primarily settled through transactions with related parties as a result of the Ferrari Group Italian tax consolidation. Dividends re- ceived are included as part of operating activities. NEW STANDARDS AND AMENDMENTS Information relating to new standards and amend- ments effective from January 1, 2024 and those is- sued but not yet effective is provided in Note 2 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING STANDARDS INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES Investments in subsidiaries, which primarily relate to the Company’s investment in Ferrari S.p.A., are measured at cost, less impairment (if any). Dividend income from the Company’s subsidiaries is recog- nized in the income statement when the right to re- ceive payment is established.

[PAGE 410]
410 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F IMPAIRMENT OF INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES At each reporting date, the Company assesses whether there is an indication that investments in subsidiaries may be impaired. If any such indication exists, the Company makes an estimate of the as- set’s recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is defined as the higher of (i) the fair value of the in- vestment less costs of disposal and (ii) its value in use. Where the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered im- paired and is written down to its recoverable amount. Any resulting impairment is recognized in the income statement. An assessment is made at each reporting date as to whether there is any indication that previ- ously recognized impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an indication exists, the Company makes an estimate of the recov- erable amount. A previously recognized impairment loss is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the asset’s recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recog- nized. If that is the case, the carrying amount of the asset is increased to its recoverable amount, up to a maximum of the carrying amount that would have been determined if no impairment loss had been rec- ognized for the asset in prior periods. Such a reversal is recognized in the income statement. There was no impairment of investments in subsidiaries or rever- sals of impairment of investments for the periods presented in these Company Financial Statements. FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSACTIONS The financial statements are prepared in Euro, which is the Company’s functional and presentation currency. Transactions in foreign currencies are recorded at the exchange rate prevailing at the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are translated at the foreign currency exchange rate prevailing at that date. Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items or on report- ing monetary items at rates different from those at which they were initially recorded during the period or in previous financial statements are recognized in the income statement. FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION The Company has a branch in the United Kingdom (UK) that operates primarily in Pound Sterling. At each reporting period, the assets and liabilities with- in the UK branch are translated to Euro using the ex- change rate at the balance sheet date and the income statement is translated using the average exchange rate for the period. Translation differences resulting from the application of this method are classified as translation differences within other comprehensive income/(loss) and will only be reclassified to the in- come statement if the branch is disposed of. The principal foreign currency echange rates used to translate other currencies into Euro were as follows: 2024 2023 Average At December 31, Average At December 31, U.S. Dollar 1.0824 1.0389 1.0814 1.1050 Pound Sterling 0.8466 0.8292 0.8699 0.8691 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT Property, plant and equipment is recognized at cost net of accumulated depreciation and, if applicable, impairment. Depreciation is calculated on a straight line basis over the useful lives of the assets as follows: Asset Category Depreciation Rates Buildings 10% Office equipment 20% - 22% Other assets 20% - 25%

[TABLE] 1.0824 | 1.0389
[TABLE] 0.8466 | 0.8292

[PAGE 411]
411 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F LEASES The Company recognizes a right-of-use asset and a corresponding lease liability at the date at which the leased asset is available for use. Each lease payment is allocated between the principal liability and finance costs. Finance costs are charged to the income state- ment over the lease period using the effective interest rate method. The right-of-use asset is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term or the useful life of the asset. Right-of-use assets are measured at cost compris- ing the following: (i) the amount of the initial measure- ment of related lease liability, (ii) any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received, (iii) any initial direct costs and, if applicable, (iv) restoration costs. Payments associated with short-term leases and leases of low- value assets are recognized as an expense in the income statement on a straight-line basis. Lease liabilities are measured at the net present value of the following: (i) fixed lease payments, (ii) vari- able lease payments that are based on an index or a rate (if applicable), (iii) amounts expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees, and (iv) the exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option. Lease lia- bilities do not include any non-lease components that may be included in the related contracts. Lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be deter- mined, the Company’s incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the Company would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value in a similar economic environment with similar terms and conditions. In determining the lease term, management con- siders all facts and circumstances that create an eco- nomic incentive to exercise an extension option or not exercise a termination option. Extension options (or periods after termination options) are only included in the lease term if the lease is reasonably certain to be extended (or not terminated). TRADE RECEIVABLES Trade receivables are amounts due for goods sold or services provided in the ordinary course of business. Trade receivables are initially recognized at fair value and subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest rate method, less any provision for allowances. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, de- posits held at call with banks and other short-term, highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. There are no liens, pledges, col- lateral or restrictions on cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents do not include amounts in Ferrari Group cash management pools. DEBT Debt is measured at amortized cost using the effec- tive interest rate method. TRADE PAYABLES Trade payables primarily include amounts payable for services, legal and professional fees and other expens- es incurred. Trade payables are all due within one year. DEFERRED INCOME Deferred income relates to amounts received in ad- vance under certain agreements, primarily relating to marketing-related events hosted for third party deal- ers, which are reliant on the future performance of a service or other act of the Company. Deferred income is recognized as net revenues or other income when the Company has fulfilled its obligations under the terms of the various agreements. Deferred income is recorded on the statement of financial position within “other liabilities”. NET REVENUES Net revenues are primarily generated from market- ing-related events, such as new car launches and oth- er promotional events. Revenue is recognized when control over a product or service is transferred to the customer. Revenue is measured at the transaction price which is based on the amount of consideration that the Company expects to receive in exchange for transfer- ring the promised goods or services to the customer and excludes any sales incentives as well as taxes col- lected from customers that are remitted to government authorities. The transaction price includes estimates of variable consideration to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of revenue recognized will not oc- cur. The Company enters into contracts that may include both products and services, which are generally capa- ble of being distinct and accounted for as separate per- formance obligations where appropriate. The Company accounts for a contract with a customer when there is a legally enforceable contract between the Company and the customer, the rights of the parties are identified, the contract has commercial substance, and collectability of the contract consideration is probable. OTHER INCOME Other income primarily relates to services performed by the Company on behalf of its subsidiaries for certain corporate services rendered and other recharge fees. INCOME TAXES Current and deferred taxes are recognized as income tax benefit or income tax expense and are included in the income statement for the period, except tax aris- ing from a transaction or event which is recognized, in

[PAGE 412]
412 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F the same or a different period, either in other compre- hensive income/(loss) or directly in equity. Tax uncer- tainties are accounted for in accordance with IFRIC 23. DIVIDENDS Dividends payable by the Company are reported as a change in equity in the period in which they are ap- proved by the shareholders as applicable under local rules and regulations. Dividend income is recognized in the income statement when the right to receive payment is established. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION The Company has implemented equity incentive plans that provide for the granting of share-based compen- sation to the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer, all other members of the Ferrari Leadership Team and other key employees of the Group. The Company also provides share-based compensation as part of commercial agreements with certain suppliers. The share-based compensation arrangements are ac- counted for in accordance with IFRS 2 — Share-based Payments, which requires the Company to recog- nize share-based compensation expense based on fair value of awards granted. Compensation expense for the equity-settled awards containing market per- formance conditions is measured at the grant date fair value of the award using a Monte Carlo simula- tion model, which requires the input of subjective assumptions, including the expected volatility of the Company’s common stock, the dividend yield, interest rates and a correlation coefficient between the com- mon stock and the relevant market index. The fair val- ue of the awards which are conditional only on a recip- ient’s continued service to the Company is measured using the share price at the grant date adjusted for the present value of future distributions which employees will not receive during the vesting period. Pursuant to an agreement between the Company and various subsidiaries of the Group, the Company recharges subsidiaries for share-based compen- sation relating to equity instruments awarded to employees of the subsidiaries under the equity incentive plans. The Company’s portion of the share- based compensation expense relating to the equity incentive plans is recognized over the service period within selling, general and administrative costs or cost of sales in the income statement depending on the function of the employee with an offsetting increase to equity, whilst share-based compensa- tion recharged to the subsidiaries of the Group is recognized as a financial receivable (until payment is received) with an offsetting amount recorded as an increase to equity. Share-based compensation expense relating to commercial agreements with certain suppliers is rec- ognized over the period in which the supplier’s services are received and classified within the consolidated income statement depending on the function of the supplier’s services, with an offsetting increase to equity. SEGMENT REPORTING As disclosed in the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Group has determined that it has one operating and one reportable segment based on the informa- tion reviewed by its Chief Operating Decision Maker in making decisions regarding the allocation of resourc- es and to assess performance. USE OF ESTIMATES The Company Financial Statements are prepared in ac- cordance with EU IFRS Accounting Standards, which requires the use of estimates, judgments, and assump- tions that affect the carrying amount of assets and lia- bilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the amounts of income and expenses recognized. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on elements that are known when the financial statements are prepared, on historical experience and on any other factors that are considered to be relevant. The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed periodically and continuously by the Company. If the items subject to estimates do not perform as assumed, then the actual results could differ from the estimates, which would re- quire adjustment accordingly. The effects of any changes in estimate are recognized in the income statement in the period in which the adjustment is made, or prospective- ly in future periods. The estimates and assumptions that management considers most critical for the Company Financial Statements relate to investments in subsidiaries and in particular, relating to impairment indicators. See Note 9 “Investments in subsidiaries” for further details. For disclosures relating to climate-related mat- ters, see Note 2 “Material Accounting Policies—Use of estimates and judgments—Climate-related matters” to the Consolidated Financial Statements. (3) NET REVENUES AND OTHER INCOME Net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2024 amounted to €93 thousand and primarily related to mar- keting-related and other promotional events (€2,144 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2023). Other income for the year ended December 31, 2024 amounted to €26,017 thousand (€18,747 thou- sand for the year ended December 31, 2023) and pri- marily related to costs recharged to Ferrari S.p.A. for corporate services rendered and fees charged. (4) DIVIDEND INCOME Dividend income for the year ended December 31, 2024 amounted to €950,000 thousand and related entirely to a dividend from Ferrari S.p.A., approved in April 2024 and received in April and May 2024. Dividend income for the year ended December 31, 2023 amounted to €500,000 thousand and related entirely to a dividend from Ferrari S.p.A, approved in April 2023 and received in May 2023.

[PAGE 413]
413 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F (5) SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS Selling, general and administrative costs consisted of the following: For the years ended December 31, 2024 2023 (€ thousand) Personnel expenses 19,476 17,278 Insurance 15,305 14,662 Shared services provided by Ferrari S.p.A. 5,735 5,561 Legal and professional services 5,154 5,487 Other expenses 2,028 2,226 Total selling, general and administrative costs 47,698 45,214 Personnel expenses include costs related to the Group’s equity incentive plans (see Note 14 “Share- Based Compensation”) and other compensation for Directors and employees. Detailed information re- lating to the compensation of the Board of Directors and senior management is included in the “Corporate Governance” and “Remuneration of Directors” sec- tions to the Annual Report. At December 31, 2024 the Company had 25 full time equivalent employees, of which 17 in the UK branch and 8 in the Italian branch (at December 31, 2023 the Company had 25 full time equivalent employees, of which 16 in the UK branch and 9 in the Italian branch). All employees work outside of the Netherlands. Shared services provided by Ferrari S.p.A. mainly re- late to costs for human resources, payroll, tax, legal, accounting and treasury services. Legal and professional services mainly relate to expenses for legal, financial and other consulting ser- vices, as well as public company listing fees. (6) FINANCIAL EXPENSES AND FINANCIAL INCOME Financial expenses and financial income consisted of the following: For the years ended December 31, 2024 2023 (€ thousand) Financial income (4,132) (11,092) Interest expenses 143,835 125,088 of which interest on: Intercompany borrowings 107,306 98,143 Bonds and notes 24,870 17,889 Borrowings from banks 10,847 8,949 Leases 812 107 Other financial expenses 1,254 5,952 Financial expenses 145,089 131,040 Financial expenses, net 140,957 119,948 Financial income for 2023 primarily relates to gains of €7,940 thousand realized on the partial cash tender executed during the third quarter of 2023 on a bond due in 2025, as well as interest income on cash and cash equivalents

[TABLE] 19,476
[TABLE] 15,305
[TABLE] 5,735
[TABLE] 5,154
[TABLE] 2,028
[TABLE] 47,698
[TABLE] (4,132)
[TABLE] 143,835
[TABLE] 107,306
[TABLE] 24,870
[TABLE] 10,847
[TABLE] 812
[TABLE] 1,254
[TABLE] 145,089
[TABLE] 140,957

[PAGE 414]
414 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F (7) INCOME TAXES Income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 are summarized below: For the years ended December 31, 2024 2023 (€ thousand) Current income tax benefit 29,560 26,951 Deferred income tax (expense)/income (311) 1,860 Total income tax benefit 29,249 28,811 The table below provides a reconciliation between the theoretical income tax expense and the actual income tax benefit, calculated on the basis of the applicable corporate tax rate in effect in Italy, which was 24.0 percent for each of the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023: For the years ended December 31, 2024 2023 (€ thousand) Profit before tax 782,292 353,948 Theoretical income tax rate 24.0% 24.0% Theoretical income tax expense (187,750) (84,948) Tax effect on: Non-taxable dividends 216,600 114,000 Non-deductible costs 116 (117) Other permanent differences 283 (124) Total income tax benefit 29,249 28,811 The following table provides a summary of tax receivables and tax payables for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023: At December 31, 2024 2023 (€ thousand) Tax receivables 32,463 90,463 Tax payables 31,449 69,597 Net tax payables 1,014 20,866 Tax receivables of €32,463 thousand at December 31, 2024 (€90,463 thousand at December 31, 2023) primarily relate to amounts due from related parties for the Group tax consolidation in Italy. Tax payables of €31,449 thousand at December 31, 2024 (€69,597 thousand at December 31, 2023) primarily relate to amounts due to the tax authorities for the Group tax consolidation in Italy.

[TABLE] 29,560
[TABLE] (311)
[TABLE] 29,249
[TABLE] 782,292
[TABLE] 24.0%
[TABLE] (187,750)
[TABLE] 216,600
[TABLE] 116
[TABLE] 283
[TABLE] 29,249
[TABLE] 32,463
[TABLE] 31,449
[TABLE] 1,014

[PAGE 415]
415 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F The following table summarizes deferred tax assets at December 31, 2024 and 2023: At December 31, 2024 2023 (€ thousand) Deferred tax assets To be recovered after 12 months 709 767 To be recovered within 12 months 2,836 3,069 Total deferred tax assets 3,545 3,836 (8) PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT At December 31, 2024 2023 (€ thousand) Cost 30,580 6,100 Accumulated depreciation (6,906) (3,366) Total property, plant and equipment 23,674 2,734 of which right-of-use assets 23,367 2,469 Property, plant and equipment primarily includes right-of-use assets leased, which amounted to €23,367 thousand at December 31, 2024 (€2,469 thousand at December 31, 2023). The increase in 2024 primarily relates to a new directly operated Ferrari store in London, UK. For year ended December 31, 2024 2023 (€ thousand) Depreciation 3,309 703 of which Cost of sales 11 74 Selling, general and administrative costs 3,298 629 of which right-of-use assets 3,227 562 See Note 15 “Debt” for information related to the corresponding lease liabilities. There are no liens, pledges, collateral or restrictions on use over property, plant and equipment.

[TABLE] 709
[TABLE] 2,836
[TABLE] 3,545
[TABLE] 30,580
[TABLE] (6,906)
[TABLE] 23,674
[TABLE] 23,367
[TABLE] 3,309
[TABLE] 11
[TABLE] 3,298
[TABLE] 3,227

[PAGE 416]
416 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F (9) INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES Investment in subsidiaries amounted to €8,798,663 thousand at December 31, 2024 (€8,783,663 thou- sand at December 31, 2023), and included invest- ments in Ferrari S.p.A. amounting to €8,778,000 thou- sand (€8,778,000 thousand at December 31, 2023) and New Business 33 S.p.A. amounting to €20,663 thousand (€5,663 thousand at December 31, 2023). The increase in the investment in New Business 33 S.p.A. related to a capital increase by the Company. IMPAIRMENT TESTING At December 31, 2024, the market capitalization of Ferrari N.V. amounted to approximately €73.8 billion (€55.1 billion at December 31, 2023). Considering the share price of the Company at December 31, 2024 and at the date of authorization of the Company Financial Statements, no impairment indicators were identified. (10) TRADE RECEIVABLES, FINANCIAL RECEIVABLES AND OTHER CURRENT ASSETS At December 31, 2024 2023 (€ thousand) Trade receivables 17,263 23,040 Financial receivables 36,755 34,762 Other current assets 50,701 61,298 Total 104,719 119,100 TRADE RECEIVABLES The following table presents the split of trade receivables due from related parties and due from third parties: At December 31, 2024 2023 (€ thousand) Related parties 12,021 19,896 Third parties 5,242 3,144 Total 17,263 23,040 Trade receivables due from related parties primarily relate to corporate services rendered and fees recharged to subsidiaries of the Ferrari Group (mainly Ferrari S.p.A.) and trade receivables due from third parties primarily relate to marketing-related events and other services provided. The carrying amount of trade receivables is deemed to approximate their fair value. There are no significant overdue balances and no allowance for expected credit losses has been recorded for trade receivables.

[TABLE] 17,263
[TABLE] 36,755
[TABLE] 50,701
[TABLE] 104,719
[TABLE] 12,021
[TABLE] 5,242
[TABLE] 17,263

[PAGE 417]
417 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F The following table sets forth a breakdown of trade receivables by currency: At December 31, 2024 2023 (€ thousand) Trade receivables denominated in: Euro 3,271 18,474 Pound Sterling 13,992 4,566 Total 17,263 23,040 FINANCIAL RECEIVABLES At December 31, 2024, non-current financial re- ceivables of €36,755 thousand (€34,762 thousand at December 31, 2023) related to receivables from subsidiaries, mainly Ferrari S.p.A., and primarily for recharges of share-based compensation relating to equity instruments awarded to employees of the subsidiaries of the Group under the Group’s equity incentive plans and under the broad-based employee share ownership plan, pursuant to an intercompany agreement. The carrying amount of financial receiv- ables is considered to approximate their fair value. OTHER CURRENT ASSETS Other current assets of €50,701 thousand at December 31, 2024 (€61,298 thousand at December 31, 2023) primarily include VAT credits and to a less- er extent prepaid expenses. (11) FERRARI GROUP CASH MANAGEMENT POOLS Ferrari Group cash management pools relate to the Company’s participation in a group-wide cash management system that is managed centrally by Ferrari S.p.A. and amounted to a net liability of €7,823 thousand at December 31, 2024 (a net liability of €2,764 thousand at December 31, 2023). Amounts in cash management pools at December 31, 2024 and 2023 were entirely denominated in Pound Sterling. At December 31, 2023 Proceeds Repayments Translation differences At December 31, 2024 (€ thousand) Ferrari Group cash management pools - Liability 2,764 19,842 (14,888) 105 7,823 (12) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS Cash and cash equivalents amounted to €179,894 thousand at December 31, 2024 (€97,432 thou- sand at December 31, 2023) and were primarily denominated in Euro. The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents is deemed to be in line with their fair value. There was no restricted cash at December 31, 2024 and 2023. The Company’s cash and cash equivalents are held on bank and deposit accounts with primary financial institutions and highly rated money market funds. It is the Ferrari Group’s policy to continuously monitor counterparty risk and limit concentration of bank and deposit accounts to a maximum of 25% of the total with a single financial counterpart. With specific reference to money market funds, the invested amounts in any specific fund must not exceed 10% of the par value of such. The Company considers its credit risk with respect to its cash and cash equivalents to be low considering that they are held with primary financial institutions and the maxi- mum exposure with any one counterparty is limited. See Note 30 “Qualitative and quantitative informa- tion on financial risks” to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details.

[PAGE 418]
418 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F (13) EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL At December 31, 2024 and 2023 the fully paid up share capital of the Company was €2,573 thousand, consisting of 193,923,499 common shares and 63,349,112 special voting shares, all with a nominal value of €0.01. At December 31, 2024, the Company had 14,879,168 common shares and 16,239 special voting shares held in treasury, while at December 31, 2023, the Company had 13,505,409 common shares and 16,240 special voting shares held in treasury. Shares in treasury include shares repurchased un- der the Group’s share repurchase program, which are recorded based on the transaction trade date. The increase in common shares held in treasury primarily reflects the repurchase of shares by the Company through its share repurchase program, partially offset by shares assigned under the Group’s equity incentive plans. At December 31, 2024 and 2023 the Company held in treasury 5.79 percent and 5.26 percent of the total issued share capital of the Company, respectively.(1) The percentage of shares held in treasury com- pared to total issued share capital remains sub- stantially the same if calculated considering only common shares held in treasury or if calculated considering common shares and special voting shares held in treasury. The following table summarizes the changes in the number of outstanding common shares and outstanding special voting shares of the Company for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023: Common Shares Special Voting Shares Total Shares Outstanding shares at December 31, 2022 181,953,498 63,343,913 245,297,411 Common shares repurchased under share repurchase program(1) (1,630,171) — (1,630,171) Common shares assigned under equity incentive plans(2) 94,763 — 94,763 Other changes(3) — (11,041) (11,041) Outstanding shares at December 31, 2023 180,418,090 63,332,872 243,750,962 Common shares repurchased under share repurchase program(4) (1,440,264) — (1,440,264) Common shares assigned under equity incentive plans(5) 41,790 — 41,790 Other changes(6) 24,715 1 24,716 Outstanding shares at December 31, 2024 179,044,331 63,332,873 242,377,204 (3) Includes shares repurchased under the share repurchase program between January 1, 2023 and December 31, 2023 based on the transaction trade date, for a total consideration of €460,629 thousand, including transaction costs and Sell to Cover, as described below. (4) On March 15, 2023, 80,305 common shares, which were previously held in treasury, were assigned to participants of the equity incentive plans as a result of the vesting of certain performance share unit and retention restricted share unit awards. On the same day, the Company purchased 34,671 common shares, for a total consideration of €8,448 thousand, from a group of those employees who were assigned shares in order to cover the individual’s taxable income as is standard practice (“Sell to Cover”) in a cross transaction. On July 17, 2023, the Company assigned 49,129 common shares related to commercial agreements with certain suppliers and other shares awards. See Note 21 “Share-Based Compensation” for additional details relating to the Group’s equity incentive plans. (5) Relates to the deregistration of certain special voting shares under the Company’s special voting shares terms and conditions. (6) Includes shares repurchased under the share repurchase program between January 1, 2024 and December 31, 2024 based on the transaction trade date, for a total consideration of €581,084 thousand, including transaction costs and Sell to Cover, as described below. (7) On March 15, 2024, 76,979 common shares, which were previously held in treasury, were assigned to participants of the equity incentive plans as a result of the vesting of certain performance share unit and retention restricted share unit awards. On the same day, the Company purchased 35,189 common shares, for a total consideration of €13,548 thousand, from a group of those employees who were assigned shares in order to cover the individual’s taxable income as is standard practice (“Sell to Cover”) in a cross transaction. (8) In relation to common shares, refers to share awards vested under the broad-based employee share ownership plan.

[PAGE 419]
419 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F THE LOYALTY VOTING STRUCTURE The purpose of the loyalty voting structure is to re- ward ownership of the Company’s common shares and to promote stability of the Company’s share- holder base by granting long-term shareholders of the Company with special voting shares. Following the separation of Ferrari from the Stellantis Group (previously referred to as Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V. or FCA prior to the merger between FCA and Peugeot S.A. completed on January 16, 2021, which resulted in the creation of Stellantis N.V.) in 2016, Exor N.V. (“Exor”) and Piero Ferrari participate in the Company’s loyalty voting program and, therefore, effectively hold two votes for each of the common shares they hold. Investors who purchase common shares may elect to participate in the loyalty voting program by registering their common shares in the loyalty share register and holding them for three years. The loyalty voting program will be affected by means of the issue of special voting shares to eligi- ble holders of common shares. Each special voting share entitles the holder to exercise one vote at the Company’s shareholder meetings. Only a minimal dividend accrues to the special voting shares allo- cated to a separate special dividend reserve, and the special voting shares do not carry any entitlement to any other reserve of the Group. The special voting shares have only immaterial economic entitlements and, as a result, do not impact the Company’s earn- ings per share calculation. SHARE PREMIUM The share premium reserve amounted to €5,768,544 thousand at both December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023. RETAINED EARNINGS Following approval of the annual accounts by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting of the Shareholders on April 17, 2024, a dividend distribu- tion of €2.443 per outstanding common share was approved, corresponding to a total distribution of €439,918 thousand, which was fully paid in 2024. The distribution was made from the retained earn- ings reserve. Following approval of the annual accounts by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting of the Shareholders on April 14, 2023, a dividend dis- tribution of €1.810 per outstanding common share was approved, corresponding to a total distribution of €328,631 thousand, which was fully paid in 2023. The distribution was made from the retained earn- ings reserve. OTHER RESERVES Other reserves include, among others: • a treasury reserve of €2,285,756 thousand at December 31, 2024 and €1,704,673 thousand at December 31, 2023. • a share-based compensation reserve of €45,793 thousand at December 31, 2024 and €38,106 thousand at December 31, 2023. • a legal reserve of €110 thousand at December 31, 2024 and €46 thousand at December 31, 2023, determined in accordance with Dutch law. Pursuant to Dutch law, limitations exist relating to the distribution of shareholders’ equity up to at least the total amount of the legal reserve, as well as oth- er reserves mandated per the Company Articles of Association. At December 31, 2024, the legal and non-distributable reserves of the Company amount- ed to €110 thousand (€46 thousand at December 31, 2023) and included the following: The UK branch operates in Pound Sterling. At each reporting period end, the assets and liabilities within the UK branch are translated to Euro and the respective foreign currency translation gain or loss is recorded in other comprehensive income. At December 31, 2024, the cumulative translation reserve amounted to €104 thousand (€40 thousand at December 31, 2023). The Company records a statutory non-distribut- able reserve equal to 1 percent of the nominal value of the special voting shares. At December 31, 2024 this reserve amounted to €6 thousand (€6 thousand at December 31, 2023).

[PAGE 420]
420 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F RECONCILIATION OF EQUITY AND NET PROFIT The reconciliation of equity as per the Consolidated Financial Statements to equity as per the Company Financial Statements is provided below: At December 31, 2024 2023 (€ thousand) Equity attributable to owners of the parent in the Consolidated Financial Statements of Ferrari N.V. 3,533,946 3,060,888 Intra-group restructuring 5,969,427 5,969,427 Difference in OCI reserves (13,039) (64,868) Cumulative results of prior years of subsidiaries in the Consolidated Financial Statements (6,443,480) (5,074,191) Results of subsidiaries in the Consolidated Financial Statements (1,660,336) (1,369,289) Cumulative dividends in prior years 2,416,700 1,916,700 Other changes (2,704) (2,709) Dividends 950,000 500,000 Equity in the Company Financial Statements of Ferrari N.V 4,750,514 4,935,958 The reconciliation of net profit as per the Consolidated Financial Statements to net profit as per the Company Financial Statements is provided below: At December 31, 2024 2023 (€ thousand) Net profit attributable to owners of the parent in the Consolidated Financial Statements of Ferrari N.V. 1,521,877 1,252,048 Results of subsidiaries in the Consolidated Financial Statements (1,660,336) (1,369,289) Dividends 950,000 500,000 Net profit in the Company Financial Statements of Ferrari N.V. 811,541 382,759 (14) SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION EQUITY INCENTIVE PLANS The Group has several equity incentive plans under which a combination of performance share units (“PSUs”) and retention restricted share units (“RSUs”), which each represent the right to receive one Ferrari common share, have been awarded to the Executive Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”), mem- bers of the Ferrari Leadership Team (hereinafter also the “FLT”) and other key employees of the Group. EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 2021-2023 In the first quarter of 2024, 41,338 2021-2023 PSU awards vested (representing 122 percent of the target PSU awards) as a result of the achievement of the related performance conditions and 29,550 2021-2023 RSU awards vested upon achievement of the related service conditions As a result, 70,888 common shares, which were previously held in trea- sury, were assigned to participants of the plan in the first quarter of 2024. There are no further awards outstanding for the Equity Incentive Plan 2021-2023. EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 2022-2024 Under the Equity Incentive Plan 2022-2024 ap- proved in 2022, the Company awarded approxi- mately 72 thousand 2022-2024 PSUs to the Executive

[TABLE] 3,533,946
[TABLE] 5,969,427
[TABLE] (13,039)
[TABLE] (6,443,480)
[TABLE] (1,660,336)
[TABLE] 2,416,700
[TABLE] (2,704)
[TABLE] 950,000
[TABLE] 4,750,514
[TABLE] 1,521,877
[TABLE] (1,660,336)
[TABLE] 950,000
[TABLE] 811,541

[PAGE 421]
421 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F Chairman, the CEO, the remaining members of the FLT and other employees of the Group, and approx- imately 26 thousand 2022-2024 RSUs to members of the FLT and other employees of the Group. These PSUs and RSUs cover the three-year performance and service periods from 2022 to 2024. 2022-2024 PSU AWARDS The vesting of the awards is based on the achieve- ment of defined key performance indicators as follows: • TSR Target - 40 percent of the awards vest based on the achievement of the TSR ranking of Ferrari compared to an industry specific Peer Group of eleven companies; • EBITDA Target - 40 percent of the awards vest based on the achievement of an EBITDA target determined by comparing Adjusted EBITDA to the Adjusted EBITDA targets derived from the Group’s business plan; • ESG Target - 20 percent of the awards vest based on the achievement of defined objectives relating to environmental and social factors. In particular, 50 percent of the ESG Target is based on the reduction of CO2 carbon emissions and 50 percent is based on the maintenance of the equal salary certification. Each target is settled independently of the other targets. In March 2025, 91,414 2022-2024 PSU awards are expected to vest (representing approximately 149 percent of the target PSU awards that remained outstanding at the time of vesting) as a result of the achievement of the related performance conditions (described above) and an equal number of common shares held in treasury will be assigned to partici- pants of the plan, following which there will be no further 2022-2024 PSU awards outstanding. 2022-2024 RSU AWARDS In March 2025, 21,437 2022-2024 RSU awards are ex- pected to vest as a result of the achievement of the related service condition, which is the recipient’s continued employment with the Company at the time of vesting, and an equal number of common shares held in treasury will be assigned to partici- pants of the plan, following which there will be no further 2022-2024 RSU awards outstanding. EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 2023-2025 Under the Equity Incentive Plan 2023-2025 approved in 2023, the Company awarded approximate- ly 58 thousand 2023-2025 PSUs to the Executive Chairman, the CEO, the remaining members of the FLT and other employees of the Group, and approx- imately 22 thousand 2023-2025 RSUs to members of the FLT and other employees of the Group. These PSUs and RSUs cover the three-year performance and service periods from 2023 to 2025. 2023-2025 PSU AWARDS The vesting of the awards is based on the achieve- ment of defined key performance indicators as follows: • TSR Target - 40 percent of the awards vest based on the achievement of the TSR ranking of Ferrari compared to an industry specific Peer Group of eleven companies; • EBITDA Target - 40 percent of the awards vest based on the achievement of an EBITDA target determined by comparing Adjusted EBITDA to the Adjusted EBITDA targets derived from the Group’s business plan; • ESG Target - 20 percent of the awards vest based on the achievement of defined objectives relating to environmental and social factors. In particular, 50 percent of the ESG Target is based on the reduction of CO2 carbon emissions and 50 percent is based on the maintenance of the equal salary certification. Each target is settled independently of the other tar- gets. The awards vest in 2026 and the total number of shares assigned upon vesting depends on the lev- el of achievement of the targets. 2023-2025 RSU AWARDS The awards vest in 2026, subject to the recipient’s continued employment with the Company at the time of vesting. EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 2024-2026 Under a new Equity Incentive Plan 2024-2026 ap- proved in 2024, the Company awarded approxi- mately 41 thousand 2024-2026 PSUs to the Executive Chairman, CEO, members of the FLT and other em- ployees of the Group, and approximately 15 thou- sand 2024-2026 RSUs to members of the FLT and other employees of the Group. The 2024-2026 PSUs and 2024-2026 RSUs cover the three-year perfor- mance and service periods from 2024 to 2026. 2024-2026 PSU AWARDS The vesting of the awards is based on the achieve- ment of defined key performance indicators as follows: • TSR Target - 40 percent of the awards vest based on the achievement of the TSR ranking of Ferrari compared to an industry specific Peer Group of eleven companies; • EBITDA Target - 40 percent of the awards vest based on the achievement of an EBITDA target determined by comparing Adjusted EBITDA to

[PAGE 422]
422 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F the Adjusted EBITDA targets derived from the Group’s business plan; • ESG Target - 20 percent of the awards vest based on the achievement of defined objectives relating to environmental and social factors. In particular, 50 percent of the ESG Target is based on the reduction of CO2 carbon emissions and 50 percent is based on the maintenance of the equal salary certification. Each target is settled independently of the other tar- gets. The awards vest in 2027 and the total number of shares assigned upon vesting depends on the lev- el of achievement of the targets. 2024-2026 RSU AWARDS The awards vest in 2027, subject to the recipient’s continued employment with the Company at the time of vesting. Supplemental information relating to the Equity Incentive Plan 2024-2026 is summarized below. TSR TARGET The number of 2024-2026 PSUs with a TSR Target that vest under the Equity Incentive Plan 2024-2026 is based on the Company’s TSR performance over the relevant performance period compared to an industry-specific peer group as summarized below. Ferrari TSR Ranking % of Target Awards that Vest 1 175% 2 150% 3 125% 4 100% 5 75% 6 50% >6 0% The defined peer group (including the Company) for the TSR Target is presented below. Ferrari Aston Martin Burberry Estee Lauder Hermes Kering LVMH Mercedes Benz Group AG Moncler Prada Richemont EBITDA TARGET The number of 2024-2026 PSUs with an EBITDA Target that vest under the Equity Incentive Plan 2024-2026 is determined by comparing Adjusted EBITDA to the Adjusted EBITDA targets derived from the Group’s business plan, as summarized below. Actual Adjusted EBITDA Compared to Business Plan % of Awards that Vest +15% 175% +10% 150% +5% 125% Business Plan Target 100% -5% 75% <-5% —%

[PAGE 423]
423 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F FAIR VALUES AND KEY ASSUMPTIONS The fair value of the PSUs and RSUs that were awarded under the Equity Incentive Plan 2024-2026, which is determined based on actuarial calculations that apply certain assumptions and take into consideration the specific characteristics of the awards granted, is summarized in the following table. Equity Incentive Plan 2024-2026 PSUs €386.05 RSUs €383.40 The fair value of the 2024-2026 PSU awards was measured at the grant date using a Monte Carlo Simulation model. The fair value of the 2024- 2026 RSU awards was measured using the share price at the grant date adjusted for the present value of future distributions which the recipients will not receive during the vesting period. The key assumptions utilized to calculate the grant-date fair values of the PSUs that were awarded under the Equity Incentive Plan 2024-2026 are summarized below: Equity Incentive Plan 2024-2026 Grant date share price €390.50 Expected volatility 26.34% Dividend yield 0.61% Risk-free rate 3.00% The expected volatility was based on the observed volatility of the defined peer group. The risk-free rate was based on the iBoxx sovereign Eurozone yield. BROAD-BASED EMPLOYEE SHARE OWNERSHIP PLAN In November 2023 the Company announced that it would launch a broad-based employee share own- ership plan under which each employee will be given the option to become a shareholder of the Company, receiving a one-off grant of shares worth up to a maximum of approximately €2 thousand. If the em- ployee holds the shares for at least 36 months, the Company will grant them an additional tranche of shares, from a minimum of one share and up to 15 percent of the value of the first allocation. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company rec- ognized €10,222 thousand as share-based compen- sation expense and an increase to other reserves within equity in relation to the shares awarded un- der the broad-based employee share ownership plan. In 2024, 24,715 share awards vested and the Company granted an additional 2,796 share awards that are expected to vest in 2025. OTHER SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION During 2022, the Company awarded 15,271 share awards, which each represent the right to receive one Ferrari common share, to certain employees, of which 6,643 share awards vested immediately at the grant date. In 2023 6,838 share awards vested, while 1,309 and 279 share awards were forfeited in 2023 and 2024, respectively. The fair value of the awards was equal to €203 per award, measured using the share price at the grant date adjusted for the pres- ent value of future distributions which the recipients will not receive during the vesting period. The Company also provides share-based pay- ments for services received as part of commercial agreements with certain suppliers.

[PAGE 424]
424 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F OUTSTANDING SHARE AWARDS The following table presents the changes to the outstanding share awards under the Group’s share-based payment arrangements: PSU Awards RSU Awards Other Awards Total Outstanding Awards Balance at December 31, 2022 140,205 87,189 57,405 284,799 Granted 58,381 21,939 63,217 143,537 Vested (36,090) (32,339) (55,614) (124,043) Forfeited (8,117) (3,544) (1,309) (12,970) Balance at December 31, 2023 154,379 73,245 63,699 291,323 Granted 40,885 15,401 2,796 59,082 Vested (33,924) (29,550) (24,715) (88,189) Forfeited and other (3,961) (2,241) (7,102) (13,304) Balance at December 31, 2024 157,379 56,855 34,678 248,912 SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION EXPENSE The following table presents the share based compensation expense recognized for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, as well as the unrecognized share-based compensation at December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022. For the years ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (€ thousand) Equity incentive plans and other share-based awards 18,280 15,154 16,172 Commercial agreements with suppliers 4,813 4,563 4,688 Broad-based employee share ownership plan 875 10,222 — Total share-based compensation expense 23,968 29,939 20,860 At December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (€ thousand) Unrecognized share-based compensation expense 20,699 12,954 16,069 For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the Group recognized €18,280 thousand, €15,154 thousand and €16,172 thousand, respectively, as share-based compensation expense and an increase to other reserves in equity in relation to the PSU awards and RSU awards of the Group’s equity incentive plans and other share-based awards to the Group’s em- ployees. In 2024, 2023 and 2022 the Group recognized share-based compensation expense of €4,813 thou- sand, €4,563 thousand and €4,688 thousand, respec- tively, as part of commercial agreements with certain suppliers. For the year ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Group also recognized €875 thousand and €10,222 thousand as share-based compensation ex- pense in relation to the broad-based share ownership plan announced in November 2023. Pursuant to an agreement between the Company and various subsidiaries of the Group, the Company recharges subsidiaries for share- based compensation relating to equity instruments awarded to employees or suppliers of the subsidiar- ies under the equity incentive plans or other share- based payments. Of the share-based compensation recognized in 2024, €4,979 thousand was recog- nized as an expense in cost of sales and selling, gen- eral and administrative costs, and €18,990 thousand was recorded as financial receivables in relation to share-based compensation recharged to subsidiar- ies (€3,862 thousand and €26,077 thousand respec- tively for the year ended December 31, 2023).

[TABLE] 18,280
[TABLE] 4,813
[TABLE] 875
[TABLE] 23,968

[PAGE 425]
425 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F (15) DEBT The following table provides a breakdown of debt by nature and split between current and non-current. At December 31, 2024 2023 Current Non- current Total Current Non- current Total (€ thousand) Financial liabilities with related parties 2,526,514 — 2,526,514 2,934,848 — 2,934,848 Bonds and notes 459,056 953,917 1,412,973 — 903,673 903,673 Borrowings from banks and other financial institutions 80,604 270,833 351,437 81,097 124,167 205,264 Lease liabilities 1,905 24,429 26,334 801 1,732 2,533 Total debt 3,068,079 1,249,179 4,317,258 3,016,746 1,029,572 4,046,318 The following tables present the change in debt, indicating separately financing cash flows and other movements. Financing cash flows At December 31, 2023 Proceeds from borrowings Repayments of borrowings Interest accrued/ (paid) and other 1 At December 31, 2024 (€ thousand) Financial liabilities with related parties 2,934,848 2,900,000 (3,300,000) (8,334) 2,526,514 Bonds and notes 903,673 496,145 — 13,155 1,412,973 Borrowings from banks and other financial institutions 205,264 225,000 (78,333) (494) 351,437 Lease liabilities 2,533 — (509) 24,310 26,334 Total 4,046,318 3,621,145 (3,378,842) 28,637 4,317,258 Financing cash flows At December 31, 2022 Proceeds from borrowings Repayments of borrowings Interest accrued/ (paid) and other 1,2 At December 31, 2023 (€ thousand) Financial liabilities with related parties 2,159,120 2,900,000 (2,159,120) 34,848 2,934,848 Bonds and notes 1,490,319 — (575,702) (10,944) 903,673 Borrowings from banks and other financial institutions — 250,000 (47,500) 2,764 205,264 Lease liabilities 1,695 — (672) 1,510 2,533 Total 3,651,134 3,150,000 (2,782,994) 28,178 4,046,318 (1) Other changes in lease liabilities relate entirely to non-cash movements for the recognition of additional lease liabilities in accordance with IFRS 16. (2) Includes gains of €7,940 thousand realized on the partial cash tender executed during the third quarter of 2023 on a bond due in 2025.

[TABLE] 2,526,514 | — | 2,526,514
[TABLE] 459,056 | 953,917 | 1,412,973
[TABLE] 80,604 | 270,833 | 351,437
[TABLE] 1,905 | 24,429 | 26,334
[TABLE] 3,068,079 | 1,249,179 | 4,317,258
[TABLE] 2,526,514
[TABLE] 1,412,973
[TABLE] 351,437
[TABLE] 26,334
[TABLE] 4,317,258

[PAGE 426]
426 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F CONTRACTUAL UNDISCOUNTED CASH FLOWS The following tables present the contractual maturities (contractual undiscounted cash flows, including interest) of the Company’s debt based on relevant maturity groupings. Contractual cash flows at December 31, 2024 Less than 1 year Between 1 and 2 years Between 2 and 5 years Over 5 years Total contractual cash flows As reported at December 31, 2024 (*) (€ thousand) Financial liabilities with related parties 2,571,947 — — — 2,571,947 2,526,514 Bonds and notes 480,802 23,075 218,525 812,804 1,535,206 1,412,973 Borrowings from banks and other financial institutions 89,414 53,683 234,312 — 377,409 351,437 Lease liabilities 2,364 3,635 10,697 13,709 30,405 26,334 Total debt 3,144,527 80,393 463,534 826,513 4,514,967 4,317,258 Contractual cash flows at December 31, 2023 Less than 1 year Between 1 and 2 years Between 2 and 5 years Over 5 years Total contractual cash flows As reported at December 31, 2023 (*) (€ thousand) Financial liabilities with related parties 3,006,742 — — — 3,006,742 2,934,848 Bonds and notes 11,714 458,619 14,850 460,106 945,289 903,673 Borrowings from banks and other financial institutions 86,780 83,047 46,813 — 216,640 205,264 Lease liabilities 886 804 587 425 2,702 2,533 Total debt 3,106,122 542,470 62,250 460,531 4,171,373 4,046,318 (*) As reported in the consolidated statement of financial position FINANCIAL LIABILITIES WITH RELATED PARTIES Financial liabilities with related parties at December 31, 2024 are broken down as follows: Counterparty Currency Total amount outstanding at December 31, 2024 Due date Interest Rate (€ thousand) Ferrari S.p.A. Euro 509,205 January 2025(*) EURIBOR + 31bps Ferrari S.p.A. Euro 505,313 March 2025 EURIBOR + 31bps Ferrari S.p.A. Euro 509,952 July 2025 EURIBOR + 45bps Ferrari S.p.A. Euro 501,441 November 2025 EURIBOR + 45bps Ferrari S.p.A. Euro 500,603 December 2025 EURIBOR + 45bps Total 2,526,514 (*) The financial liabilities due in January 2025 were refinanced with Ferrari S.p.A. for € 500 million due in January 2026 at the EURIBOR plus spread of 45 basis point.

[TABLE] 2,526,514
[TABLE] 1,412,973
[TABLE] 351,437
[TABLE] 26,334
[TABLE] 4,317,258
[TABLE] 509,205
[TABLE] 505,313
[TABLE] 509,952
[TABLE] 501,441
[TABLE] 500,603
[TABLE] 2,526,514

[PAGE 427]
427 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F Financial liabilities with related parties at December 31, 2023 are broken down as follows: Counterparty Currency Total amount outstanding at December 31, 2023 Due date Interest Rate (€ thousand) Ferrari S.p.A. Euro 510,596 January 2024(*) EURIBOR + 60bps Ferrari S.p.A. Euro 506,915 March 2024 EURIBOR + 60bps Ferrari S.p.A. Euro 357,689 July 2024 EURIBOR + 60bps Ferrari S.p.A. Euro 70,988 July 2024 EURIBOR + 60bps Ferrari S.p.A. Euro 806,079 October 2024 EURIBOR + 31bps Ferrari S.p.A. Euro 80,489 July 2024 EURIBOR + 60bps Ferrari S.p.A. Euro 501,927 November 2024 EURIBOR + 31bps Ferrari S.p.A. Euro 100,165 December 2024 EURIBOR + 31bps Total 2,934,848 (*) The financial liabilities due in January 2024 were refinanced with Ferrari S.p.A. for €500 million due in January 2025 at the EURIBOR plus a spread of 31 basis point. During 2024, certain debt agreements with Ferrari S.p.A. were renewed. Proceeds from financial liabil- ities with related parties amounted to €2,900,000 thousand in 2024 (€2,900,000 thousand in 2023). Repayments of financial liabilities with related par- ties amounted to €3,300,000 thousand in 2024 (€2,159,120 thousand in 2023). At December 31, 2024 a 25 basis point increase in interest rates on the floating rate financial liabili- ties, with all other variables held constant, would have resulted in a decrease in profit before tax of €6,364 thousand on an annualized basis (a decrease in profit before tax of €7,843 thousand at December 31, 2023 for an increase of 25 basis points). The carrying amount of the financial liabili- ties with related parties approximates fair value. Information on covenants of the notes, fair value measurement and qualitative and quantitative infor- mation on financial risks are provided in Note 24, Note 27 and Note 30, respectively, to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Further information on the Group’s liquidity is provided in the “Liquidity and Capital Resources” section of this Annual Report. Based on this information the Company deems the going concern assumption adequate. BONDS AND NOTES 2025 BOND On May 27, 2020 the Company issued 1.5 percent coupon notes due May 2025 (“2025 Bond”), having a principal of €650 million. The notes were issued at a discount for an issue price of 98.898 percent, resulting in net proceeds of €640,073 thousand, after related expenses, and a yield to maturity of 1.732 percent. The bond was admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. Following a cash tender offer, in July 2023, the Group accepted for purchase valid tenders of the 2025 Bond for an aggregate nominal amount of €199,037 thousand and at a purchase price of €191,097 thousand, result- ing in gains of €7,940 thousand, which were recog- nized within financial income. The repurchases were settled in July 2023. The amount outstanding of the 2025 Bond at December 31, 2024 was €454,449 thou- sand, including accrued interest of €4,059 thousand (€453,027 thousand, including accrued interest of €4,097 thousand at December 31, 2023). 2030 BOND On May 21, 2024, the Company issued 3.625 percent senior notes due May 2030 (“2030 Bond”) having a principal of €500 million. The notes were issued at a discount for an issue price of 99.677 percent, re- sulting in net proceeds of €496,145 thousand, after related expenses, and a yield to maturity of 3.686 percent. The bond was admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. The pro- ceeds from the 2030 Bond are intended to be used for general corporate purposes. The amount out- standing of the 2030 Bond December 31, 2024 was €507,678 thousand, including accrued interest of €11,173 thousand. 2029 AND 2031 NOTES On July 31, 2019, the Company issued 1.12 percent senior notes due August 2029 (“2029 Notes”) and 1.27 percent senior notes due August 2031 (“2031 Notes”) through a private placement to certain U.S. institutional investors, each having a principal of €150 million. The net proceeds from the issuances amounted to €298,316 thousand and the yields to maturity on an annual basis equal the nominal cou-

[PAGE 429]
429 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F pon rates of the notes. The 2029 Notes and the 2031 Notes are primarily used for general corporate pur- poses, including the funding of capital expenditures. The amount outstanding of the 2029 Notes at December 31, 2024 was €150,302 thousand, including accrued interest of €700 thousand (€150,218 thou- sand, including accrued interest of €700 thousand at December 31, 2023). The amount outstanding of the 2031 Notes at December 31, 2024 was €150,315 thou- sand, including accrued interest of €794 thousand (€150,246 thousand including accrued interest of €794 thousand at December 31, 2023). 2032 NOTES On July 29, 2021, the Company issued 0.91 per- cent senior notes due January 2032 (“2032 Notes”) through a private placement to certain U.S. institu- tional investors having a principal of €150 million. The net proceeds from the issuance amounted to €149,495 thousand and the yield to maturity on an annual basis equals the nominal coupon rates of the notes. The 2032 Notes are used for general corpo- rate purposes. The amount outstanding of the 2032 Notes at December 31, 2024 was €150,229 thou- sand, including accrued interest of €576 thousand (€150,182 thousand, including accrued interest of €587 thousand at December 31, 2023). The aforementioned bonds and notes impose covenants on Ferrari including: (i) negative pledge clauses which require that, in case any security interest upon assets of Ferrari is granted in connec- tion with other notes or debt securities with the con- sent of Ferrari are, or are intended to be, listed, such security should be equally and ratably extended to the outstanding notes, subject to certain permitted exceptions; (ii) pari passu clauses, under which the notes rank and will rank pari passu with all other present and future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of Ferrari; (iii) events of default for failure to pay principal or interest or comply with other obli- gations under the notes with specified cure periods or in the event of a payment default or acceleration of indebtedness or in the case of certain bankruptcy events; and (iv) other clauses that are customarily applicable to debt securities of issuers with a sim- ilar credit standing. A breach of these covenants may require the early repayment of the notes. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, Ferrari was in compli- ance with the covenants of the bonds and notes. BORROWING FROM BANK AND OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTION Amount Outstanding at December 31, Borrowing Entity Currency 2024 2023 Maturity Date (€ thousand) Ferrari NV (1) EUR 84,115 130,224 January 2026 Ferrari NV (1) EUR 75,497 — January 2027 Ferrari NV (1) EUR 41,682 75,040 March 2026 Ferrari NV (1) EUR 150,143 — December 2028 Total borrowings from banks and other financial institutions 351,437 205,264 (3) Term loans bearing an average interest rate of 3.441 percent as of December 31, 2024. LEASE LIABILITIES At December 31, 2024 lease liabilities amounted to €26,334 thousand (€2,533 thousand at December 31, 2023). COMMITTED CREDIT LINES At December 31, 2024, the Group had total commit- ted credit lines available and undrawn amounting to €550 million and with maturities ranging from 2025 to 2026 (€600 million at December 31, 2023).

[PAGE 430]
430 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F (16) TRADE PAYABLES At December 31, 2024 2023 (€ thousand) Payables due to related parties 641 475 Payables due to third parties 2,283 1,268 Total trade payables 2,924 1,743 Payables due to related parties primarily relate to amounts payable to Ferrari S.p.A. for corporate services rendered and costs recharged. Payables due to third parties primarily relate to costs for marketing- related events and legal and professional services. The following sets for a breakdown of trade payables by currency: At December 31, 2024 2023 (€ thousand) Euro 621 982 Pound Sterling 2,303 761 Total trade payables 2,924 1,743 Trade payables are due within one year and their carrying amount at the reporting date is deemed to approximate their fair value. (17) OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES Other current liabilities amounted to €26,802 thousand at December 31, 2024 (€35,051 thou- sand at December 31, 2023) and primarily relate to indirect tax payables, payables to personnel and dividends. (18) EARNINGS PER SHARE Earnings per share information is provided in Note 12 “Earnings per share” to the Consolidated Financial Statements. (19) NOTE TO THE STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS OPERATING ACTIVITIES Other non-cash income and expenses for 2024 and 2023 primarily relate to share-based compensation expense and for 2023 also to gains of €7,940 thousand realized on the partial cash tender executed during the third quarter of 2023 on a bond due in 2025.

[TABLE] 641
[TABLE] 2,283
[TABLE] 2,924
[TABLE] 621
[TABLE] 2,303
[TABLE] 2,924

[PAGE 431]
431 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F (20) AUDIT FEES The fees for services provided by the Company’s independent auditors, Deloitte Accountants B.V., and its member firms and/or affiliates, to the Company and its subsidiaries are broken down as follows: At December 31, 2024 2023 (€ thousand) Audit fees 1,330 1,254 Tax fees 2 9 Audit-related fees 315 265 All other fees 549 60 Total 2,196 1,588 In 2024, audit fees and audit-related fees of Deloitte Accountants B.V. (excluding its member firms and/or affiliates) amounted to €88 thousand and €295 thousand, respectively, and are included in the table above. In 2023, audit fees and audit-related fees of Deloitte Accountants B.V. (excluding its member firms and/or affiliates) amounted to €88 thousand and €50 thousand, respectively, and are included in the table above. (21) REMUNERATION Detailed information on the remuneration of the Board of Directors and senior management is includ- ed in the “Corporate Governance” and “Remuneration of Directors” sections to the Annual Report. (22) COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company pro- vided guarantees over certain debt of its subsidiary Ferrari Financial Services Inc. The book value of the related debt at December 31, 2024 and 2023 was €63,181 thousand and €73,153 thousand, respectively. For intercompany financial guarantees issued by the Company there is no significant expected default and therefore the financial guarantees are not recognized. (23) RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Pursuant to IAS 24, the related parties with which the Company has transactions are Ferrari S.p.A. and other companies within the Ferrari Group. The Group carries out transactions with related parties on commercial terms that are normal in their re- spective markets, considering the characteristics of the goods or services involved. Related party transactions include: • Dividends received from Ferrari S.p.A. (Note 4); • Corporate services and recharge of expenses to Ferrari S.p.A. (Note 3); • Share services received from Ferrari S.p.A. mainly related to human resources, payroll, tax, legal, accounting and treasury. (Note 5); • Participation in a Ferrari Group-wide cash man- agement system where the operating cash man- agement, main funding operations and liquidity investment of the Ferrari Group are centrally coordinated by Ferrari S.p.A. Amounts recorded as Ferrari Group cash management pools rep- resented the Company’s participation in such pools. (Note 11); • Financial liabilities and receivables with Ferrari S.p.A. or other subsidiaries of the Group. (Note 15 and Note 16); • Key management compensation. (Note 21). The impact of transactions with related parties on the Company Financial Statements is disclosed sep- arately in the relevant notes.

[TABLE] 1,330
[TABLE] 2
[TABLE] 315
[TABLE] 549
[TABLE] 2,196

[PAGE 432]
432 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F (24) ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE The following table sets forth the Company’s subsidiaries and associates at December 31, 2024. Name Country Nature of business Shares held by the Group Subsidiaries directly held Ferrari S.p.A. Italy Engineering, manufacturing and sales 100% New Business 33 S.p.A. (1) Italy Engineering, manufacturing and sales 100% Subsidiaries indirectly held through Ferrari S.p.A. Ferrari North America, Inc. USA Importer and distributor 100% Ferrari Japan KK Japan Importer and distributor 100% Ferrari Australasia Pty Limited Australia Importer and distributor 100% Ferrari International Cars Trading (Shanghai) Co. L.t.d. China Importer and distributor 80% Ferrari (HK) Limited Hong Kong Importer and distributor 100% Ferrari Far East Pte Limited Singapore Service company 100% Ferrari Management Consulting (Shanghai) Co. L.t.d. China Service company 100% Ferrari South West Europe S.a.r.l. France Service company 100% Ferrari Central Europe GmbH Germany Service company 100% G.S.A. S.A. in liquidation Switzerland Service company 100% Mugello Circuit S.p.A. Italy Racetrack management 100% Ferrari Financial Services, Inc. USA Financial services 100% Subsidiaries indirectly held through other Group entities Ferrari Auto Securitization Transaction, LLC (2) USA Financial services 100% Ferrari Auto Securitization Transaction - Lease, LLC(2) USA Financial services 100% Ferrari Auto Securitization Transaction - Select, LLC(2) USA Financial services 100% Ferrari Financial Services Titling Trust(2) USA Financial services 100% Ferrari Lifestyle North America, Inc.(3)(4) USA Retail 100% Associates directly held Fondazione Casa di Enzo Ferrari Italy Service company 20% Branches UK branch UK Sales and after sales support (1) With effectiveness as of January 1, 2025, New Business 33 S.p.A. was merged by incorporation into Ferrari S.p.A. Shareholding held by Ferrari Financial Services, Inc. within the context of securitization transactions for receivables generated by the Group’s financial services activities in the United States. SHAREHOLDING HELD BY FERRARI NORTH AMERICA, INC. Effective as of January 12, 2024, the company changed its name from 410 Park Display, Inc to Ferrari Lifestyle North America, Inc.

[PAGE 433]
433 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F (25) SUBSEQUENT EVENTS The Company has evaluated subsequent events through February 20, 2025, which is the date the Company Financial Statements were authorized for issuance, and identified the following matters: Under the common share repurchase pro- gram, from January 1, 2025 to February 14, 2025 the Company purchased an additional 188,303 com- mon shares for total consideration of €78.2 million. At February 14, 2025, the Company held in treasury an aggregate of 15,067,471 common shares. On February 20, 2025, the Board of Directors of Ferrari N.V. recommended to the Company’s share- holders that the Company declare a dividend of €2.986 per common share, totaling approximately €534 million. The proposal is subject to the approval of the Company’s shareholders at the Annual General Meeting to be held on April 16, 2025. February 20, 2025 [Board of Directors] John Elkann Piero Ferrari Benedetto Vigna Delphine Arnault Francesca Bellettini Eddy Cue Sergio Duca John Galantic Maria Patrizia Grieco Adam Keswick Mike Volpi

[PAGE 438]
OTHER INFORMATION FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 438

[PAGE 439]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F OTHER INFORMATION 439 OTHER INFORMATION ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR NETHERLANDS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT The report of the Company’s independent auditor, Deloitte Accountants B.V., the Netherlands, is set forth at the end of this Annual Report. DIVIDENDS Dividends will be determined in accordance with ar- ticle 23 of the Articles of Association of Ferrari N.V. The relevant provisions of the Articles of Association read as follows: 1. The Company shall maintain a special capital re- serve to be credited against the share premium exclusively for the purpose of facilitating any is- suance or cancellation of special voting shares. The special voting shares shall not carry any entitlement to the balance of the special capi- tal reserve. The Board of Directors shall be au- thorized to resolve upon (i) any distribution out of the special capital reserve to pay up special voting shares or (ii) re-allocation of amounts to credit or debit the special capital reserve against or in favor of the share premium reserve. 2. The Company shall maintain a separate dividend reserve for the special voting shares. The special voting shares shall not carry any entitlement to any other reserve of the Company. Any distribu- tion out of the special voting rights dividend re- serve or the partial or full release of such reserve will require a prior proposal from the Board of Directors and a subsequent resolution of the meeting of holders of special voting shares. 3. From the profits, shown in the annual accounts, as adopted, such amounts shall be reserved as the Board of Directors may determine. 4. The profits remaining thereafter shall first be applied to allocate and add to the special voting shares dividend reserve an amount equal to one percent (1%) of the aggregate nominal value of all outstanding special voting shares. The calcu- lation of the amount to be allocated and added to the special voting shares dividend reserve shall occur on a time-proportionate basis. If special voting shares are issued during the financial year to which the allocation and addition per- tains, then the amount to be allocated and add- ed to the special voting shares dividend reserve in respect of these newly issued special voting shares shall be calculated as from the date on which such special voting shares were issued until the last day of the financial year concerned. The special voting shares shall not carry any oth- er entitlement to the profits. 5. Any profits remaining thereafter shall be at the disposal of the general meeting of Shareholders for distribution of profits on the common shares only, subject to the provision of paragraph 8 of this article. 6. Subject to a prior proposal of the Board of Directors, the general meeting of Shareholders may declare and pay distribution of profits and other distributions in United States Dollars. Furthermore, subject to the approval of the gen- eral meeting of Shareholders and the Board of Directors having been designated as the body competent to pass a resolution for the issuance of shares in accordance with Article 6, the Board of Directors may decide that a distribution shall be made in the form of shares or that Shareholders shall be given the option to receive a distribution either in cash or in the form of shares. 7. The Company shall only have power to make distributions to Shareholders and other per- sons entitled to distributable profits to the ex- tent the Company’s equity exceeds the sum of the paid in and called up part of the share capital and the reserves that must be maintained pur- suant to Dutch law and the Company’s Articles of Association. No distribution of profits or oth- er distributions may be made to the Company itself for shares that the Company holds in its own share capital. 8. The distribution of profits shall be made after the adoption of the annual accounts, from which it appears that the same is permitted. 9. The Board of Directors shall have power to de- clare one or more interim distributions of prof- its, provided that the requirements of paragraph 7 hereof are duly observed as evidenced by an interim statement of assets and liabilities as re- ferred to in Section 2:105 paragraph 4 of the Dutch Civil Code and provided further that the policy of the Company on additions to reserves and distributions of profits is duly observed. The provisions of paragraphs 2 and 3 hereof shall apply mutatis mutandis. 10. The Board of Directors may determine that dis- tributions are made from the Company’s share premium reserve or from any other reserve, provided that payments from reserves may only be made to the Shareholders that are enti- tled to the relevant reserve upon the dissolution of the Company. 11. Distributions of profits and other distributions shall be made payable in the manner and at such date(s) - within four (4) weeks after declaration thereof - and notice thereof shall be given, as the general meeting of Shareholders, or in the case of interim distributions of profits, the Board of Directors shall determine. 12. Distributions of profits and other distribu- tions, which have not been collected within five (5) years and one (1) day after the same have become payable, shall become the property of the Company.

[PAGE 440]
OTHER INFORMATION FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 440 BRANCH OFFICES Please refer to Note 24 “Organizational Structure” to the Company Financial Statements included in this Annual Report. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION OFFER AND LISTING DETAILS In the United States, our common shares are listed and traded on the NYSE (trading symbol “RACE”). Our common shares are also listed and traded on the Euronext Milan (trading symbol “RACE”). DIVIDEND POLICY Subject to the approval by the Shareholders at the 2025 Annual General Meeting, the Company intends to make a dividend distribution to the holders of common shares of Euro 2.986 per common share, corresponding to a total dividend distribution to shareholders of approximately Euro 534 million. We intend to return capital to holders of common shares over time through a sustainable dividend policy designed to provide adequate returns to sharehold- ers, while supporting growth and protecting our cred- itworthiness in order to facilitate access to external funding. We intend to pay 35 percent of our annual net profit by way of dividend in the coming years; how- ever, the actual level of dividends will be subject to our earnings, cash balances, commitments, strategic plans and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant at the time of the dividend, includ- ing adjustments for income or costs that are signifi- cant in nature but expected to occur infrequently. For additional information on distribution of profits, refer to “Corporate Governance—Memorandum and Articles of Association”. Our dividend policy is subject to change in the future based on changes in statutory require- ments, market trends, strategic developments, capital requirements and a number of other factors. All issued and outstanding common shares will rank equally and will be eligible for any profit or other payment that may be declared on the com- mon shares. Pursuant to our Articles of Association, holders of special voting shares are entitled to a minimum dividend, which is allocated to the special dividend reserve. A distribution from the special div- idend reserve or the (partial) release of the special dividend reserve will require a prior proposal from the Board of Directors and a subsequent resolution of the meeting of holders of special voting shares. Ferrari does not intend to propose any distribution from the special dividend reserve. For additional information on distribution of prof- its, refer to “Corporate Governance—Memorandum and Articles of Association”. In addition, we are carry- ing out a share repurchase program. For additional information please refer to “Other Information— Additional Information—Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers”. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES Deloitte & Touche S.p.A., the member firms of Deloitte and their respective affiliates (collectively, the “Deloitte Entities”) served as our independent registered public accounting firm for the years end- ed December 31, 2024 and 2023. We incurred the following fees for professional services that for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 referred to the Deloitte Entities: For the years ended December 31, 2024 2023 (€ thousands) Audit fees 1,330 1,254 Tax fees 2 9 Audit-related fees 315 265 All other fees 549 60 Total 2,196 1,588 “Audit fees” are the aggregate fees earned by the Principal Accountant Entities for the audit of our consolidated annual financial statements, reviews of interim financial statements and attestation ser- vices that are provided in connection with statuto- ry and regulatory filings or engagements. “Tax fees” are the aggregate fees charged by the Principal Accountant for professional services rendered for tax compliance activities. “Audit-related fees” are fees charged by the Deloitte Entities for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our finan- cial statements and are not reported under “Audit fees”. This category comprises fees for agreed-upon procedures engagements and other attestation ser- vices subject to regulatory requirements. “All other fees” are fees earned by the Principal Accountant for non-audit services rendered in connection with new CSRD rules and a bond issuance.

[TABLE] 1,330
[TABLE] 2
[TABLE] 315
[TABLE] 549
[TABLE] 2,196

[PAGE 441]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F OTHER INFORMATION 441 AUDIT COMMITTEE’S PRE-APPROVAL POLICIES AND PROCEDURES Our Audit Committee nominates and engages our independent registered public accounting firm to audit our consolidated financial statements. Our Audit Committee has a policy requiring manage- ment to obtain the Audit Committee’s approval be- fore engaging our independent registered public accounting firm to provide any other audit or per- mitted non-audit services to us or our subsidiaries. Pursuant to this policy, which is designed to ensure that such engagements do not impair the indepen- dence of our independent registered public ac- counting firm, the Audit Committee reviews and pre-approves (if appropriate) specific audit and non- audit services in the categories Audit Services, Audit-Related Services, Tax Services, and any other services that may be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm. CHANGE IN REGISTRANT’S CERTIFYING ACCOUNTANT Not applicable. PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED PURCHASERS A multi-year share repurchase program of up to Euro 1.5 billion executed between 2019 and 2022 was announced by the Company at the 2018 Capital Markets Day (the “First Program”). Completing in May 2022, this program consisted of six tranches of common shares repurchases, in addition to pur- chases in relation to the Sell-to-Cover program, and reached a total amount of Euro 960 million. A new multi-year share repurchase program of approximately Euro 2 billion expected to be executed by 2026 (the “Second Program”) was announced by the Company at the Capital Markets Day held on June 16, 2022 and replaced the First Program. Between July 1, 2022 and October 20, 2023 Ferrari executed the first three tranches of the Second Program for consideration of €550 million, referred to as the “First Tranche”, “Second Tranche” and “Third Tranche”, respectively. Between November 8, 2023 and June 26, 2024 Ferrari executed the fourth tranche of the Second Program for consideration of €350 million (the “Fourth Tranche”). Between July 1, 2024 and November 26, 2024 Ferrari executed the fifth tranche of the Second Program for consideration of €250 million (the “Fifth Tranche”). On December 5th 2024, Ferrari announced the launch of a sixth tranche of up to Euro 150 million in common share repurchases (the “Sixth Tranche”). The Sixth Tranche started on December 6th, 2024 and is expected to be completed within February 20th, 2025. The First Tranche and the Second Tranche of the Second Program implemented the resolutions adopted by the Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 13, 2022, the Third Tranche and the Fourth Tranche

[PAGE 442]
OTHER INFORMATION FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 442 of the Second Program implemented the resolutions adopted by the Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 14, 2023, the Fifth Tranche and the Sixth Tranche of the Second Program implemented the resolu- tions adopted by the Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 17, 2024. Such resolutions authorized the purchase of up to 10% of the Company’s common shares during the eighteen-month period following such Shareholders’ Meeting, with the repurchase authority granted in the 2024 meeting currently set to expire on October 16, 2025 unless extended or renewed before such date. As of December 31, 2024, Ferrari’s common shares held in treasury amounted to 14,879,168 and special voting shares held in treasury amounted to 16,239. The following table reports purchases of Ferrari equity securities by the Company during the year ended December 31, 2024, which were made under the Fourth Tranche, the Fifth Tranche and the Sixth Tranche under the aforementioned second multi-year share repurchase program announced on June 16, 2022. Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share 1,2 (€) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased under the Plans or Programs (€) Jan 1 to Jan 31, 2024 138,393 313.9669 138,393 1,325,142,822 Feb 1 to Feb 28, 2024 94,150 366.5466 94,150 1,290,632,460 March 1 to March 31, 2024 111,210 392.0377 111,210 1,247,033,947 April 1 to April 30, 2024 93,721 389.0884 93,721 1,210,568,192 May 1 to May 31, 2024 186,676 383.6134 186,676 1,138,956,781 June 1 to June 30, 2024 101,272 384.8915 101,272 1,099,978,049 July 1 to July 31, 2024 159,077 388.1435 159,077 1,038,233,348 Aug 1 to Aug 31, 2024 33,616 437.4443 33,616 1,023,528,220 Sept 1 to Sept 30, 2024 164,052 426.3820 164,052 953,579,394 Oct 1 to Oct 31, 2024 153,578 421.9008 153,578 888,784,715 Nov 1 to Nov 30, 2024 93,759 413.8168 93,759 849,985,665 Dec 1 to Dec 31, 2024 110,760 422.0196 110,760 803,242,778 Total 1,440,264 392.5328 1,440,264 (1) Repurchases made under the Fourth, Fifth and Sixth Tranche of the abovementioned second multi-year share repurchase program announced at the Capital Markets Day held on June 16, 2022. The Fourth Tranche was completed on June 26, 2024, the Fifth Tranche was completed on November 26, 2024. The Sixth Tranche of the Second Program commenced on December 6, 2024. (2) Share repurchases made on the NYSE have been converted into Euro from U.S. Dollars at the exchange rate reported by the European Central Bank on the respective transaction dates. In addition to the above, in the context of the Group’s employee equity incentive plans: • on March 15, 2024 the Company assigned a to- tal of 76,979 common shares, previously held in treasury, to certain employees of the Group. On the same day, Ferrari purchased, in a “cross or- der” transaction executed on the Euronext Milan, a total of 35,189 common shares from a group of those employees in order to cover such indi- viduals’ taxable income in line with market prac- tice (Sell to Cover) at the average price of Euro 385.0000 per share. TAXATION MATERIAL UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES Ferrari N.V. is a public limited company organized in the Netherlands that is classified as a foreign corpo- ration for U.S. federal income tax purposes. This section describes the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of owning Ferrari com- mon shares and special voting shares. It applies solely to “U.S. holders” (as defined below) that hold common shares or special voting shares of Ferrari as capital assets.

[PAGE 443]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F OTHER INFORMATION 443 For purposes of this discussion, a “U.S. holder” is a beneficial owner of common shares of Ferrari that is: • an individual that is a citizen or tax resident of the United States; • a corporation, or other entity taxable as a corpo- ration, created or organized under the laws of the United States; • an estate whose income is subject to U.S. federal income tax, regardless of the income’s source; or • a trust if (i) a U.S. court can exercise primary su- pervision over the trust’s administration and one or more U.S. persons are authorized to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (ii) the trust has made a valid election under applicable Treasury Regulations to be treated as a U.S. person. This section does not apply to holders that are U.S. persons that are generally subject to special income tax rules, including: a dealer in securities or foreign currencies, • a regulated investment company, • a trader in securities that elects to use a mark- to-market method of accounting for securities holdings, • a tax-exempt organization, • a bank, financial institution, or insurance company, • a person liable for the alternative minimum tax, • a person that actually or constructively owns 10 percent or more, by vote or value, of Ferrari, • a person that holds common shares or special voting shares of Ferrari as part of a straddle or a hedging, conversion, or other risk reduction transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes, • a person that acquired common shares or spe- cial voting shares of Ferrari pursuant to the ex- ercise of employee stock options or otherwise as compensation, or • a person whose functional currency is not the U.S. Dollar. This section is based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), its legislative his- tory, existing and proposed regulations, published rulings and court decisions, as well as on applicable tax treaties, all as of the date hereof. These laws are subject to change, possibly on a retroactive basis. If an entity or arrangement treated as a part- nership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds shares, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner will generally depend on the status of the partner and the tax treatment of the partnership (i.e., an aggregate theory of partnership taxation may apply to look-through the partnership to the ultimate partner). A partner in an entity treated as a partner- ship for U.S. federal income tax purposes holding shares should consult its tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the ownership of Ferrari common shares. All holders of Ferrari common shares and spe- cial voting shares should consult their own tax advi- sors regarding the U.S. federal, state and local and foreign and other tax consequences of owning and disposing of Ferrari common shares in their partic- ular circumstances. TAXATION OF DIVIDENDS Under the U.S. federal income tax laws, and subject to the discussion of the taxation of a passive foreign income company (“PFIC”) below, a U.S. holder must include in its gross income the gross amount of any dividend paid by Ferrari to the extent of its current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles). Dividends will be taxed as ordinary income to the extent that they are paid out of Ferrari’s current or accumulat- ed earnings and profits. Dividends paid to a non-cor- porate U.S. holder by certain “qualified foreign cor- porations” that constitute qualified dividend income may be taxable to the holder at the preferential rates applicable to long-term capital gains provided that the holder holds the shares for more than 60 days during the 121-day period beginning 60 days before the ex-dividend date and the U.S. holder meets other holding period and tax treaty eligibility requirements. For this purpose, common shares of Ferrari are treated as stock of a “qualified foreign corporation” if Ferrari is either eligible for the benefits of an appli- cable comprehensive income tax treaty with the United States or if such stock is readily tradable on an established securities market in the United States. The common shares of Ferrari are listed on the New York Stock Exchange and Ferrari expects to be eli- gible for the benefits of such a treaty. Accordingly, subject to the discussion of PFIC taxation below, div- idends Ferrari pays with respect to the shares are expected to constitute qualified dividend income, assuming the holding period requirements are met. However, no assurance can be given that the common shares of Ferrari will be treated as readily tradable on an established securities market in the United States or that Ferrari will qualify for the ben- efits of a comprehensive income tax treaty with the United States. Further, no assurance can be given that the U.S. holder receiving such dividend will be eligible for the benefits of such a treaty. If non-U.S. withholding tax is withheld from a div- idend payment to a U.S. holder, the U.S. holder must generally include the gross dividend in income even though the U.S. holder does not in fact receive the gross amount. The dividend is generally taxable to a U.S. holder when the U.S. holder receives the div- idend, actually or constructively. With respect to U.S. holders that are U.S. C-corporations, a deduction may generally be available for dividend income received from a 10% or more owned non-U.S. subsidiary company. Subject to limitation, certain U.S. holders that are U.S. C-corporations may be eligible for a dividends received deduction. Distributions in excess of current and accumu- lated earnings and profits, as determined for U.S.

[PAGE 444]
OTHER INFORMATION FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 444 federal income tax purposes, will be treated as a non-taxable return of capital to the extent of the U.S. holder’s tax basis in Ferrari common shares, caus- ing a reduction in the U.S. holder’s adjusted basis in Ferrari common shares. Any distribution in excess of tax basis will likely be considered a capital gain. Subject to certain limitations, any non-U.S. tax withheld and paid over to a non-U.S. taxing authority is generally eligible for credit against a U.S. holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability. The amount allowed to a U.S. holder as a credit is subject to a general limitation to the amount of the U.S. holder’s U.S. fed- eral income tax liability that is attributable to income from non-U.S. sources and is computed separately with respect to different types of income that the U.S. holder receives from non-U.S. sources. Further limitation may apply to the extent a refund of the tax withheld is available to the U.S. holder under non- U.S. tax law or under an applicable tax treaty. Subject to the discussion below regarding Section 904(h) of the Code, dividends paid by Ferrari will be for- eign source income and will generally be “passive” income for purposes of computing the foreign tax credit allowable to a U.S. holder. Under Section 904(h) of the Code, dividends paid by a foreign corporation that is 50 percent or more owned, by vote or value, by U.S. persons may be treated as U.S. source income (rather than foreign source income) for foreign tax credit purposes, to the extent the foreign corporation earns U.S. source income, unless such corporation has less than 10 percent of applicable earnings and profits attrib- utable to sources within the U.S. In certain circum- stances, U.S. holders may be able to choose the ben- efits of Section 904(h)(10) of the Code and elect to treat dividends that would otherwise be U.S. source dividends as foreign source dividends, but in such a case the foreign tax credit limitations would be sepa- rately determined with respect to such “resourced” income. In general, therefore, the application of Section 904(h) of the Code may adversely affect a U.S. holder’s ability to use foreign tax credits. Ferrari does not believe that it is 50 percent or more owned by U.S. persons. In addition, Ferrari believes that its earnings and profits attributable to sources within the U.S. will not exceed 10 percent of applicable earn- ings and profits. However, these conclusions are factual determinations and are subject to change; no assurance can therefore be given that Ferrari may not be treated as 50 percent or more owned by U.S. persons for purposes of Section 904(h) of the Code or that less than 10 percent of Ferrari’s earnings and profits will be attributable to sources within the U.S. U.S. holders are strongly urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the possible impact if Section 904(h) of the Code should apply. TAXATION OF CAPITAL GAINS Subject to the discussion of PFIC taxation and ex- pected tax consequences of the Separation below, a U.S. holder that sells or otherwise disposes of its Ferrari common shares will recognize capital gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes equal to the difference between the U.S. Dollar value of the amount that the U.S. holder realizes and the U.S. holder’s tax basis in those shares. Capital gain of a noncorporate U.S. holder may be taxed at preferen- tial rates where the property is held for more than one year. For foreign tax credit limitation purpos- es, the source of such income will generally be U.S. source. A resourcing provision may apply under ap- plicable domestic law or tax treaty to recharacterize the source to non-U.S. source. The deduction of cap- ital losses is subject to limitations. Nonresident alien individual(s) present in the United States for a period or periods aggregating 183 days or more during the taxable year may be subject to U.S. income taxation upon the disposition of capital property. LOYALTY VOTING PROGRAM NO STATUTORY, JUDICIAL OR ADMINISTRATIVE AUTHORITY DIRECTLY DISCUSSES HOW THE RECEIPT, OWNERSHIP OR DISPOSITION OF SPECIAL VOTING SHARES SHOULD BE TREATED FOR U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES AND AS A RESULT, THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES ARE UNCERTAIN. ACCORDINGLY, WE URGE U.S. HOLDERS TO CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISOR AS TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE RECEIPT, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF SPECIAL VOTING SHARES. Receipt of special voting shares If a U.S. holder receives special voting shares, the tax consequences of the receipt of special voting shares is unclear. While distributions of stock are tax-free in certain circumstances, it is possible that the distribution of special voting shares could be treated as a distribution subject to tax as described above in “—Taxation of Dividends” if such distribution were considered to result in a “disproportionate dis- tribution”. If the distribution of special voting shares were so treated, the amount of the distribution should equal the fair market value of the special vot- ing shares received. Ferrari believes and intends to take the position that the value of each special voting share is minimal. However, because the fair market value of the special voting shares is factual and is not governed by any guidance that directly addresses such a situation, the IRS could assert that the value of the special voting shares (and thus the amount of the distribution) as determined by Ferrari is incorrect. Ownership of special voting shares Ferrari believes that U.S. holders holding special vot- ing shares should not have to recognize income in respect of amounts transferred to the special voting shares dividend reserve that are not paid out as div- idends. Section 305 of the Code may, in certain cir-

[PAGE 445]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F OTHER INFORMATION 445 cumstances, require a holder of preferred shares to recognize income even if no dividends are received on such shares if the preferred shares are redeem- able at a premium and the redemption premium results in a “constructive distribution”. Preferred shares for this purpose refer to shares that do not participate in corporate growth to any significant extent. Ferrari believes that Section 305 of the Code should not apply to any amounts transferred to the special voting shares dividend reserve that are not paid out as dividends so as to require current in- come inclusion by U.S. holders because, among other things, (i) the special voting shares are not re- deemable on a specific date and a U.S. holder is only entitled to receive amounts in respect of the special voting shares upon liquidation, (ii) Section 305 of the Code does not require the recognition of income in respect of a redemption premium if the redemption premium does not exceed a de minimis amount and, even if the amounts transferred to the special vot- ing shares dividend reserve that are not paid out as dividends are considered redemption premium, the amount of the redemption premium is likely to be “de minimis” as such term is used in the applicable Treasury Regulations. Ferrari therefore intends to take the position that the transfer of amounts to the special voting shares dividend reserve that are not paid out as dividends does not result in a “construc- tive distribution”, and this determination is binding on all U.S. holders of special voting shares other than a U.S. holder that explicitly discloses its contrary de- termination in the manner prescribed by the appli- cable regulations. However, because the tax treat- ment of the loyalty voting program is unclear and because Ferrari’s determination is not binding on the IRS, it is possible that the IRS could disagree with Ferrari’s determination and require current income inclusion in respect of such amounts transferred to the special voting shares dividend reserve that are not paid out as dividends. Disposition of special voting shares The tax treatment of a U.S. holder that has its spe- cial voting shares redeemed for zero consideration after removing its common shares from the Loyalty Register is unclear. It is possible that a U.S. hold- er would recognize a loss to the extent of the U.S. holder’s basis in its special voting shares. Such loss would be a capital loss and would be a long-term capital loss if a U.S. holder has held its special voting shares for more than one year. It is also possible that a U.S. holder would not be allowed to recognize a loss upon the redemption of its special voting shares and instead a U.S. holder should increase the basis in its Ferrari common shares by an amount equal to the basis in its special voting shares. Such basis increase in a U.S. holder’s Ferrari common shares would decrease the gain, or increase the loss, that a U.S. holder would recognize upon the sale or other taxable disposition of its Ferrari common shares. THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX TREATMENT OF THE LOYALTY VOTING PROGRAM IS UNCLEAR AND U.S. HOLDERS ARE URGED TO CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS IN RESPECT OF THE CONSEQUENCES OF ACQUIRING, OWNING, AND DISPOSING OF SPECIAL VOTING SHARES. PFIC CONSIDERATIONS Ferrari believes that shares of its stock are not con- sidered stock of a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, but this conclusion must be factually de- termined annually, and thus is subject to change. The PFIC regime of taxation is onerous and complex and can be mitigated through certain through U.S. tax elections. However, because of the administrative burdens involved, Ferrari does not intend to provide information to its holders that would be required to make such election(s) effective (i.e., a PFIC “Annual Information Statement”). Because the determination of whether a foreign corporation is a PFIC is primarily factual and there is little administrative or judicial authority on which to rely to decide, the IRS might not agree that Ferrari is not a PFIC. Moreover, no assurance can be given that Ferrari would not become a PFIC for any future taxable year if there were to be changes in Ferrari’s assets, income or operations. Ferrari would be a PFIC with respect to a U.S. holder if for any taxable year in which the U.S. holder held shares of Ferrari stock, after the application of applicable “look-through rules”: • 75 percent or more of Ferrari’s gross income for the taxable year consists of “passive income” (in- cluding dividends, interest, gains from the sale or exchange of investment property and rents and royalties other than rents and royalties that are received from unrelated parties in connection with the active conduct of a trade or business, as defined in applicable Treasury Regulations); or • at least 50 percent of its assets for the taxable year (averaged over the year and determined based upon value) produce or are held for the production of passive income (including cash). As discussed in greater detail below, if shares of Ferrari stock were to be treated as stock of a PFIC, gain realized (subject to the discussion below regard- ing a mark-to-market election) on the sale or other dis- position of shares of Ferrari stock would generally be treated as ordinary gain. Further, a U.S. holder would be treated as if such U.S. holder had realized such gain and certain “excess distributions” ratably over the U.S. holder’s holding period for its shares of Ferrari stock, and such gain would be taxed at the highest tax rate in effect for each such year to which the gain was allo- cated along with an interest charge in respect of the tax attributable to each such year. With certain excep- tions, a U.S. holder’s shares of Ferrari stock would be treated as stock in a PFIC if Ferrari were a PFIC at any time during such U.S. holder’s holding period in the

[PAGE 446]
OTHER INFORMATION FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 446 shares. Dividends received from Ferrari would not be eligible for the preferential tax rates applicable to qualified dividend income if Ferrari were treated as a PFIC in the taxable years in which the dividends are paid or in the preceding taxable year (regardless of whether the U.S. holder held shares of Ferrari stock in such year). Instead, such dividends would be taxable at rates applicable to ordinary income. If Ferrari were to be treated as a PFIC for any tax- able year included in whole or in part in a U.S. hold- er’s holding period of Ferrari and such U.S. holder is treated as owning shares of Ferrari stock for pur- poses of the PFIC rules (and regardless of whether Ferrari remains a PFIC for subsequent taxable years), the U.S. holder would be liable to pay U.S. federal income tax at the highest applicable income tax rates on (a) ordinary income upon the receipt of excess dis- tributions (the portion of any distributions received by the U.S. holder on shares of Ferrari stock in a taxable year in excess of 125 percent of the average annual distributions received by the U.S. holder in the three preceding taxable years or, if shorter, the U.S. hold- er’s holding period for the Ferrari common shares) and (b) on any gain from the disposition of shares of Ferrari stock, plus interest on such amounts, as if such excess distributions or gain had been recognized ratably over the U.S. holder’s holding period of the shares of Ferrari stock. Further, such U.S. holder may be required to annually file Form 8621 with the IRS reporting information concerning such PFIC shares. If Ferrari were to be treated as a PFIC for any tax- able year and if Ferrari common shares are treated as “marketable stock” within the meaning of applica- ble Treasury Regulations (which Ferrari believes will be the case), a U.S. holder may make a “mark-to-mar- ket” election with respect to such U.S. holder’s com- mon shares. Under a mark-to-market election, any excess of the fair market value of the Ferrari com- mon shares at the close of any taxable year over the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in the Ferrari common shares (i.e., the tax basis in the shares at the beginning of the year) is included in the U.S. holder’s income as ordinary income. These amounts of ordinary income would not be eligible for the favorable tax rates appli- cable to qualified dividend income or long-term cap- ital gains. With respect to losses, the excess, if any, of the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis at the close of any taxable year over the fair market value of the Ferrari common shares is deductible in an amount equal to the lesser of the amount of the excess or the amount of the net mark-to-market gains that the U.S. holder included in income in prior years. Such loss would also be treated as ordinary. AU.S. holder’s tax basis in Ferrari common shares would be adjusted to reflect any such income or loss. Finally, any gain realized on the sale, exchange or other disposition of Ferrari common shares would be treated as ordinary income, and any loss realized on the sale, exchange or other disposition of Ferrari common shares would be treated as ordinary loss to the extent that such loss does not exceed the net mark-to-market gains previ- ously included by the U.S. holder. The adverse consequences of owning stock in a PFIC could also be mitigated if a U.S. holder makes a valid “qualified electing fund” election (“QEF elec- tion”), which, among other things, would require a U.S. holder to include currently in income its pro rata share of the PFIC’s net capital gain and ordinary earnings, based on earnings and profits as deter- mined for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Because of the administrative burdens involved, Ferrari does not intend to provide information to its holders that would be required to make such election effective (i.e., a PFIC “Annual Information Statement”). AU.S. holder that holds shares of Ferrari stock during a period when Ferrari is a PFIC will be sub- ject to the foregoing rules for that taxable year and all subsequent taxable years with respect to that U.S. holder’s holding of Ferrari common shares, even if Ferrari ceases to be a PFIC. U.S. holders are strongly urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the PFIC rules, and the potential tax consequences to them if Ferrari were determined to be a PFIC. MATERIAL NETHERLANDS TAX CONSEQUENCES This section solely addresses the principal Dutch tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and dis- posal of Ferrari common shares and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting shares by non-resident holders of such shares (as defined below). It does not purport to describe every aspect of Dutch taxation that may be relevant to a particular holder of Ferrari common shares and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting shares. Tax matters are complex, and the tax consequences to a particular holder of Ferrari common shares and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting shares will depend in part on such holder’s circumstances. Shareholders and any potential investor should consult their own tax advisors regarding the Dutch tax consequences of acquiring, owning and disposing of Ferrari com- mon shares and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting shares in their particular circumstances. Where in this section English terms and expres- sions are used to refer to Dutch concepts, the mean- ing to be attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equiva- lent Dutch concepts under Dutch tax law. Where in this section the terms “the Netherlands” and “Dutch” are used, these refer solely to the European part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands. This section assumes that the board shall con- trol the conduct of the affairs of Ferrari and shall procure that Ferrari is organized such and that its business will be conducted such that Ferrari should be treated as solely resident of Italy for the application of the tax treaty as concluded between Italy and the Netherlands. A change in facts and cir- cumstances based upon which Ferrari is no longer considered to be solely resident of Italy for the appli- cation of the mentioned treaty may invalidate the contents of this section, which will not be updated to reflect any such change.

[PAGE 447]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F OTHER INFORMATION 447 This section is based on the tax law of the Netherlands (unpublished case law not included) as it stands at the date of this Form. The tax law upon which this description is based is subject to changes, possibly with retroactive effect. Any such changes may inval- idate the contents of this description, which will not be updated to reflect such changes. SCOPE OF THE SUMMARY. The summary of Dutch taxes set out in this section “Material Dutch tax consequences” only applies to a holder of Ferrari common shares and, if applica- ble Ferrari special voting shares who is a non-res- ident holder of such shares. For the purpose of this summary a holder of Ferrari common shares and, if applicable Ferrari special voting shares is a non-resident holder of such shares if such holder is neither a resident nor deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for purposes of Dutch income tax or corporation tax as the case may be. This Dutch taxation section does not address the Dutch tax consequences for a holder of Ferrari common shares and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting shares who: • is a person who may be deemed an owner of Ferrari common shares and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting shares for Dutch tax pur- poses pursuant to specific statutory attribution rules in Dutch tax law; • owns Ferrari common shares and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting shares in connection with a membership of a management board or a su- pervisory board, an employment relationship, a deemed employment relationship or manage- ment role; or • is for Dutch tax purposes taxable as a corporate entity and resident of Aruba, Curaçao or Sint Maarten. TAXES ON INCOME AND CAPITAL GAINS NON-RESIDENT HOLDERS OF FERRARI COMMON SHARES AND, IF APPLICABLE, FERRARI SPECIAL VOTING SHARES Individuals If a non-resident holder of Ferrari common shares and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting shares is an individual, he will not be subject to Dutch income tax in respect of any benefits derived or deemed to be derived from or in connection with Ferrari com- mon shares and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting shares, except if: • he derives profits from an enterprise, whether as an entrepreneur or pursuant to a co-entitle- ment to the net value of such enterprise, other than as a shareholder, and such enterprise is carried on, in whole or in part, through a perma- nent establishment or a permanent representa- tive in the Netherlands, and his Ferrari common shares and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting shares are attributable to such permanent es- tablishment or permanent representative; • he derives benefits or is deemed to derive bene- fits from or in connection with Ferrari common shares and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting shares that are taxable as benefits from miscella- neous activities performed in the Netherlands; or • he derives profits pursuant to the entitlement to a share in the profits of an enterprise, other than as a holder of securities, which is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which enter- prise his Ferrari common shares and, if applica- ble, Ferrari special voting shares are attributable. Corporate entities If a non-resident holder of Ferrari common shares and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting shares is a corporate entity, or an entity including an associa- tion, a partnership and a mutual fund, taxable as a corporate entity, it will not be subject to Dutch cor- poration tax in respect of any benefits derived or deemed to be derived from or in connection with Ferrari common shares and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting shares, except if: • it derives profits from an enterprise directly which is carried on, in whole or in part, through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Netherlands, and to which permanent establishment or permanent repre- sentative its Ferrari common shares and, if ap- plicable, Ferrari special voting shares are attrib- utable; or • it derives profits pursuant to a co-entitlement to the net value of an enterprise which is managed in the Netherlands, other than as a holder of se- curities, and to which enterprise its Ferrari com- mon shares and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting shares are attributable. General A non-resident holder of Ferrari common shares and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting shares will for Dutch tax purposes not carry on or be deemed to carry on an enterprise, in whole or in part, through a permanent establishment or a permanent repre- sentative in the Netherlands by reason only of the ex- ecution and/or enforcement of the documents re- lating to the issue of Ferrari common shares and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting shares or the per- formance by Ferrari of its obligations under such documents or under the Ferrari common shares and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting shares.

[PAGE 448]
OTHER INFORMATION FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 448

[PAGE 449]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F OTHER INFORMATION 449 DIVIDEND WITHHOLDING TAX Ferrari is generally required to withhold Dutch div- idend withholding tax at a rate of 15 percent from dividends distributed by it. As an exception to this rule, Ferrari may not be required to withhold Dutch dividend withholding tax from non-Resident holders of shares (as defined above) if it is considered to be a tax resident of both the Netherlands and Italy, in accordance with the domestic tax residency provi- sions applied by each of these jurisdictions, while the double tax treaty between the Netherlands and Italy attributes the tax residency exclusively to Italy. GIFT AND INHERITANCE TAXES No Dutch gift tax or Dutch inheritance tax will arise with respect to an acquisition or deemed acquisi- tion of Ferrari common shares and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting shares by way of gift by, or upon the death of, a holder of Ferrari common shares and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting shares who is neither resident nor deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for purposes of Dutch gift tax or Dutch inheritance tax except if, in the event of a gift whilst not being a resident nor be- ing a deemed resident in the Netherlands for pur- poses of Dutch gift tax or Dutch inheritance tax, the holder of Ferrari common shares and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting shares becomes a resident or a deemed resident in the Netherlands and dies within 180 days after the date of the gift. For purposes of Dutch gift tax and Dutch inher- itance tax, a gift of Ferrari common shares and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting shares made under a condition precedent is deemed to be made at the time the condition precedent is satisfied. VALUE ADDED TAX No Dutch value added tax will arise in respect of any payment in consideration for the issue of Ferrari common shares and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting shares. REGISTRATION TAXES AND DUTIES No Dutch registration tax, transfer tax, stamp duty or any other similar documentary tax or duty, oth- er than court fees, is payable in the Netherlands in respect of or in connection with the execution and/or enforcement (including by legal proceed- ings and including the enforcement of any foreign judgment in the courts of the Netherlands) of the documents relating to the issue of Ferrari com- mon shares and, if applicable, Ferrari special vot- ing shares, the performance by Ferrari of its obli- gations under such documents, or the transfer of Ferrari common shares and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting shares. MATERIAL ITALIAN INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES This section describes solely the material Italian tax consequences of acquiring, holding, and disposing of Ferrari common shares and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting shares. It does not consider every aspect of Italian taxation that may be relevant to a particular holder of Ferrari common shares and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting shares in special circumstances or who is subject to special treatment under applicable law, and it is not intended to be ap- plicable in all respects to all classes of investors. Shareholders and any potential prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding the Italian tax consequences of acquiring, holding, and disposing of Ferrari common shares and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting shares in their particular circumstances and should investigate the nature and the origin of the amounts received as distributions in connection with the Ferrari common shares (dividends or reserves). Where in this section English terms and expres- sions are used to refer to Italian concepts, the meaning to be given to these terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be given to the equivalent Italian concepts under Italian tax law. This summary assumes that Ferrari common shares will be listed on a regulated market. This summary also assumes that Ferrari is organized, and that the business will be conducted, in the manner outlined in this report. A change to the organizational structure or to the manner in which Ferrari conducts its business may invalidate the contents of this section, which will not be updated to reflect any such change. Law No. 111 of August 9, 2023 delegated the Italian Government to enact, within the next twenty-four months, one or more legislative decrees to reform the Italian tax system (the “Tax Reform”). According to this Law, the Tax Reform could significantly change the taxation of financial income and capital gains and introduce several amendments in the Italian tax sys- tem at different levels. The precise nature, extent, and impact of these amendments cannot be quantified or foreseen with any certainty at this stage. Therefore, the information provided in this Prospectus may not reflect the future tax framework. This summary is based on the tax laws of the Republic of Italy and case law / practice (unpublished case law / practice is not included) as it stands at the date of this summary. The law upon which this description is based is subject to change, potentially with retroactive effect. Any such change may invali- date the contents of this description, which will not be updated to reflect this change.

[PAGE 450]
OTHER INFORMATION FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 450 DEFINITIONS In this section, the following terms have the meaning defined below: • “CITA”: Presidential Decree No. 917 of December 22, 1986 (the Consolidated Income Tax Act); • “EEA State”: a State that is party to the European Economic Area Agreement; • “Finance Act 2017”: Law No. 232 of December 11, 2016; • “Finance Act 2021”: Law No. 178 of December 30, 2020; • “Finance Act 2025”: Law No. 207 of December 30, 2024 • “IRES”: Italian corporate income tax; • “Italian White List”: the list of countries and terri- tories allowing a satisfactory exchange of infor- mation with Italy (i) currently included in the Italian Ministerial Decree of September 4, 1996, as sub- sequently amended and supplemented, or (ii) once effective in any other decree or regulation that will be issued in the future to provide the list of such countries and territories (and that will replace the Ministerial Decree of September 4, 1996), includ- ing any country or territory that will be deemed listed therein for the purpose of any interim rule; • “Non-Qualified Holdings”: holdings of common shares in Ferrari, including rights or securities through which Ferrari common shares may be acquired, other than Qualified Holdings; • “Qualified Holdings”: holdings of common shares in Ferrari, including rights or securities through which Ferrari common shares may be acquired, that represent, in case of shares listed on regu- lated markets, either (i) more than two percent of the overall voting rights exercisable at ordi- nary shareholders’ meetings or (ii) an interest in Ferrari’s issued and outstanding capital in ex- cess of 5 percent; and • “Transfer of Qualified Holdings”: transfers of common shares in Ferrari, including rights or se- curities through which Ferrari common shares may be acquired, that exceed, over a period of 12 (twelve) months, the threshold for qualifying as Qualified Holdings. The twelve-month period starts from the date when the shares, securities and the rights owned represent a percentage of voting rights or interest in Ferrari’s capital that exceeds the aforesaid thresholds. In case of rights or securities through which Ferrari com- mon shares may be acquired, the percentage of voting rights or interest in Ferrari’s capital po- tentially attributable to the holding of such rights and securities is taken into account. TAXATION OF DIVIDENDS The tax regime summarized in this subsection “Tax- ation of Dividends” applies only to classes of holders of Ferrari common shares and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting shares that are described here below. Dividends paid by Ferrari are subject to the tax re- gime generally applicable to dividends paid by com- panies that are resident for tax purposes in the Republic of Italy. The tax regime may vary as follows. (A) ITALIAN RESIDENT PERSONS (i) Individuals not engaged in business activity Under Decree No. 600 of September 29, 1973 (“Decree 600”), dividends paid to Italian resident individuals who hold the Ferrari common shares neither in con- nection with a business activity nor in the context of the discretionary investment portfolio regime (“ris- parmio gestito”) as defined in subparagraph (A)(ii) be- low are subject to 26 percent tax withheld at source in Italy. In this case, the holders are not required to re- port the dividends in their income tax returns. Subject to certain conditions (including mini- mum holding period requirement) and limitations, dividends paid by Ferrari may be exempt from any income taxation (including from the 26 percent tax withheld at source) if the common shares do not represent a Qualified Holding and are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets all the requirements set forth under Italian tax law. (ii) Individuals not engaged in business activity and holding the Ferrari common shares under the “risparmio gestito” regime Dividends paid to Italian resident individuals who do not hold the Ferrari common shares in connection with a business activity are not subject to any tax withheld at source in Italy if (a) the holder has entrust- ed the management of the shares to an authorized in- termediary under a discretionary asset management contract, and (b) the holder has elected for the dis- cretionary investment portfolio regime (“risparmio gestito”) under Article 7 of Legislative Decree No. 461 of November 21, 1997 (“Decree 461”). In this case, the dividends are included in the annual accrued man- agement result (risultato maturato annuo di gestio- ne), which is subjected to a 26 percent substitute tax. (iii) Sole Proprietors Dividends paid to Italian resident individuals who hold the Ferrari common shares in connection with a business activity (“Sole Proprietors”) are not subject to any tax withheld at source in Italy, provided that, in this case, the holders declare at the time of receipt that the profits collected are from holdings connect- ed with their business activity. In this case, dividends must be reported in the income tax return, but only

[PAGE 451]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F OTHER INFORMATION 451 58.14 percent of such dividends are included in the holder’s overall business income taxable in Italy. (iv) Partnerships (Italian “società in nome collettivo”, “società in accomandita semplice”, “società semplici” and similar Italian partnerships as referred to in Article 5 CITA), as well as companies and other busi- ness entities referred to in Article 73(1)(a)-(b) CITA No Italian tax is withheld at source on dividends paid to Italian business partnerships (such as Italian “società in nome collettivo”, “società in accomandita semplice” and similar partnerships as referred to in Article 5 CITA). Only 58.14 percent of such dividends are includ- ed in the overall business income to be reported by the partnership if the partnership is a business part- nership. If the partnership is instead a non-business partnership (“società semplice” and similar partner- ships as referred to in Article 5 CITA), based on Article 32-quater of Law Decree No. 124 of October 26, 2019, as subsequently amended and supplemented, divi- dends are deemed to be received on a tax transpar- ency basis by the partners and are subject to tax un- der the tax regime applicable to the relevant partner (i.e., as if they were directly paid to each partner). No Italian tax is withheld at source on dividends paid to Italian resident companies and other Italian resident business entities as referred to in Article 73(1)(a)-(b) CITA, including, among others, corpora- tions (“società per azioni”), partnerships limited by shares (“società in accomandita per azioni”), limited liability companies (“società a responsabilità limitata”) and public and private entities whose sole or pri- mary purpose is to carry out business activities. Only 5 percent of the dividends are included in the overall business income subject to IRES, unless the com- mon shares in Ferrari are financial assets held for trading by holders that apply IAS / IFRS Accounting Standards under Regulation No. 1606/2002 of the European Parliament and Council of July 19, 2002. In this latter case, the full amount of the dividends is included in the holder’s overall business income sub- ject to IRES. IRES is currently levied at 24 percent, but a higher rate may apply for companies operating in specific sectors (chief among them is the 27.5 per- cent IRES rate for banks and other regulated finan- cial intermediaries) or meeting certain conditions. For some types of companies and under certain conditions, dividends are also partially included in the net value of production, which is subject to the regional tax on productive activities (“IRAP”). (v) Non-business entities referred to in Article 73(1)(c) CITA No Italian tax is withheld at source on dividends paid to Italian resident non-business entities referred to in Article 73(1)(c) CITA (including Italian resident trusts that do not carry out a business activity), ex- cept for Italian undertakings for collective invest- ment (“OICR”). The dividends are fully included in the holder’s overall income subject to IRES (only 77.74 percent of the dividend would instead be included in the holder’s overall income if it were paid out of prof- its formed until the fiscal year that was current on December 31, 2016). For social security entities pur- suant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of June 30, 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of February 10, 1996, subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, divi- dends and other income from the common shares that do not represent a Qualified Holding may be ex- cluded from the taxable base if the social security entity earmarks the common shares as eligible in- vestment under Article 1(89) of Finance Act 2017 (as subsequently amended) to the extent, however, that investment in the common shares (and other qual- ifying shares or units in undertakings for collective investment investing mainly in qualifying shares) rep- resent no more than 10 percent of the gross asset value of the social security entity of the previous year. According to Article 1(44 - 46) of Finance Act 2021, 50 percent of the dividends paid to non-busi- ness entities referred to in Article 73(1)(c) CITA will be excluded from their IRES taxable base provided that they: (i) exclusively or mainly carry out any of the qualifying non-profit activities listed in Article 1(45) of Finance Act 2021 and (ii) earmark the related tax savings to a non-distributable reserve and use these resources to finance these non-profit activities. (vi) Persons exempt from IRES and persons outside the scope of IRES Dividends paid to Italian resident persons that are exempt from IRES are generally subject to 26 per- cent tax withheld at source. No Italian tax is instead withheld at source on div- idends paid to persons that are outside the scope of IRES (“esclusi”) under Article 74(1) CITA. (vii) Pension funds and OICR (other than Real Estate AIF) No Italian tax is withheld at source on dividends paid to (a) Italian pension funds governed by Legislative Decree No. 252 of December 5, 2005 (“Decree 252”) and (b) Italian OICR, other than real estate investment funds and Italian real estate SICAFs (real estate alter- native investment funds, “Real Estate AIF”). Dividends received by Italian pension funds are taken into account to compute the pension fund’s net annual accrued yield, which is subject to a 20 percent flat tax (imposta sostitutiva). Subject to cer- tain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, dividends and other income from the common shares may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 percent flat tax if the pension fund earmarks the common shares as eli- gible investment under Article 1(89)-(92) of Finance

[PAGE 452]
OTHER INFORMATION FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 452 Act 2017 (as subsequently amended) to the extent, however, that investment in the common shares (and other qualifying shares or units in undertakings for collective investment investing mainly in quali- fying shares) represent no more than 10 percent of the gross asset value of the pension fund of the previous year. Dividends received by OICR that are set up in, and organized under the laws of, Italy and that are subject to regulatory supervision (other than Real Estate AIF) are not subject to taxation at the level of the OICR. (viii) Real Estate AIF No Italian tax is withheld at source on dividends paid to Italian Real Estate AIF. Moreover, dividends are not subject to either IRES or IRAP at the level of the Real Estate AIF. However, income realized by Italian Real Estate AIF is attributed pro rata to Italian resi- dent unitholders / shareholders, irrespective of any actual distribution, on a tax transparency basis if the Italian resident unitholders / shareholders are not institutional investors and hold units / shares in the Real Estate AIF representing more than 5 percent of the Real Estate AIF’s net asset value. (B) NON-ITALIAN RESIDENT PERSONS (i) Non-resident persons holding the common shares in Ferrari through a permanent establishment in Italy No Italian tax is withheld at source on dividends paid to non-resident persons that hold the common shares in Ferrari through a permanent establish- ment in Italy to which the common shares in Ferrari are effectively connected. Only 5 percent of the div- idends are included in the overall income subject to IRES, unless the common shares in Ferrari are finan- cial assets held for trading by holders that apply IAS Accounting Standards / IFRS Accounting Standards under Regulation No. 1606/2002 of the European Parliament and the Council of July 19, 2002. In this lat- ter case, the full amount of the dividends is included in the overall business income subject to IRES. IRES is currently levied at 24 percent, but a higher rate may apply for companies operating in specific sectors (chief among them is the 27.5 percent IRES rate for banks and other regulated financial intermediaries) or meeting certain conditions. If the common shares are held by a non-resident Sole Proprietor through a permanent establishment in Italy to which the com- mon shares are effectively connected, only 58.14 percent of the dividends is included in the overall in- come subject to personal income tax. For some types of businesses and under certain conditions, dividends are also partially included in the net value of production, which is subject to IRAP. If dividends are paid with respect to common shares in Ferrari that are not connected with a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-resident person, please see subparagraph (B)(ii) below. (ii) Non-resident persons that do not hold the common shares in Ferrari through a permanent establishment in Italy A 26 percent tax withheld at source generally applies on dividends paid to non-resident persons that do not have a permanent establishment in Italy to which the common shares in Ferrari are effectively connected. Subject to a specific application that must be submitted to the Italian tax authorities under the terms and conditions provided by law, non-res- ident holders are entitled to relief (in the form of a refund), which cannot be greater than 11/26 (eleven twenty-sixths) of the tax levied in Italy, if they can demonstrate that they have paid final tax abroad on the same profits. Holders who may be eligible for the relief should consult with their own independent tax advisors to determine whether they are eligible for, and how to obtain, the tax refund. As an alternative to the relief described above, persons resident in countries that have a double tax treaty in force with Italy may request that the tax withheld at source on dividends be levied at the (reduced) rate provided under the applicable tax treaty, provided that the non-resident person promptly submits proper documentation (including tax resident certificates released or stamped by the foreign tax authority). The domestic withholding tax rate on dividends is 1.2 percent (and not 26 percent) if the recipients and beneficial owners of the dividends on Ferrari common shares are companies or entities that are (a) resident for tax purposes in an EU Member State or in an EEA State that is included in the Italian White List and (b) subject to corporate income tax in such State. These companies and entities are not entitled to the 11/26 relief described above. The domestic withholding tax rate on dividends is 11 percent (and not 26 percent) if the recipients and beneficial owners of the dividends on Ferrari common shares are pension funds that are set up in an EU Member States or an EEA State included in the Italian White List. These pension funds are not enti- tled to the 11/26 relief described above. Moreover, Article 1(95) of Finance Act 2017 provides for an exemption from withholding taxation on dividends if a pension fund set up in an EU Member State or an EEA State holds shares in an Italian resident cor- poration (such as Ferrari) for at least 5 years and only to the extent of dividends from investments in qualifying shares (or units in undertakings for collective investment investing mainly in qualifying shares) that represent no more than 10 percent of the gross asset value of the pension fund of the pre- vious year. To benefit from this exemption, the EU (or “white listed” EEA) pension fund that is the ben-

[PAGE 453]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F OTHER INFORMATION 453 eficial owner of the dividends must submit an affida- vit to the withholding agent whereby it declares that it meets the conditions for the exemption and that it undertakes to hold the shares for the required hold- ing period. Other documentary obligations apply to such EU (or “white listed” EEA) pension funds to bene- fit from this exemption. Under Article 27(3) of Decree 600, no Italian tax is withheld at source on dividends paid to (i) foreign undertakings for collective investment that comply with Directive 2009/65/EC, or (ii) foreign undertak- ings for collective investment that do not fall within the scope of Directive 2009/65/EC but whose asset man- ager is subject to regulatory supervision according to Directive 2011/61/EU, provided that in both case (i) and (ii) the foreign undertaking for collective invest- ment is organized under the laws of an EU Member State or an EEA State that is included in the White List. Under Article 27-bis of Decree 600, which implemented in Italy the Directive 435/90/EEC of July 23, 1990, then recast in EU Directive 2011/96 of November 30, 2011 (the “Parent Subsidiary Directive”), a company is entitled to a full refund of the tax with- held at source on the dividends if it (a) has one of the legal forms provided for in the appendix to the Parent Subsidiary Directive, (b) is resident for tax purposes in an EU Member State without being considered to be resident outside the EU according to a double tax treaty signed with a non-EU country, (c) is subject in the country of residence to one of the taxes indicated in the appendix to the Parent Subsidiary Directive with no possibility of benefiting from optional or exemption regimes that have no territorial or time limitations, and (d) directly holds common shares in Ferrari that rep- resent an interest in the issued and outstanding capi- tal of Ferrari of no less than 10 percent for an uninter- rupted period of at least one year. If these conditions are met, and as an alternative to submitting a refund request after the dividend distribution, the non-resi- dent company may request that no tax be levied at the time the dividends are paid, provided that (x) the 1-year holding period under condition (d) above has already run and (y) the non-resident company promptly sub- mits proper documentation. The withholding exemp- tion under Article 27-bis of Decree 600 may be denied by the Italian tax authorities in abusive situations pur- suant to the Italian statutory general anti-abuse rule (Article 10-bis of Law No. 212 of July 27, 2000). Under the Agreement between the European Community and the Swiss Confederation providing for measures equivalent to those laid down in Council Directive 2003/48/EC on taxation of savings income in the form of interest payments, the withholding tax refund / exemption regime described above also applies to dividends paid to a company that (a) is resi- dent for tax purposes in Switzerland without being con- sidered to be resident outside Switzerland according to a double tax treaty signed with a non-EU country, (b) is a limited company, (c) is subject to Swiss corporate tax without being exempted or benefiting from preferen- tial tax regimes, and (d) directly holds common shares in Ferrari that represent an interest in Ferrari’s issued and outstanding capital of no less than 25 percent for an uninterrupted period of at least two years. Dividends distributed to international entities or bodies that benefit from exemption from taxation in Italy pursuant to international rules or treaties entered into force in Italy will not be subject to withholding tax. (iii) U.S. holders (without permanent establishment in Italy) of Ferrari common shares and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting shares If Ferrari is considered to be a tax resident of both Italy and the Netherlands, in accordance with the domes- tic tax residency provisions applied by each of these jurisdictions, while the double tax treaty between Italy and the Netherlands attributes the tax residency ex- clusively to Italy, Ferrari will be required to apply Italian dividend withholding tax on dividends distributed to U.S. holders of Ferrari common shares and, if appli- cable, Ferrari special voting shares. However, certain U.S. holders of Ferrari common shares and, if applica- ble, Ferrari special voting shares may qualify for full or partial relief from the Italian dividend withholding tax under the Convention between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Italian Republic for the avoidance of double taxation with respect to taxes on income and the prevention of fraud or fiscal evasion signed in Washington, D.C. on August 25, 1999 (the “Italy-U.S. Treaty”). On the basis of Article 10 of the Italy-U.S. Treaty, qualifying U.S. indi- viduals are entitled to a reduced Italian dividend with- holding tax rate (i.e., 15 percent) and qualifying U.S. companies are entitled, under certain conditions, to a reduced Italian dividend withholding tax rate (either 5 percent or 15 percent depending on the circumstanc- es). On the basis of Article 10(8) of the Italy-U.S. Treaty, qualified U.S. governmental entities are entitled, under certain conditions, to a full exemption from Italian div- idend withholding tax. TAXATION OF DISTRIBUTIONS OF EQUITY RESERVES The tax regime summarized in this subsection “Taxation of distributions of Equity Reserves” applies only to classes of holders of Ferrari common shares and, if applicable, Ferrari special voting shares that are described here below. The information provided in this subsection sum- marizes the Italian tax regime applicable to the distri- butions by Ferrari - other than in case of reduction of excess capital, withdrawal, exclusion, redemption or liquidation - of equity reserves as referred to under Article 47(5) CITA, such as, for instance, reserves or other funds formed with share premiums, equaliz- ing interests (interessi di conguaglio) paid in by the subscribers, equity (other than share capital) contri- butions (versamenti a fondo perduto) or share capi- tal account payments (versamenti in conto capitale) made by shareholders and tax-exempt revaluation reserves (the “Equity Reserves”).

[PAGE 454]
OTHER INFORMATION FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 454 (A) ITALIAN RESIDENT PERSONS (i) Individuals not engaged in business activity Regardless of what holders have resolved upon in the shareholders’ meeting, the amounts received as dis- tribution out of Equity Reserves of Ferrari by Italian resident individuals who do not hold the Ferrari com- mon shares in connection with a business activity are deemed to be, and treated as, profits for the recipi- ents to the extent that Ferrari has current year prof- its or retained profits (except for any portion thereof earmarked to a tax-deferred reserve or non-distrib- utable reserves). Amounts treated as profits are subject to the same tax regime described above for dividends. Amounts received as distributions out of Equity Reserves, net of any amount already treated as profits as per the above, reduce the holder’s tax basis in Ferrari common shares correspondingly. Distributions out of Equity Reserves that are in excess of the holders’ tax basis in the Ferrari common shares are treated as dividends for tax purposes. Special rules may apply if the individual holders have elected with regard to the common shares in Ferrari into the discretionary investment portfolio regime (regime del risparmio gestito) described in subparagraph (A) (i) of the subsection “Taxation of Capital Gains” below. (ii) Sole Proprietors, business partnerships (Italian “società in nome collettivo”, “società in accomandita semplice” and similar Italian partnerships as referred to in Article 5 CITA), as well as companies and other business entities referred to in Article 73(1)(a)-(b) CITA Regardless of what holders have resolved upon in the shareholders’ meeting, the amounts received as dis- tribution out of Equity Reserves of Ferrari by Italian Sole Proprietors, Italian business partnerships (Italian “società in nome collettivo”, “società in accomandita semplice” and similar Italian partnerships as referred to in Article 5 CITA), and Italian resident companies and other business entities referred to in Article 73(1)(a)-(b) CITA are deemed to be, and are treated as, profits for the recipients to the extent that Ferrari has current year profits or retained profits (except for any portion thereof earmarked to a tax-deferred reserve or non-distributable reserves). Amounts treated as profits should be subject to the same tax regime described above for dividends. Amounts re- ceived as distributions out of Equity Reserves, net of any amount already treated as profits as per the above, reduce the holder’s tax basis in the Ferrari common shares correspondingly. Distributions out of Equity Reserves that are in excess of the holders’ tax basis in the common shares in Ferrari are treated as capital gains for tax purposes and should be sub- ject to the same regime described in the subsection “Taxation of Capital Gains” below. (iii) Non-business entities referred to in Article 73(1)(c) CITA and non-business partnerships referred to in Article 5 CITA Amounts received by Italian resident non-business entities referred to in Article 73(1)(c) CITA as distri- butions out of Equity Reserves, net of any amount al- ready treated as profits as per the rules described in subparagraph (A)(i) above that apply here as well, reduce the holder’s tax basis in the Ferrari common shares correspondingly. Distributions out of Equity Reserves that are in excess of the holders’ tax basis in the common shares in Ferrari not held in connection with a business activity are treated as dividends for tax purposes. For a short description of a favorable regime available to certain social security entities, see subparagraph (A)(v) of the subsection “Taxation of Dividends” above. In case of amounts received by Italian non-busi- ness partnerships referred to in Article 5 CITA, the tax regime depends on the specific circumstances of the case. Shareholders and any potential prospective investors that are Italian non-business partnerships should consult their own tax advisors in this respect. (iv) Persons exempt from IRES Amounts received by Italian resident persons exempt from IRES as distributions out of Equity Reserves, net of any amount already treated as profits as per the rules described in subparagraph (A)(i) above that apply here as well, reduce the holder’s tax basis in the Ferrari common shares correspondingly. Distributions out of Equity Reserves that are in excess of the holders’ tax basis in the common shares in Ferrari not held in connection with a business activity are treated as divi- dends for tax purposes. (v) Pension funds and OICR ( other than Real Estate AIF) Amounts received by Italian pension funds governed by Article 17 of Decree 252 as distributions out of Equity Reserves should be taken into account to com- pute the pension fund’s net annual accrued yield, which is subject to a 20 percent flat tax (imposta sos- titutiva). The value of the common shares in Ferrari at the end of the same tax year should also be included in the net annual accrued yield. For a short descrip- tion of a favorable regime available to pension funds, see subparagraph (A)(vii) of the subsection “Taxation of Dividends” above. Conversely, any amounts received by OICR that are set up in, and organized under the laws of, Italy and that are subject to regulatory supervision (other than Real Estate AIF) as distributions out of Equity Reserves are not subject to taxation at the level of the OICR.

[PAGE 455]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F OTHER INFORMATION 455 (vi) Real Estate AIF Amounts received by Italian Real Estate AIF as dis- tributions out of Equity Reserves are not subject to IRES or IRAP at the level of the Real Estate AIF. However, income realized by Italian Real Estate AIF is attributed pro rata to the Italian resident unithold- ers / shareholders, irrespective of any actual distri- bution, on a tax transparency basis if the Italian resi- dent unitholders / shareholders are not institutional investors and hold units / shares in the Real Estate AIF representing more than 5 percent of the Real Estate AIF’s net asset value. (B) NON-ITALIAN RESIDENT PERSONS (i) Non-resident persons that do not hold the common shares in Ferrari through a permanent establishment in Italy For non-Italian resident persons (whether individu- als or corporations) without a permanent establish- ment in Italy to which the common shares in Ferrari are effectively connected, the amounts received as distributions out of Equity Reserves are subject to the same tax regime as applicable to Italian resident indi- viduals not engaged in business activity described in paragraph A(i) of this subsection “Taxation of distri- butions of Equity Reserves”. Therefore, the amounts received as distributions out of Equity Reserves, net of any amount that has already been treated as prof- its as per the rules described in subparagraph (A) (i) above, reduce the holder’s tax basis in the Ferrari common shares correspondingly. Distributions out of Equity Reserves that are in excess of the holders’ tax basis in the common shares in Ferrari are treat- ed as dividends for tax purposes. (ii) Non-resident persons holding the common shares in Ferrari through a permanent establishment in Italy For non-Italian resident persons that hold the com- mon shares in Ferrari through a permanent estab- lishment in Italy to which the Ferrari common shares are effectively connected, the amounts received as distributions out of Equity Reserves are subject to the same tax regime as applicable to Italian resident companies and other business entities referred to in Article 73(1)(a)-(b) CITA as described in subpara- graph (A)(ii) above. If the Equity Reserves distribu- tion relates to common shares in Ferrari that are not connected to a permanent establishment in Italy of the non-resident recipient, reference must be made to subparagraph (B)(i) above. TAXATION OF CAPITAL GAINS The tax regime summarized in this subsection “Taxation of Capital Gains” applies only to classes of holders of Ferrari common shares and, if applica- ble, Ferrari special voting shares that are described here below. (A) ITALIAN RESIDENT PERSONS (i) Italian resident individuals not engaged in business activity Capital gains realized by Italian resident individu- als upon transfer for consideration of the common shares (as well as of securities or rights whereby common shares may be acquired), other than capital gains realized in connection with a business activity, are subject to a 26 percent substitute tax (“CGT”). The taxpayer may opt for any of the following three tax regimes: • Tax return regime (regime della dichiarazione). Under this regime, capital gains and capital loss- es realized during the tax year must be report- ed in the income tax return. CGT is computed on capital gains net of capital losses of the same nature and must be paid by the term for paying the balance of the annual income tax. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward and offset against capital gains real- ized in any of the four following tax years. This regime is the default regime if the taxpayer does not elect into any of the two alternative regimes described in (b) and (c) below. • Non-discretionary investment portfolio regime (risparmio amministrato) (optional). Under this re- gime, CGT is applied separately on capital gains realized on each transfer of common shares in Ferrari. This regime is allowed subject to (x) the Ferrari common shares being managed or in cus- tody with Italian banks, broker-dealers (società di intermediazione mobiliare) or certain authorized financial intermediaries; and (y) an express elec- tion for the non-discretionary investment portfo- lio regime being made in writing in due time by the relevant holder. Under this regime, the financial in- termediary is responsible for accounting for and paying (on behalf of the taxpayer) CGT in respect of capital gains realized on each transfer of the common shares in Ferrari (as well as in respect of capital gains realized at revocation of the interme- diary’s mandate), net of any relevant capital loss- es. Capital losses may be carried forward and off- set against capital gains realized within the same relationship of deposit in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under this regime, the holder is not required to report capi- tal gains in the annual income tax return.

[PAGE 456]
OTHER INFORMATION FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 456 • Discretionary investment portfolio regime (ris- parmio gestito) (optional). This regime is allowed for holders who have entrusted the manage- ment of their financial assets, including the Ferrari common shares, to an authorized inter- mediary and have elected in writing into this re- gime. Under this regime, capital gains accrued on the Ferrari common shares are included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued (even if not re- alized) at year end, which is subject to CGT. The managing authorized intermediary applies the tax on behalf of the taxpayer. Any decrease in value of the managed assets accrued at year end may be carried forward and offset against any increase in value of the managed assets accrued in any of the four following tax years. Under this regime, the holder is not required to report capi- tal gains in the annual income tax return. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains on the common shares in Ferrari may be ex- empt from any income taxation (including from the 26 percent CGT) if the common shares in Ferrari do not represent a Qualified Holding and are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets all the requirements set forth under Italian tax law. Under Article 5 of Law No. 448 of December 28, 2001 (as amended by Finance Act 2025), for CGT purposes only, Italian individuals may increase the tax basis of the shares in Ferrari held on January 1, 2025 up to their fair market value by paying a 18 percent substitute tax on such fair market value by November 30, 2025 (either in full or the first of three instalments). For these purposes, the fair mar- ket value is the simple average trading price of the Ferrari shares in December 2024. (ii) Sole Proprietors and business partnerships (Italian “società in nome collettivo”, “società in accomandita semplice” and similar Italian partnerships as referred to in Article 5 CITA) Capital gains realized by Italian Sole Proprietors and Italian business partnerships (Italian “società in nome collettivo”, “società in accomandita semplice” and similar Italian partnerships as referred to in Article 5 CITA) upon transfer for consideration of the common shares in Ferrari must be fully included in the overall business income and reported in the annual income tax return. Capital losses (or other negative items of income) derived by this class of holders upon trans- fer for consideration of the common shares in Ferrari would be fully deductible from the holder’s income. However, if the conditions under a. and b. of sub- paragraph (A)(iii) below are met, only 49.72 percent (58.14 percent in case of Sole Proprietors) of the capital gain should be included in the overall busi- ness income (based on a different interpretation, a 58.14 percent inclusion of the capital gains that meet the abovementioned conditions should apply also to business partnerships). Capital losses realized on common shares in Ferrari that meet the conditions under a. and b. of subparagraph (A)(iii) below are only partially deductible (similarly to what is provided for the taxation of capital gains). For the purpose of determining capital gains and capital losses, the holder’s tax basis in the Ferrari common shares is reduced by any write-down that the holder has deducted in previous tax years. (iii) Companies and other business entities referred to in Article 73(1)(a)-(b) CITA Capital gains realized by Italian resident companies and other business entities as referred to in Article 73(1)(a)-(b) CITA (including partnerships limited by shares and public and private entities whose sole or primary purpose is carrying out business activi- ty) upon transfer for consideration of the common shares in Ferrari must be fully included in the over- all taxable business income subject to IRES in the tax year in which the capital gains are realized or, upon election, may be spread in equal installments over a maximum of five tax years (including the tax year when the capital gain is realized). The election for the installment computation is only available if the com- mon shares in Ferrari have been held for no less than three years and booked as non-current finan- cial assets (immobilizzazioni finanziarie) in the last three financial statements. However, under Article 87 CITA (participation exemption), capital gains realized upon transfer of common shares in Ferrari are 95 percent exempt if both the following requirements are met: • The common shares in Ferrari have been unin- terruptedly held as of the first day of the twelfth month prior to the transfer, treating the Ferrari common shares acquired on the most recent date as being transferred first (on a “last in first out” basis); and • The common shares in Ferrari have been booked as non-current financial assets in the first finan- cial statements closed during the holding period. In case of holders that draft their financial state- ments according to IAS Accounting Standards / IFRS Accounting Standards, the common shares in Ferrari are deemed as non-current financial assets if they are not accounted as financial as- sets held for trading. The Italian law lays down certain additional condi- tions for the exemption to be available. Based on the assumption that Ferrari is a holding company, that its shares are listed on a regulated market, and that pursuant to Article 87(5) CITA its assets are predom- inantly composed of shareholdings in companies which satisfy the additional conditions set forth by Article 87 CITA in order to enjoy the participation ex-

[PAGE 457]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F OTHER INFORMATION 457 emption regime (i.e., the companies are not resident in a State with a preferential tax system pursuant to Article 47-bis CITA and carry on a business activity), these additional conditions should be met. The transfer of shares booked as fixed finan- cial assets and shares booked as inventory must be considered separately with reference to each class. If the requirements for the participation exemption are met, any capital loss realized on the common shares in Ferrari cannot be deducted. For the purpose of determining capital gains and capital losses, the holder’s tax basis in the Ferrari common shares is reduced by any write-down that the holder has deducted in previous tax years. Capital losses (as well as negative differences between revenues and costs) relating to shares that do not meet the participation exemption require- ments are not relevant (and cannot be deducted) to the extent of the non-taxable amount of dividends (or advance dividend) received by the holder in the 36 (thirty-six) months prior to the transfer (dividend washing rule). This anti-avoidance rule applies to shares acquired in the 36-month period preceding the realization of the capital loss (or the negative dif- ference), provided that requirements under Article 87(1)(c)-(d) CITA (i.e., the company is not resident in a State with a preferential tax system pursuant to Article 47-bis CITA and carries on a business activity) are met. The anti-avoidance rule does not apply to holders that draft their financial statements accord- ing to IAS Accounting Standards / IFRS Accounting Standards under Regulation (EC) No. 1606/2002 of the European Parliament and the Council of July 19, 2002. When the amount of the aforesaid capital losses (and negative differences) deriving from a transac- tion (or a series of transactions) on shares traded on regulated markets is greater than €50,000.00, the taxpayer must, under certain circumstances report the data and the information regarding the transac- tion to the Italian tax authorities. Moreover, in case of capital losses greater than €5,000,000.00 deriving from the transfer (or a series of transfers) of shares booked as non-current financial assets, the holder must report the data and the information to the Italian tax authorities. Holders that draft their financial statements according to IAS Accounting Standards / IFRS Accounting Standards are under no such obligation. For some types of companies and under cer- tain conditions, capital gains on common shares in Ferrari are also included in the net value of produc- tion that is subject to IRAP. (iv) Non-business entities referred to in Article 73(1)(c) CITA and non-business partnerships (società semplici) referred to in Article 5 CITA Capital gains realized, outside the scope of a busi- ness activity, by Italian resident non-business en- tities referred to in Article 73(1)(c) CITA (other than OICR) and Italian non-business partnerships as re- ferred to in Article 5 CITA are subject to tax under the same rules as provided for capital gains realized by Italian resident individuals who do not hold the Ferrari common shares in connection with a busi- ness activity. For a short description of a favorable regime available to certain social security entities (see subparagraph (A)(v) of the subsection “Taxation of Dividends” above). Italian resident non-business entities referred to in Article 73(1)(c) CITA (holding the Ferrari shares outside the scope of a business activity) and Italian non-business partnerships as referred to in Article 5 CITA may also elect for the temporary tax basis step-up regime enacted by Article 5 of Law No. 448 of December 28, 2001 (as amended by Finance Act 2025) in relation to Ferrari shares held on January 1, 2025 (see subparagraph (A)(i) of this subsection “Taxation of Capital Gains” above). (v) Pension funds and OICR (other than Real Estate AIF) Capital gains on common shares in Ferrari held by Italian pension funds governed by Decree 252 must be taken into account to compute the pension fund’s net annual accrued yield, which is subject to a 20 percent flat tax (imposta sostitutiva). For a short de- scription of a favorable regime available to pension funds, see subparagraph (A)(vii) of the subsection “Taxation of Dividends” above. Capital gains on common shares in Ferrari held by OICRs that are set up in, and organized under the laws of, Italy and that are subject to regulatory supervision (other than Real Estate AIF) are not sub- ject to tax at the level of the OICR. (vi) Real Estate AIF Capital gains on common shares in Ferrari held by Italian Real Estate AIF are not subject to IRES or IRAP at the level of the Real Estate AIF. (B) NON-ITALIAN RESIDENT PERSONS (i) Non-resident persons holding the common shares in Ferrari through a permanent establishment in Italy If non-Italian resident persons hold the common shares in Ferrari through a permanent establish- ment in Italy to which the common shares in Ferrari are effectively connected, capital gains realized upon disposal of the common shares in Ferrari must be in- cluded in the permanent establishment’s income tax- able in Italy according to the tax regime as provided for the capital gains realized by Italian resident com- panies and other business entities as referred to in Article 73(1)(a)-(b) CITA, which is summarized under

[PAGE 458]
OTHER INFORMATION FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 458 subparagraph (A)(iii) above. If the common shares in Ferrari are not connected to a permanent establish- ment in Italy of the non-resident person, reference must be made to subparagraph (B)(ii) below. If the common shares are held by a non-resident Sole Proprietor through a permanent establishment in Italy to which the common shares are effectively connected, capital gains realized upon disposal of the common shares must be included in the perma- nent establishment’s income taxable in Italy accord- ing to the tax regime as provided for the capital gains realized by Italian Sole Proprietors, which is summarized under subparagraph (A)(ii) above. (ii) Non-resident persons that do not hold the common shares in Ferrari through a permanent establishment in Italy NON-QUALIFIED HOLDINGS. Based on the fact that Ferrari common shares are listed on a regulated mar- ket, no tax applies in Italy on capital gains realized by non-Italian resident holders without a permanent es- tablishment in Italy upon transfer for consideration of common shares in Ferrari that do not qualify as Transfers of Qualified Holdings, even if the Ferrari common shares are held in Italy and regardless of the provisions set forth in any applicable double tax treaty. In such case, in order to benefit from this exemption, non-Italian resident holders who hold the Ferrari com- mon shares with an Italian authorized financial inter- mediary and either are subject to the nondiscretion- ary investment portfolio regime or have elected for the discretionary investment portfolio regime may be required to timely submit to the Italian authorized financial intermediary an affidavit whereby they state that they are not resident in Italy for tax purposes. QUALIFIED HOLDINGS. Capital gains realized by non-Italian resident holders without a permanent establishment in Italy upon Transfers of Qualified Holdings are subject to tax under the rules as pro- vided for capital gains realized by Italian resident indi- viduals who do not hold the Ferrari common shares in connection with a business activity. However, under Article 1(633) of Finance Act 2021, no tax applies in Italy on capital gains realized by (i) foreign under- takings for collective investment that comply with Directive 2009/65/EC, or (ii) foreign undertakings for collective investment that do not fall within the scope of Directive 2009/65/EC but whose asset manager is subject to regulatory supervision according to Directive 2011/61/EU, provided that in both case (i) and (ii) the foreign undertaking for collective invest- ment is organized under the laws of an EU Member State or an EEA State that is included in the White List. In any case, the provisions of double tax treaties entered into by Italy may apply if more favorable; (a) under Article 68(2-bis) CITA, capital gains realized on the common shares in Ferrari by companies or entities that are resident for tax purposes in an EU Member State or in an EEA State that is included in the Italian White List are 95 percent exempt pro- vided that the conditions under a. and b. of sub- paragraph (A)(iii) above are met whereas capital losses can be used to offset 5 percent of the cap- ital gains realized in any of the four following tax years to the extent that the capital loss is reported in the tax return of the year in which is realized. (b) Non-resident persons that do not hold the com- mon shares in Ferrari through a permanent es- tablishment in Italy and that may be exposed to Italian source taxation on capital gains may also consider electing for the temporary tax basis step- up regime enacted by Article 5 of Law No. 448 of December 28, 2001 (as amended by Finance Act 2025) in relation to Ferrari shares held on January 1, 2025 (see subparagraph (A)(i) of this subsection “Taxation of Capital Gains” above. Non-resident persons that can benefit from Article 68(2-bis) CITA cannot elect for this step-up regime. SPECIAL VOTING SHARES No statutory, judicial or administrative authority directly discusses how the receipt, ownership or disposal of special voting shares should be treated for Italian income tax purposes and as a result, the Italian tax consequences are uncertain. Accordingly, we urge Ferrari shareholders to consult their tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the receipt, ownership and disposal of special voting shares. Receipt of special voting shares A shareholder that receives special voting shares issued by Ferrari should in principle not recognize any taxable income upon the receipt of special vot- ing shares. Under a possible interpretation, the issue of special voting shares can be treated as the issue of bonus shares free of charge to the shareholders out of existing available reserves of Ferrari. Such is- sue should not have any material effect on the allo- cation of the tax basis of a shareholder between its Ferrari common shares and its Ferrari special vot- ing shares. Because the special voting shares are not transferable and their limited economic rights can be enjoyed only at the time of the liquidation of Ferrari, we believe and intend to take the position that the fair market value of each special voting share is minimal. However, because the determi- nation of the fair market value of the special voting shares is not governed by any guidance that directly addresses such a situation and is unclear, the Italian tax authorities could assert that the value of the spe- cial voting shares as determined by us is incorrect. Ownership of special voting shares Shareholders of special voting shares should not have to recognize income in respect of any amount transferred to the special voting shares dividend re- serve, but not paid out as dividends, in respect of the special voting shares.

[PAGE 459]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F OTHER INFORMATION 459 Disposition of special voting shares The tax treatment of a Ferrari shareholder that has its special voting shares redeemed for no consid- eration after removing its shares from the Loyalty Register is unclear. It is possible that a shareholder should recognize a loss to the extent of the share- holder’s tax basis (if any). The deductibility of such loss depends on individual circumstances and con- ditions generally required by Italian law. It is also pos- sible that a Ferrari shareholder would not be allowed to recognize a loss upon the redemption of its spe- cial voting shares and instead should increase its ba- sis in its Ferrari common shares by an amount equal to the tax basis (if any) in its special voting shares. Transfer tax Contracts or other legal instruments relating to the transfer of securities (including the transfer of the Ferrari common shares) are subject to registration tax as follows: (i) notary deeds (atti pubblici) and pri- vate deeds with notarized signatures (scritture pri- vate authenticate) executed in Italy must mandato- rily be registered with the Italian tax authorities and are subject to €200.00 registration tax; and (ii) pri- vate deeds (scritture private) are subject to €200.00 registration tax only if they are voluntary filed for registration with the Italian tax authorities or if the so-called “caso d’uso” or “enunciazione” occurs. FINANCIAL TRANSACTION TAX Transfer of Ownership of the Shares Article 1(491-500) of Law No. 228 of December 24, 2012 introduced a financial transaction tax (“FTT”) applicable, among others, to the transfers of the ownership of (i) shares issued by Italian resident corporations, (ii) participating financial instruments (as defined under Article 2346(6) of the Italian Civil Code) issued by Italian resident corporations, and (iii) securities representing equity investments in Italian resident corporations such as American Depositary Receipts and Global Depositary Receipts, regardless of the place of residence of the issuer of such securities and of the place where the contract has been concluded. The residence of the issuer for the purposes of FTT is the place where the issuer has its registered office (intended as its corporate seat). Since the corporate seat of Ferrari is not in Italy, transfers of ownership of the shares in Ferrari will not be subject to FTT. High-frequency trading Transactions carried out on the Italian financial mar- kets and concerning the Ferrari shares may in lim- ited circumstances be subject to a tax on high-fre- quency trading. Potential prospective investors engaged in high-frequency trading should there- fore consult their own tax advisors regarding the Italian tax consequences of high-frequency trading on the Ferrari shares. TRANSFER OF THE FERRARI SHARES UPON DEATH OR BY GIFT Subject to certain exceptions, Italian inheritance and gift tax is generally payable on transfers of as- sets and rights (including the common shares and the special voting shares in Ferrari) (i) by reason of death or gift by Italian resident persons (or other transfers for no consideration and the creation of liens on such assets for a specific purpose), even if the transferred assets are held outside Italy, and (ii) by reason of death or gift by non-Italian resident persons, but limited to transferred assets held in Italy. Shares in corporations that are resident in Italy for tax purposes (because they have their corporate address or their place of effective management or their main business purpose in Italy for the greater part of the tax year) are deemed to be held in Italy. Subject to certain exceptions, transfers of assets and rights (including the common shares and the spe- cial voting shares in Ferrari) on death or by gift are generally subject to inheritance and gift tax as follows: • At a rate of 4 percent in case of transfers made to the spouse or relatives in direct line, on the portion of the global net value of the transferred assets, if any, exceeding, for each beneficiary, €1,000,000.00. • At a rate of 6 percent in case of transfers made to relatives up to the fourth degree or rela- tives-in-law up to the third degree on the entire value of the transferred assets (in the case of transfers to brothers or sisters, the six percent rate is applicable only on the portion of the global net value of the transferred assets, if any, exceed- ing, for each beneficiary, €100,000.00). • At a rate of 8 percent in any other case. If the transfer is made in favor of persons with se- vere disabilities, the tax applies on the value exceed- ing €1,500,000.00 at the rates illustrated above, de- pending on the type of relationship existing between the deceased or donor and the beneficiary. Assets and rights (i) segregated in a trust, or (ii) allocated to special funds by entering into a fiduciary contract, or (iii) encumbered by special purpose liens under Article 2645-ter of the Italian Civil Code, in favor of persons with severe disabilities are exempt from the Italian inheritance and gift tax, provided that all the conditions set out in Article 6 of Law No. 112 of June 22, 2016 are met. The exemption from Italian inheritance and gift tax also applies to the re-trans- fer of assets and rights if the death of the beneficiary occurs before the death of the settlor. No inheritance tax applies if the common shares in Ferrari are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets all the requirements set forth by the Italian tax law.

[PAGE 460]
OTHER INFORMATION FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 460 STAMP DUTY Under Article 13(2bis-2ter) of Decree No. 642 of October 26, 1972, a 0.20 percent stamp duty general- ly applies on communications and reports that Italian financial intermediaries periodically send to their cli- ents in relation to the financial products that are de- posited with such intermediaries. Shares are includ- ed in the definition of financial products for these purposes. Communications and reports are deemed to be sent at least once a year even if the Italian finan- cial intermediary is under no obligation to either draft or send such communications and reports. The stamp duty cannot exceed €14,000.00 per year for investors other than individuals. Based on the wording of the law and the implement- ing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Finance on May 24, 2012, the 0.20 percent stamp duty does not apply to communications and reports that the Italian financial intermediaries send to investors who do not qualify as “clients” according to the reg- ulations issued by the Bank of Italy. Communications and reports sent to this type of investors are subject to the ordinary €2.00 stamp duty for each copy. The taxable base of the stamp duty is the market value or - in the lack thereof - the nominal value or the redemption amount of any financial product. WEALTH TAX ON FINANCIAL PRODUCTS HELD ABROAD Under Article 19 of Decree No. 201 of December 6, 2011, individuals, non-business entities and non-busi- ness partnerships resident for tax purposes in Italy, which hold certain financial products outside of Italian territory (including shares) are required to pay a wealth tax at the rate of 0.20 percent (the rate is 0.40 percent if the financial products are held in one of the States or territories included in the Italian Ministerial Decree May 4, 1999). The wealth tax applies on the market value at the end of the relevant year or - in the lack thereof - on the nominal value or the redemption value of such financial products held outside of Italian territory. The wealth tax cannot exceed €14,000 per year for investors other than individuals. Taxpayers may deduct from the Italian wealth tax a tax credit equal to any wealth tax paid in the country where the financial products are held (up to the amount of the Italian wealth tax due). CERTAIN REPORTING OBLIGATIONS FOR ITALIAN RESIDENT HOLDERS Under Law Decree No. 167 of June 28, 1990, individuals, non-business entities and non-business partnerships that are resident in Italy for tax pur- poses and, during the fiscal year, hold financial assets abroad (including possibly the common shares and the special voting shares in Ferrari) must, in certain circumstances, disclose these financial assets to the Italian tax authorities in their income tax return (or if the income tax return is not due, in a proper form that must be filed within the same term as pre- scribed for the annual income tax return), regard- less of the value of such assets (save for deposits or bank accounts having an aggregate value not exceeding €15,000.00 throughout the year). The requirement applies also if the persons above, being not the direct holder of the financial assets, are the beneficial owners thereof for the purposes of anti- money laundering legislation. No disclosure requirements exist for financial assets (including the common shares and the spe- cial voting shares in Ferrari) under management or administration entrusted to Italian resident interme- diaries (Italian banks, broker-dealers (SIM), fiduciary companies or other professional intermediaries as indicated under Article 1 of Law Decree No. 167 of June 28, 1990) and for contracts concluded through their intervention, provided that the cash flows and the income derived from such assets and contracts have been subjected to Italian withholding tax or substitute tax by such intermediaries. INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT To: The Shareholders and Audit Committee of Ferrari N.V. REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2024 INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT OUR OPINION We have audited the financial statements 2024 of Ferrari N.V., based in Amsterdam. In our opinion, the accompanying financial state- ments give a true and fair view of the financial posi- tion of Ferrari N.V. as at 31 December 2024, and of its result and its cash flows for 2024 in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (EU-IFRS) and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. The financial statements comprise: The consolidated and company statement of financial position as at 31 December 2024. The following statements for 2024: the consoli- dated and company income statement, the consol- idated and company statements of comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows. The notes comprising material accounting pol- icy information and other explanatory information. BASIS FOR OUR OPINION We conducted our audit in accordance with Dutch law, including the Dutch Standards on Auditing. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the 'Our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements' section of our report.

[PAGE 461]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F OTHER INFORMATION 461 We are independent of Ferrari N.V. in accordance with the EU Regulation on specific requirements regarding statutory audit of public-interest enti- ties, the Wet toezicht accountantsorganisaties (Wta, Audit firms supervision act), the Verordening inzake de onafhankelijkheid van accountants bij assurance-opdrachten (ViO, Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants, a regulation with respect to independence) and other relevant independence regulations in the Netherlands. Furthermore, we have complied with the Verordening gedrags- en beroepsregels accountants (VGBA, Dutch Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants). We believe the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. INFORMATION IN SUPPORT OF OUR OPINION We designed our audit procedures in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole and in forming our opinion thereon. The following infor- mation in support of our opinion was addressed in this context, and we do not provide a separate opin- ion or conclusion on these matters. MATERIALITY Based on our professional judgment we deter- mined the materiality for the financial statements as a whole at € 94 million. The materiality is based on Profit Before Tax. We have also taken into ac- count misstatements and/or possible misstate- ments that in our opinion are material for the users of the financial statements for qualitative reasons. We agreed with the audit committee that mis- statements in excess of € 4.7 million, which are iden- tified during the audit, would be reported to them, as well as smaller misstatements that in our view must be reported on qualitative grounds. SCOPE OF THE GROUP AUDIT Ferrari N.V. is at the head of a group of components. The financial information of this group is included in the financial statements of Ferrari N.V.. Based on our risk assessment, we determined the nature, timing and extent of audit procedures to be performed, including determining the compo- nents at which to perform audit procedures. Our group audit mainly focused on significant group entities. Our assessment of entities that are significant to the group was done as part of our audit planning and was aimed to obtain sufficient coverage of the risks of a material misstatement for the significant account balances, classes of trans- actions and disclosures that we have identified. In addition, we considered qualitative factors as part of our assessment. For the selected component audit teams, the group audit team provided detailed written instructions, which, in addition to communicat- ing our requirements of component audit teams. Furthermore, we developed a plan for overseeing component audit teams based on its relative signif- icance and specific risk characteristics. Our over- sight procedures included a combination of live and virtual meetings with the component auditor, includ- ing working paper reviews. We also reviewed com- ponent audit team deliverables to gain a sufficient understanding of the work performed based on our instructions. By performing the procedures mentioned above at components, together with additional procedures at group level, we have been able to obtain sufficient and appropriate audit evidence about the group's financial information to provide an opinion on the financial statements. AUDIT APPROACH FRAUD RISKS We identified and assessed the risks of material mis- statements of the financial statements due to fraud. During our audit we obtained an understanding of the entity and its environment and the components of the system of internal control, including the risk assessment process and management's process for responding to the risks of fraud and monitoring the system of internal control and how the supervisory board exercise oversight, as well as the outcomes. We evaluated the design and relevant aspects of the system of internal control and in particular the fraud risk assessment. We evaluated the design and the implementation and, where considered appro- priate, tested the operating effectiveness, of internal controls designed to mitigate fraud risks. As part of our process of identifying fraud risks, we evaluated fraud risk factors with respect to financial reporting fraud, misappropriation of assets and bribery and corruption in close co-op- eration with our forensic specialists. We evaluated whether these factors indicate that a risk of material misstatement due to fraud is present. Following these procedures, and the presumed risks under the prevailing auditing standards, we considered the fraud risks in relation to manage- ment override of controls, which may represent a risk of material misstatement due to fraud. Our audit procedures to respond to these fraud risks include, amongst others, detailed testing of journal entries and top-side adjustments based on supporting doc- umentation. We have used data-analytics to perform a selection of journal entries based on risk-based characteristics to address the identified fraud risk. Additionally, we performed, amongst others the following procedures: • We incorporated elements of unpredictability in our audit. We also considered the outcome of our other audit procedures and evaluated whether any findings were indicative of fraud or non-compliance. • We considered available information and made

[PAGE 462]
OTHER INFORMATION FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 462 enquiries of relevant personal, including (non-) executive directors, lower management, ac- counting personnel, general counsel, director of internal audit, compliance and corporate affairs officer and others. • We tested the appropriateness of journal entries recorded in the general ledger and other adjust- ments made in the preparation of the financial statements. • We evaluated whether the selection and applica- tion of accounting policies by the entity, particu- larly those related to subjective measurements and complex transactions, may be indicative of fraudulent financial reporting. • We evaluated whether the judgments and de- cisions made by management in making the ac- counting estimates included in the financial state- ments indicate a possible bias that may represent a risk of material misstatement due to fraud. Management insights, estimates and assump- tions that might have a major impact on the finan- cial statements. We performed a retrospective review of management judgments and assump- tions related to significant accounting estimates reflected in prior year financial statements. • For significant transactions we evaluated wheth- er the business rationale of the transactions suggests that they may have been entered into to engage in fraudulent financial reporting or to conceal misappropriation of assets. • We have involved forensic specialists, who as- sisted us in the procedures explained above. This did not lead to indications for fraud potentially resulting in material misstatements. AUDIT APPROACH COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS We assessed the laws and regulations relevant to the entity through discussion with amongst others, management, group legal counsel, internal audit and those charged with governance, reading minutes and reports of internal audit. We involved our forensic specialists in this eval- uation. Please refer to our audit approach on fraud risks for more information about this evaluation. As a result of our risk assessment procedures, and while realizing that the effects from non-com- pliance could considerably vary, we considered the following laws and regulations: (corporate) tax law, the requirements under the International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (EU-IFRS) and Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code with a direct effect on the financial statements as an integrated part of our audit procedures, to the extent material for the financial statements. We obtained sufficient appropriate audit evi- dence regarding provisions of those laws and reg- ulations generally recognized to have a direct effect on the financial statements. Apart from these, the entity is subject to other laws and regulations where the consequences of non- compliance could have a material effect on amounts and/or disclosures in the financial statements, for in- stance, through imposing fines or litigation. Given the nature of the entity's business and the complexity of these other laws and regulations, there is a risk of non-compliance with the require- ments of such laws and regulations. Our procedures are more limited with respect to these laws and regulations that do not have a direct effect on the determination of the amounts and dis- closures in the financial statements. Compliance with these laws and regulations may be fundamen- tal to the operating aspects of the business, to the entity's ability to continue its business, or to avoid material penalties (e.g., compliance with the terms of operating licenses and permits or compliance with environmental regulations) and therefore non-com- pliance with such laws and regulations may have a material effect on the financial statements. Our responsibility is limited to undertaking specified audit procedures to help identify non-compliance with those laws and regulations that may have a material effect on the financial statements. Our pro- cedures are limited to (i) inquiry of management, those charged with governance, the executive board and others within the entity as to whether the entity is in compliance with such laws and reg- ulations and (ii) inspecting correspondence, if any, with the relevant licensing or regulatory authorities to help identify non-compliance with those laws and regulations that may have a material effect on the financial statements. Naturally, we remained alert to indications of (suspected) non-compliance throughout the audit. Finally, we obtained written representations that all known instances of (suspected) fraud or non-compliance with laws and regulations have been disclosed to us. AUDIT APPROACH GOING CONCERN Our responsibilities, as well as the responsibilities of the board of directors, related to going concern under the prevailing standards are outlined in the “Description of responsibilities regarding the fi- nancial statements” section below. In fulfilling our responsibilities, we performed procedures includ- ing evaluating management’s assessment of the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern and considering the impact of financial, operational, and other conditions. Based on these procedures, we did not identify any reportable findings related to the entity’s ability to continue as a going concern. OUR KEY AUDIT MATTERS Key audit matters are those matters that, in our pro- fessional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements. We have commu- nicated the key audit matters to those charged with

[PAGE 463]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F OTHER INFORMATION 463 governance. The key audit matters are not a com- prehensive reflection of all matters discussed. INTANGIBLE ASSETS – DEVELOPMENT COSTS — REFER TO NOTES 2 AND 14 TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DESCRIPTION The financial statements as of December 31, 2024, include Intangible assets – development costs (“Development costs”) with a net carrying amount of Euro 1,502.9 million. Development costs for car production and related components, engines and systems, are rec- ognized as an asset if the conditions under IAS 38 - Intangible Assets are met, including, among others: (i) development costs can be measured reliably, (ii) the technical feasibility of the product, estimated volumes and expected pricing all support the view that the development expenditure will generate future economic benefits, and (iii) the company has the intention to complete the development and the ability to use the intangible asset. All other research and development costs are expensed as incurred. We identified Development costs as a critical audit matter because of the significant estimates and judgements management makes when determining if a project has met the IAS 38 conditions related to assessing the technical feasibility of the project, including the intention to complete the development and the ability to use the intangible asset, and the realization of an expected future economic benefit. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of man- agement’s assessment of the classification of capi- talization or expense of Development costs. HOW THE KEY AUDIT MATTER WAS ADDRESSED IN THE AUDIT Our audit procedures related to manage- ment’s judgments regarding the capitalization or expense of Development costs included the follow- ing, among others: • We evaluated management’s policies and pro- cedures for identifying the Development costs to be capitalized and the criteria used for capital- ization including the consistency to those adopt- ed in previous years. • We tested the effectiveness of controls over the capitalized Development costs process, includ- ing those related to the verification of capitaliza- tion requirements, product initiatives approval and spending allocation, and costs monitoring. • We obtained and analyzed the details of the cap- italized Development costs by project, on a sam- ple basis, for the 2024 additions and reclassifi- cations from costs in progress to additions that occurred in the year. For additions, we verified that capitalized projects met IAS 38 criteria for capitalization and remained commercially via- ble, through: • Analysis of project details including evidence of external costs and internal costs. • Testing supporting evidence including invoices and time sheets for the Development costs capitalized. • In addition, for the selected new capitalized projects we performed specific inquiry with management and inspected supporting docu- mentation to assess the nature of the project. • We verified to the supporting evidence that re- classifications from development costs in prog- ress to development costs amortized were ap- propriate. • We evaluated, on a sample basis, the reason- ableness of management’s estimates, including management’s basis and approach for consid- ering the impacts of changes in the regulatory environment, by: • Inquiring of the Company's executives to understand the business initiatives supporting the assumptions related to tested development projects. • Comparing Group’s forecast revenue, EBITDA, Operating Profit (EBIT) and Industrial Free Cash flow to actual results to evaluate management’s ability to accurately forecast the future values. • Evaluating historical trends in revenue and the associated costs of production and Development costs amortization. • We verified, on a sample basis, that the costs recorded as research expensed through profit and loss were not eligible for capitaliza- tion, and therefore not included in capitalized Development costs. OBSERVATIONS The scope and nature of the procedures performed were appropriate and sufficient to address the key audit matter. Our procedures did not result in any re- portable matters. REPORT ON THE OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT The annual report contains other information, in ad- dition to the financial statements and our auditor's report thereon. The other information consists of: • Board Report. • The other information as required by Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. • Other Information Included in the Annual Report

[PAGE 464]
OTHER INFORMATION FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 464 Based on the following procedures performed, we conclude that the other information: • Is consistent with the financial statements and does not contain material misstatements. • Contains all the information regarding the man- agement report and the other information as re- quired by Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. We have read the other information. Based on our knowledge and understanding obtained through our audit of the financial statements or otherwise, we have considered whether the other information contains material misstatements. By performing these procedures, we comply with the requirements of Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code and the Dutch Standard 720. The scope of the procedures performed is substantially less than the scope of those performed in our audit of the financial statements. Management is responsible for the prepara- tion of the other information, including the Board of Directors Report in accordance with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS AND ESEF NO PROHIBITED NON-AUDIT SERVICES We have not provided prohibited non-audit services as referred to in Article 5(1) of the EU Regulation on specific requirements regarding statutory audit of public-interest entities. EUROPEAN SINGLE ELECTRONIC FORMAT(ESEF) Ferrari N.V. has prepared its annual report in ESEF. The requirements for this are set out in the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815 with regard to regulatory technical standards on the specification of a single electronic reporting format (hereinafter: the RTS on ESEF). In our opinion, the annual report, prepared in XHTML format, including the (partly) marked-up consolidated financial statements, as included in the reporting package by Ferrari N.V. complies in all material respects with the RTS on ESEF. Management is responsible for preparing the annual report including the financial statements in accordance with the RTS on ESEF, whereby man- agement combines the various components into one single reporting package. Our responsibility is to obtain reasonable assur- ance for our opinion whether the annual report in this reporting package complies with the RTS on ESEF. We performed our examination in accordance with Dutch law, including Dutch Standard 3950N 'Assurance-opdrachten inzake het voldoen aan de cri- teria voor het opstellen van een digitaal verantwoor- dingsdocument' (assurance engagements relating to compliance with criteria for digital reporting). Our examination included amongst others: • Obtaining an understanding of the company's fi- nancial reporting process, including the prepa- ration of the reporting package. • Identifying and assessing the risks that the an- nual report does not comply in all material re- spects with the RTS on ESEF and designing and performing further assurance procedures re- sponsive to those risks to provide a basis for our opinion, including: • • obtaining the reporting package and performing validations to determine whether the reporting package containing the Inline XBRL instance and the XBRL extension taxonomy files has been prepared in accordance with the technical specifications as included in the RTS on ESEF; • examining the information related to the consolidated financial statements in the reporting package to determine whether all required mark-ups have been applied and whether these are in accordance with the RTS on ESEF. DESCRIPTION OF RESPONSIBILITIES REGARDING THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE BOARD FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The board is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in ac- cordance with EU-IFRS and Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. Furthermore, the board is respon- sible for such internal control as the board deter- mines is necessary to enable the preparation of the financial statements that are free from material mis- statement, whether due to fraud or error. As part of the preparation of the financial state- ments, the board is responsible for assessing the company's ability to continue as a going concern. Based on the financial reporting frameworks men- tioned, the board should prepare the financial state- ments using the going concern basis of accounting unless the board either intends to liquidate the com- pany or to cease operations, or has no realistic alter- native but to do so. The board should disclose events and circum- stances that may cast significant doubt on the com- pany's ability to continue as a going concern in the financial statements. OUR RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Our objective is to plan and perform the audit as- signment in a manner that allows us to obtain suffi- cient and appropriate audit evidence for our opinion.

[PAGE 465]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F OTHER INFORMATION 465 Our audit has been performed with a high, but not absolute, level of assurance, which means we may not detect all material misstatements, whether due to fraud or error, during our audit. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements. The material- ity affects the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures and the evaluation of the effect of iden- tified misstatements on our opinion. We have exercised professional judgment and have maintained professional scepticism through- out the audit, in accordance with Dutch Standards on Auditing, ethical requirements and independence requirements. Our audit included among others: • Identifying and assessing the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, wheth- er due to fraud or error, designing and perform- ing audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtaining audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opin- ion. The risk of not detecting a material misstate- ment resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve col- lusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepre- sentations, or the override of internal control. • Obtaining an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circum- stances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control. • Evaluating the appropriateness of account- ing policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the board. • Concluding on the appropriateness of the board's use of the going concern basis of ac- counting, and based on the audit evidence ob- tained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the company's ability to con- tinue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the re- lated disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the company to cease to continue as a going concern. • Evaluating the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, includ- ing the disclosures. • Evaluating whether the financial statements rep- resent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation. We are responsible for planning and performing the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate au- dit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an opinion on the financial state- ments. We are also responsible for the direction, su- pervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit. We bear the full re- sponsibility for the auditor’s report. We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and signifi- cant audit findings, including any significant findings in internal control that we identified during our audit. In this respect we also submit an additional report to the audit committee in accordance with Article 11 of the EU Regulation on specific requirements regard- ing statutory audit of public-interest entities. The information included in this additional report is con- sistent with our audit opinion in this auditor's report. We provide the audit committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical require- ments regarding independence, and to communi- cate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our inde- pendence, and where applicable, related safeguards. From the matters communicated with the audit committee, we determine the key audit matters: those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regu- lation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, not com- municating the matter is in the public interest. Amsterdam, February 21, 2025 Deloitte Accountants B.V. M.R. van Leeuwen

[PAGE 466]
OTHER INFORMATION FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 466

[PAGE 467]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F OTHER INFORMATION 467 LIMITED ASSURANCE-REPORT OF THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR ON THE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT To: The Shareholders and Audit Committee of Ferrari N.V. OUR CONCLUSION We have performed a limited assurance engage- ment on the (consolidated) sustainability statement for 2024 of Ferrari N.V. based in Amsterdam (herein- after: the company) included in the section “sustain- ability statements” of the accompanying manage- ment report, including the information incorporated in the sustainability statement by reference (herein- after: the sustainability statement). Based on our procedures performed and the assurance evidence obtained, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the sus- tainability statement is not, in all material respects: • Prepared in accordance with the European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS) as ad- opted by the European Commission and in accor- dance with the double materiality assessment process carried out by the company to identify the information reported pursuant to the ESRS. • Compliant with the reporting requirements pro- vided for in Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 (Taxonomy Regulation). BASIS FOR OUR CONCLUSION We have performed our limited assurance engage- ment on the sustainability statement in accordance with Dutch law, including Dutch Standard 3810N, 'Assurance-opdrachten inzake duurzaamheidsver- slaggeving' (Assurance engagements relating to sustainability reporting) which is a specified Dutch standard that is based on the International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000 (Revised) ’Assurance engagements other than audits or re- views of historical financial information’. Our responsibilities in this regard are further described in the section ‘Our responsibilities for the limited assurance engagement on the sustainability statement’ of our report. We are independent of Ferrari N.V in accor- dance with the ‘Verordening inzake de onafhanke- lijkheid van accountants bij assurance-opdrachten’ (ViO, Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants, a regulation with respect to independence) and other relevant independence regulations in the Netherlands. Furthermore, we have complied with the ‘Verordening gedrags- en beroepsre- gels accountants’ (VGBA, Dutch Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants). The ViO and VGBA are at least as demanding as the International code of ethics for professional accountants (including International independence standards) of the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants (the IESBA Code). We believe that the assurance evidence we have ob- tained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a ba- sis for our conclusion. EMPHASIS OF MATTER Emphasis on the most significant uncertainties affecting the quantitative metrics We draw attention to section ‘Basis for preparation’ of the sustainability statements that identifies the quantitative metrics that are subject to a high level of measurement uncertainty refer to the relevant sections within the disclosure where information about the sources of measurement uncertainty and the assumptions, approximations and judgements the company has made in measuring these in com- pliance with the ESRS. The comparability of sustainability information between entities and over time may be affected by the lack of historical sustainability information in accordance with the ESRS and by the absence of a uniform practice on which to draw, to evaluate and measure this information. This allows for the appli- cation of different, but acceptable, measurement techniques, especially in the initial years. Emphasis on the double materiality assessment process We draw attention to section ‘Statement on due dil- igence’, ‘Interests and views of stakeholders’ and ‘Double Materiality Assessment Methodology’ of the sustainability statement. This disclosure explains future improvements in the ongoing due diligence process and that Ferrari considers double material- ity assessment as an ongoing process. Due diligence is an on-going practice that responds to and may trigger changes in the company’s strategy, busi- ness model, activities, business relationships, oper- ating, sourcing and selling contexts. The double ma- teriality assessment process may also be impacted in time by sector-specific standards to be adopted or developments in stakeholder expectations, regu- latory developments, changes in risk management or new business developments. The sustainability statement may not include every impact, risk and opportunity or additional entity-specific disclosure that each individual stakeholder (group) may consid- er important in its own particular assessment. Our conclusion is not modified in respect of these matters. COMPARATIVE INFORMATION NOT SUBJECT TO ASSURANCE PROCEDURES No reasonable or limited assurance procedures have been performed on the sustainability state- ment of prior year. Consequently, the comparative information in the sustainability statement and there to related disclosures for the year ended December

[PAGE 468]
OTHER INFORMATION FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 468 31, 2024. have not been subject to reasonable or lim- ited assurance procedures. Our conclusion is not modified in respect of this matter. LIMITATIONS TO THE SCOPE OF OUR ASSURANCE ENGAGEMENT In reporting forward-looking information in accor- dance with the ESRS, the Board of Directors of the company is required to prepare the forward-look- ing information on the basis of disclosed assump- tions about events that may occur in the future and possible future actions by the company. The actual outcome is likely to be different since antici- pated events frequently do not occur as expected. Forward-looking information relates to events and actions that have not yet occurred and may never occur. We do not provide assurance on the achiev- ability of this forward-looking information. Our conclusion is not modified in respect of this matter. RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS FOR THE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT The Board of Directors are responsible for the preparation of the sustainability statement in accor- dance with the ESRS, including the double materiali- ty assessment process carried out by the company as the basis for the sustainability statement and dis- closure of material impacts, risks and opportunities in accordance with the ESRS. As part of the prepa- ration of the sustainability statement, the Board of Directors are responsible for compliance with the reporting requirements provided for in Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 (Taxonomy Regulation). Furthermore, the Board of Directors are respon- sible for such internal control as it determines is nec- essary to enable the preparation of the sustainability statement that is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. The Audit Committee responsible for overseeing the sustainability reporting process and approves the double materiality assessment process carried out by the company. Our responsibilities for the limited assurance engagement on the sustainability statement Our responsibility is to plan and perform the lim- ited assurance engagement in a manner that allows us to obtain sufficient appropriate assurance evi- dence for our conclusion. Our assurance engagement is aimed to obtain a limited level of assurance that the sustainability statement is free from material misstatements. The procedures vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent than for a reasonable assurance engagement. Consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a limited assurance engagement is sub- stantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had a reasonable assurance engage- ment been performed. We apply the applicable quality management re- quirements pursuant to the ‘Nadere voorschriften kwaliteitsmanagement’ (NV KM, regulations for qual- ity management) and the International Standard on Quality Management (ISQM) 1 and accordingly maintain a comprehensive system of quality man- agement including documented policies and proce- dures regarding compliance with ethical require- ments, professional standards and other relevant legal and regulatory requirements. Our limited assurance engagement included among others: • Performing inquiries and an analysis of the exter- nal environment and obtaining an understanding of relevant sustainability themes and issues, the characteristics of the company, its activities and the value chain and its key intangible resourc- es in order to assess the double materiality as- sessment process carried out by the company as the basis for the sustainability statement and disclosure of all material sustainability-related impacts, risks and opportunities in accordance with the ESRS. • Obtaining through inquiries a general under- standing of the internal control environment, the company’s processes for gathering and reporting entity-related and value chain infor- mation, the information systems and the com- pany’s risk assessment process relevant to the preparation of the sustainability statement and for identifying the company’s activities, deter- mining eligible and aligned economic activities and prepare the disclosures provided for in Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 (Taxonomy Regulation), without obtaining assurance infor- mation about the implementation, or testing the operating effectiveness, of controls. • Assessing the double materiality assessment process carried out by the company and iden- tifying and assessing areas of the sustainabili- ty statement, including the disclosures provid- ed for in Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 (Taxonomy Regulation) where misleading or unbalanced information or material misstate- ments, whether due to fraud or error, are like- ly to arise (‘selected disclosures’). We designed and performed further assurance procedures aimed at assessing that the sustainability state- ment is free from material misstatements re- sponsive to this risk analysis. • Considering whether the description of the double materiality assessment process in the sustainability statement made by the Board of Directors appears consistent with the process carried out by the company. • Performing analytical review procedures on quantitative information in the sustainability statement, including consideration of data and trends in the information submitted for consol- idation at corporate level. • Assessing whether the company’s methods for developing estimates are appropriate and have

[PAGE 469]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F OTHER INFORMATION 469 been consistently applied for selected disclo- sures. We considered data and trends; however, our procedures did not include testing the data on which the estimates are based or separately developing our own estimates against which to evaluate the Board of Director’s estimates. • Analysing, on a limited sample basis, relevant in- ternal and external documentation available to the company (including publicly available infor- mation or information from actors throughout its value chain) for selected disclosures. • Reading the other information in the annual re- port to identify material inconsistencies, if any, with the sustainability statement. • Considering whether: • the disclosures provided to address the reporting requirements provided for in Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 (Taxonomy Regulation) for each of the environmental objectives, reconcile with the underlying records of the company, are consistent or coherent with the sustainability statement and appear reasonable, in particular whether the eligible economic activities meet the cumulative conditions to qualify as aligned and whether the technical screening criteria are met; and • the key performance indicators disclosures have been defined and calculated in accordance with the Taxonomy reference framework as defined in Appendix 1 Glossary of Terms of the CEAOB Guidelines on limited assurance on sustainability reporting adopted on 30 September 2024 and in compliance with the reporting requirements provided for in Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 (Taxonomy Regulation), including the format in which the activities are presented. • Considering the overall presentation, structure and the fundamental qualitative characteristics of information (relevance and faithful represen- tation: complete, neutral and accurate) reported in the sustainability statement, including the re- porting requirements provided for in Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 (Taxonomy Regulation). • Considering, based on our limited assurance procedures and evaluation of the assurance evidence obtained, whether the sustainability statement as a whole is free from material mis- statements and prepared in accordance with the ESRS. Amsterdam, February 21, 2025 Deloitte Accountants B.V. M.R. van Leeuwen

[PAGE 474]
NOTES FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F 474 (1) The Patent Box regime firstly intro- duced by the Italian Law No. 190/2014 was implemented by the Group from 2020 to 2024, recognizing the tax ben- efit over three annual installments. The new Patent Box regime regulated by Law Decree No. 146, effective from October 22, 2021, provides for a 110% super tax deduction for costs relating to eligible intangible assets and allows for a transitional period where both regimes coexist. (2) The Diversity Policy is applicable to all board members of Ferrari N.V., ac- cording to Dutch law, and it is drafted taking into account the interests of the Board of Directors itself. (3) We identify our clients as Ferraristi. (4) “EFRAG IG 1: Materiality assessment implementation guidance”. (5) For the fiscal year 2023, the Non-fi- nancial statement was implemented on the basis of the GRI Standards. (6) Maranello production facility is com- posed of the main offices, production buildings, and the adjacent Fiorano track (of approximately 3 thousand meters). (7) At present, our Environmental Prac- tice does not cover adaptation to climate change. (8) We do not have a net-zero target, but only a carbon neutrality one. (9) Istituto Superiore per la Protezione e la Ricerca Ambientale - ISPRA. (10) No stakeholders were involved in the definition of environmental targets. (11) The companies reported in the para- graph “Scope of consolidation”. (12) The gross Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions do not include any removals, or any purchased, sold or transferred carbon credits or GHG allowances. (13) Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the Euro- pean Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment, and amending Regulation (EU) 2019/2088. (14) • Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 of 4 June 2021 supple- menting Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council by establishing the technical screening criteria for determining the conditions under which an economic activity qualifies as contributing sub- stantially to climate change mitigation or climate change adaptation and for determining whether that economic activity causes no significant harm to any of the other environmental objec- tives. In June 2023, the Commission approved new criteria for economic activities contributing to the remain- ing 4 environmental objectives (in addition to the first two objectives of climate change mitigation and adapta- tion to climate change) and amend- ments to delegated climate acts. With reference to this reporting exercise, only the verification of applicability (c.d. eligibility) is required for these remaining 4 objectives. • Commission Delegated Regula- tion (EU) 2023/2485 of June 27, 2023 amending Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 establishing addition- al technical screening criteria for determining the conditions under which certain economic activities qualify as contributing substantially to climate change mitigation or climate change adaptation and for determin- ing whether those activities cause no significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives. • Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2486 of June 27,2023 sup- plementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council by establishing the technical screening criteria for determining the conditions under which an econom- ic activity qualifies as contributing substantially to the sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources, to the transition to a circu- lar economy, to pollution prevention and control, or to the protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosys- tems and for determining whether that economic activity causes no significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives and amending Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178 as regards specific public disclosures for those economic activities. NOTES

[PAGE 475]
FERRARI N.V. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20-F NOTES 475 (15) Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178 of 6 July 2021 supple- menting Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council by specifying the content and presentation of information to be dis- closed by undertakings subject to Ar- ticles 19a or 29a of Directive 2013/34/ EU concerning environmentally sustainable economic activities, and specifying the methodology to comply with that disclosure obligation. (16) The financial data included in these KPIs are a portion of group net rev- enues included in the Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 4 and “Financial Overview—Results of Operations” sections. (17) EL – Eligible, Taxonomy-eligible ac- tivity for the relevant environmental objective; N/EL – Not eligible, Taxon- omy-non-eligible activity for the rele- vant environmental objective. The “code” constitutes the abbre- viation of the relevant objective to which the economic activity is eligible to make a substantial contribution, as well as the section number of the activity in the relevant Annex covering the objective, i.e.: Climate Change Mitigation: CCM; Climate Change Ad- aptation: CCA; Water and Marine Re- sources: WTR; Circular Economy: CE; Pollution Prevention and Control: PPC; Biodiversity and ecosystems: BIO. (18) The financial data included in these KPIs are a portion of group Capital Expenditures included in the Consol- idated Financial Statements, notes 14 and 15. (19) EL – Eligible, Taxonomy-eligible ac- tivity for the relevant environmental objective; N/EL – Not eligible, Taxon- omy-non-eligible activity for the rele- vant environmental objective. The “code” constitutes the abbre- viation of the relevant objective to which the economic activity is eligible to make a substantial contribution, as well as the section number of the activity in the relevant Annex covering the objective, i.e.: Climate Change Mitigation: CCM; Climate Change Ad- aptation: CCA; Water and Marine Re- sources: WTR; Circular Economy: CE; Pollution Prevention and Control: PPC; Biodiversity and ecosystems: BIO. (20) The financial data included in these KPIs are a portion of group Operating Expenditures included in the Consoli- dated Financial Statements. (21) EL – Eligible, Taxonomy-eligible ac- tivity for the relevant environmental objective; N/EL – Not eligible, Taxon- omy-non-eligible activity for the rele- vant environmental objective. The “code” constitutes the abbre- viation of the relevant objective to which the economic activity is eligible to make a substantial contribution, as well as the section number of the activity in the relevant Annex covering the objective, i.e.: Climate Change Mitigation: CCM; Climate Change Ad- aptation: CCA; Water and Marine Re- sources: WTR; Circular Economy: CE; Pollution Prevention and Control: PPC; Biodiversity and ecosystems: BIO. (22) Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022_1214 of 9 March 2022. (23) Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals. (24) It refers to Ferrari S.p.A.. (25) All MDR-P applied for “Approval of auxiliary and direct materials, storage management” refers also to “CMR mixture/substances derogation”. (26) Categories: respiratory sensitisation category 1, skin sensitisation cate- gory 1, specific target organ toxicity, repeated exposure categories 1 and 2 and specific target organ toxicity, single exposure categories 1 and 2. (27) The statistical data is based on in- formation included in the following website: https://www.fairfaxcounty. gov/plan2build/waste-stream-calcu- lation-worksheet-nonresidential-uses. (28) Lifespans of passenger cars in Europe: empirical modelling of fleet turnover dynamics - Maximilian Held, Nicolas Rosat, Gil Georges, Hermann Pengg & Konstantinos Boulouchos – European Transport Research Review. (29) The calculation of the recyclability rates is in accordance with the stan- dard ISO 22628: 2002. (30) Supervisor who is in charge of the employees of a department. (31) One Ferrari Performance and Feed- back process refers to our perfor- mance management process. (32) For more information, please refer to “S3—Affected communities—Our actions”. (33) Managerial positions refer to “Manag- ers and Senior Managers” and “Middle Managers”. (34) These policies are part of “Quality, safety and environment” integrated policy for Ferrari S.p.A. and part of “Environmental, Safety, Quality and Sustainability” integrated policy for Mugello Circuit S.p.A.. (35) Drive Sustainability is a partnership between leading automotive compa- nies. The mission of the partnership is to work together to improve the social, ethical and environmental perfor- mance of automotive supply chains. (36) Suppliers delivering components/ma- terials used in the production of our sports cars. (37) As of the date of the publication of this Statement, Ferrari has not carried out any assessment on client’s categories. (38) Within the risk assessment carried out by the Compliance function, the definition of function is a specific area of activity or responsibility within the organization based on the type of work performed or the goals to be achieved. (39) The activity refers to all direct suppliers and Ferrari S.p.A. indirect suppliers. For the other subsidiaries it applies if the order is above the threshold of Euro 150 thousand. (40) The questionnaire is administered per plant, so if a supplier has several plants (or factories), each of them must complete its own questionnaire. (41) Suppliers delivering components/ma- terials used in the production of our sports cars. (42) In line with the European Commis- sion Recommendation 2003/361/CE, we consider as SMEs the companies that do not exceed two out of three of the following thresholds for two con- secutive years: number of employees >250, turnover > € 50 million, and total assets > €43million. (43) The total annual remuneration of the CEO includes all remuneration components (such as fixed remuner- ation, variable remuneration in cash (bonus), the share-based portion of the remuneration (value of the share-based payment is determined at the time of allocation in line with the applicable regulations under IFRS Accounting Standards), social premi- ums, pension, expense allowance, et cetera), as included in the (consolidat- ed) financial statements on an IFRS Accounting Standards basis. (44) () The average annual remuneration of the employees is determined by dividing the total wage costs in the financial year (as included in the (con- solidated) financial statements on an IFRS Accounting Standards basis) by the average number of FTEs during the financial year. Hiring of external employees is taken into account on a pro rata basis, insofar as these are hired for at least three months during the financial year.