[PAGE 2]
Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index 001 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR Contents 001 Contents 002 Editorial Policy/Contact Us 003 SUBARU’s Vision - Delivering happiness to all - SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy 004 Message from the President 007 The Subaru Group’s CSR Social 080 Respect for Human Rights 083 Quality: Automotive Business 086 Quality: Aerospace Business 088 Making Safe Vehicles 095 Human Resources 095 Human Resource Development 095 Training and Education 097 Diversity 099 Occupational Health and Safety 101 Health Management 103 Work-Life Balance 105 Labor-Management Communication 105 Employee Data 107 Customers 111 CSR Procurement 115 Community Engagement Governance 123 Corporate Governance 140 Compliance 144 Risk Management Environment 032 Environmental Management 043 Environmentally Friendly Automobiles 049 Climate Change 058 Resource Recycling 062 Water Resources 064 Biodiversity 069 Prevention of Pollution 071 FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Appendix 151 Corporate Overview 155 Third-party Evaluations 156 Third-party Opinion on the SUBARU Sustainability Report GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index 159 GRI Content Index 177 TCFD Content Index

[TABLE] Contents | Message The Subaru Group’s Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 001
from the President CSR TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Contents
001 Contents Social Governance
002 Editorial Policy/Contact Us
003 SUBARU’s Vision 080 Respect for Human Rights 123 Corporate Governance
- Delivering happiness to all -
083 Quality: Automotive Business 140 Compliance
SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy
086 Quality: Aerospace Business 144 Risk Management
004 Message from the President 088 Making Safe Vehicles
Appendix
007 The Subaru Group’s CSR 095 Human Resources
095 Human Resource Development
Environment 095 Training and Education 151 Corporate Overview
097 Diversity 155 Third-party Evaluations
032 Environmental Management 099 Occupational Health and Safety 156 T hird-party Opinion on the SUBARU
043 Environmentally Friendly Automobiles 101 Health Management Sustainability Report
049 Climate Change 103 Work-Life Balance
058 Resource Recycling 105 Labor-Management Communication GRI Content Index/
062 Water Resources 105 Employee Data TCFD Content Index
064 Biodiversity 107 Customers
069 Prevention of Pollution 111 CSR Procurement
159 GRI Content Index
071 F YE March 2021 Environmental 115 Community Engagement
177 TCFD Content Index
Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[PAGE 3]
Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index 002 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR Editorial Policy Contact Us The Subaru Group (SUBARU CORPORATION and all its subsidiaries) seeks to become a company that is trusted by society by fulfilling its social responsibility as a corporate group, aiming for sustainable growth and contributing to the creation of an enjoyable, sustainable society. With this in mind, SUBARU has renamed this report from the CSR Report to the Sustainability Report, taking effect in 2021. This report, in line with the SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy, outlines the Subaru Group’s approach, targets, and initiatives for sustainability. It aims to promote communication with our stakeholders, including customers, shareholders, business partners, local communities, and employees, and to further enhance our sustainability-related initiatives. The descriptions contained in this report regarding SUBARU’s product specifications and equipment refer to Japanese specifications, unless otherwise stated. SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Promotion Department Ebisu Subaru Bldg. 1-20-8, Ebisu, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo 150-8554, Japan Scope of Reporting In principle, the report covers the Subaru Group (SUBARU CORPORATION and all its subsidiaries). In this report, the “Subaru Group” or “the Group” refers to the Subaru Group; “SUBARU” refers to SUBARU CORPORATION; “affiliated companies (affiliates)” refers to SUBARU’s subsidiaries in Japan and overseas, including dealerships in the Automotive Business; and “Group companies” refers to SUBARU’s subsidiaries in Japan, excluding dealerships in the Automotive Business. Reporting Period • In principle, this report covers FYE March 2021 (April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021); however, some information listed is from outside this reporting period. * The departments, titles, etc. of the people introduced in this report are as of the time of writing. Guidelines Referenced • GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards • Environmental Reporting Guidelines 2018 by the Ministry of the Environment, Japan • Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Recommended Disclosure Items Period Issued • Previous issue: August 2020 • Current issue: October 2021 • Next scheduled issue: August 2022 Special Notice on Prospects This report includes a variety of statements regarding the prospects, plans, forecasts, etc. for the future of SUBARU and the Subaru Group member companies. Since the statements contained here are based on past events and available information at the time of this report’s drafting, please note that outcomes may differ from forecasts depending on future economic trends, the Group’s business environment, and other factors.

[TABLE] Contents | Message The Subaru Group’s Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 002
from the President CSR TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Editorial Policy Contact Us
The Subaru Group (SUBARU CORPORATION and all its subsidiaries) seeks to become a company that is trusted by society by SUBARU CORPORATION
fulfilling its social responsibility as a corporate group, aiming for sustainable growth and contributing to the creation of an Sustainability Promotion Department
enjoyable, sustainable society. Ebisu Subaru Bldg. 1-20-8, Ebisu, Shibuya-ku,
With this in mind, SUBARU has renamed this report from the CSR Report to the Sustainability Report, taking effect in 2021. Tokyo 150-8554, Japan
This report, in line with the SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy, outlines the Subaru Group’s approach, targets, and initiatives for
sustainability. It aims to promote communication with our stakeholders, including customers, shareholders, business partners, local
communities, and employees, and to further enhance our sustainability-related initiatives. The descriptions contained in this report
regarding SUBARU’s product specifications and equipment refer to Japanese specifications, unless otherwise stated.
Scope of Reporting Guidelines Referenced
In principle, the report covers the Subaru Group (SUBARU • GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards
CORPORATION and all its subsidiaries). In this report, the • Environmental Reporting Guidelines 2018 by the Ministry of
“Subaru Group” or “the Group” refers to the Subaru Group; the Environment, Japan
“SUBARU” refers to SUBARU CORPORATION; “affiliated
• Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
companies (affiliates)” refers to SUBARU’s subsidiaries in Japan
Recommended Disclosure Items
and overseas, including dealerships in the Automotive Business;
and “Group companies” refers to SUBARU’s subsidiaries in
Period Issued
Japan, excluding dealerships in the Automotive Business.
• Previous issue: August 2020
Reporting Period • Current issue: October 2021
• In principle, this report covers FYE March 2021 (April 1, 2020 • Next scheduled issue: August 2022
to March 31, 2021); however, some information listed is from
outside this reporting period. Special Notice on Prospects
This report includes a variety of statements regarding the
* The departments, titles, etc. of the people introduced in this report are as of the prospects, plans, forecasts, etc. for the future of SUBARU and the
time of writing.
Subaru Group member companies. Since the statements
contained here are based on past events and available information
at the time of this report’s drafting, please note that outcomes
may differ from forecasts depending on future economic trends,
the Group’s business environment, and other factors.

[PAGE 4]
Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index 003 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy SUBARU’s Vision - Delivering happiness to all - Until recently, the Subaru Group promoted various initiatives in line with its CSR Policy, revised in June 2009. However, to cope with changes in the social environment and in relationships with our stakeholders, we established the “SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy” in April 2020 as a guideline to be shared by all Group employees on a global basis. This policy is applied to SUBARU CORPORATION and all its subsidiaries. In the mid-term management vision progress briefing announced in May 2021, we integrated our principles into three key pillars. Our corporate statement is “We aim to be a compelling company with a strong market presence built upon our customer-first principle.” The value we deliver to our customers is “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind.” This is a value we must deliver to our customers in order to evolve the SUBARU Difference that is unwavering amid changing times and changing external environments, and in order to heighten our brand. Our vision is “Delivering happiness to all.” We established this vision when we changed our company name to SUBARU CORPORATION. This vision has come to us from watching what our customers do: we learned what SUBARU should do from our customers. We will continue to pursue our goal of delivering happiness to people, society, and even Earth. SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy We, the Subaru Group, are committed to sustainable business practices designed to promote harmony between people, society and the environment in the following ways: 1. Through our business activities, we will contribute to the resolution of various social issues, including the protection of the global environment, and to the creation of a sustainable society. 2. Respecting the quality and originality of our products, we will continue to provide Subaru’s unique value using advanced technologies, and enrich the lives of all those involved with the Subaru Group. 3. As a good corporate citizen in the international community, we respect human rights, diverse values and individuality, and treat all stakeholders with sincerity in every interaction. 4. We strive to maintain and advance the workplace environment so that employees can work safely in peace, and with a sense of satisfaction. 5. We respect international rules and the laws and regulations of each country and region, as well as local culture and customs, and pursue fair and transparent corporate governance. 6. We make use of dialogue with stakeholders to make management decisions, and disclose corporate information in a timely and proper manner. Vision Delivering happiness to all. Value statement “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” Corporate statement We aim to be a compelling company with a strong market presence built upon our customer-first principle.

[TABLE] Contents | Message The Subaru Group’s Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 003
from the President CSR TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] SUBARU’s Vision SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy
- Delivering happiness to all -
In the mid-term management vision progress briefing announced in May 2021, we integrated our Until recently, the Subaru Group promoted various initiatives in line with its CSR Policy, revised in
principles into three key pillars. June 2009. However, to cope with changes in the social environment and in relationships with our
Our corporate statement is “We aim to be a compelling company with a strong market stakeholders, we established the “SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy” in April 2020 as a
presence built upon our customer-first principle.” guideline to be shared by all Group employees on a global basis.
The value we deliver to our customers is “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind.” This is a value we This policy is applied to SUBARU CORPORATION and all its subsidiaries.
must deliver to our customers in order to evolve the SUBARU Difference that is unwavering amid
changing times and changing external environments, and in order to heighten our brand.
Our vision is “Delivering happiness to all.” We established this vision when we changed our
company name to SUBARU CORPORATION. This vision has come to us from watching what our
SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy
customers do: we learned what SUBARU should do from our customers.
We will continue to pursue our goal of delivering happiness to people, society, and even Earth.
We, the Subaru Group, are committed to sustainable business practices designed to
promote harmony between people, society and the environment in the following ways:
1. T hrough our business activities, we will contribute to the resolution of various social
issues, including the protection of the global environment, and to the creation of a
sustainable society.
Vision 2. Respecting the quality and originality of our products, we will continue to provide
Subaru’s unique value using advanced technologies, and enrich the lives of all those
Delivering happiness to all.
involved with the Subaru Group.
3. As a good corporate citizen in the international community, we respect human
rights, diverse values and individuality, and treat all stakeholders with sincerity in
Value statement every interaction.
“Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” 4. We strive to maintain and advance the workplace environment so that employees can
work safely in peace, and with a sense of satisfaction.
5. W e respect international rules and the laws and regulations of each country and
Corporate statement region, as well as local culture and customs, and pursue fair and transparent
corporate governance.
We aim to be a compelling company with a strong
6. W e make use of dialogue with stakeholders to make management decisions, and
market presence built upon our customer-first principle.
disclose corporate information in a timely and proper manner.

[PAGE 5]
004 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Changing environmental and social issues, and accelerating our work to fulfill SUBARU’s vision Addressing dramatic environmental changes Three years have passed since the announcement of mid- term management vision “STEP,” our vision for 2025. During this time, we have seen change in our environment at an unexpected pace. For the automotive industry, this is without a doubt a once-in-a-century period of transformation, calling for not only action taken toward climate change and other environmental issues, but also toward society’s demands that we work to achieve the SDGs and toward technological innovation in the CASE *1 domain. Beyond that, the global pandemic of COVID-19 is driving a faster transition toward new work styles, bringing into question the value that corporations bring to society, and their posture as well. With the onset of the pandemic, the Subaru Group was swift to establish the Coronavirus Countermeasure Headquarters and strives to prevent the spread of infection and ensure safety as it continues its business activities. We have also worked to bolster our IT infrastructure and implement work style reforms in the era of the new normal, such as abolishing mandatory core hours in our flex-time system and taking other action to better our work rules. Going forward, we will continue to pay close attention to COVID-19 as we focus on ensuring the safety of our stakeholders, while simultaneously harnessing the positives in the many changes brought about by the virus, answering the expectations of our customers and the market. *1 CASE: Connected, Autonomous, Shared & Service, Electric Tomomi Nakamura Representative Director of the Board, President and CEO Evolving the SUBARU Difference to become a company “delivering happiness to all” Message from the President

[TABLE] Contents | Message
from the President | The Subaru Group’s Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 004
CSR TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Message from the President
Changing environmental and social
issues, and accelerating our work to
Evolving the SUBARU Difference
fulfill SUBARU’s vision
to become a company
Addressing dramatic environmental changes
“delivering happiness to all” Three years have passed since the announcement of mid-
term management vision “STEP,” our vision for 2025. During
this time, we have seen change in our environment at an
unexpected pace. For the automotive industry, this is without
a doubt a once-in-a-century period of transformation, calling
for not only action taken toward climate change and other
environmental issues, but also toward society’s demands that
we work to achieve the SDGs and toward technological
innovation in the CASE*1 domain.
Beyond that, the global pandemic of COVID-19 is driving a
faster transition toward new work styles, bringing into question
the value that corporations bring to society, and their posture
as well.
With the onset of the pandemic, the Subaru Group was swift
to establish the Coronavirus Countermeasure Headquarters and
Tomomi Nakamura
strives to prevent the spread of infection and ensure safety as it
continues its business activities. We have also worked to bolster
Representative Director of the Board,
our IT infrastructure and implement work style reforms in the era
President and CEO
of the new normal, such as abolishing mandatory core hours in
our flex-time system and taking other action to better our work
rules. Going forward, we will continue to pay close attention to
COVID-19 as we focus on ensuring the safety of our stakeholders,
while simultaneously harnessing the positives in the many changes
brought about by the virus, answering the expectations of our
customers and the market.
*1 CASE: Connected, Autonomous, Shared & Service, Electric

[PAGE 6]
005 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Promoting CSR initiatives under our mid-term management vision “STEP” For the past three years, the Subaru Group has been working in unison to advance three priority initiatives under the mid- term management vision “STEP”—corporate culture reforms, quality reforms, and evolving the SUBARU Difference. I feel that our down-to-earth efforts under the slogan of “change mindset, change actions, change the company” have led to real, palpable progress. We have also expanded our work and our systems toward meeting expectations on the Subaru Group’s social responsibility and its contributions toward a sustainable society. At the Subaru Group, we are actively taking measures toward CSR with a focus on the Six Priority Areas *2 for CSR. These measures are aimed at leveraging SUBARU’s strengths to find solutions to social problems, aiming to make the creation of a sustainable society and the continuous growth of the Subaru Group compatible. In FYE March 2021, we clarified the SDGs that we contribute to in each of the aforementioned Six Priority Areas for CSR. For the future, we will continue to seek to build an enjoyable, sustainable society alongside society and our customers while contributing to the achievement of the SDGs and treasuring the SUBARU Difference. *2 The six areas of People-oriented Car Culture, Resonance and Coexistence, Peace of Mind, Diversity, Environment, Compliance Steadily advancing in CSR initiatives embodying the SUBARU Difference Consistent progress in the Six Priority Areas for CSR In order to contribute to solutions to social issues through our business activities and to understand changes in society and the world, it is important to promote and instill CSR initiatives on a global and Group-wide basis. To that end, we established the SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy in April 2020 as a guideline to be shared by all Group employees on a global basis, and accelerated our efforts in the Six Priority Areas for CSR. Among these six areas is Peace of Mind; we are continuing to implement quality reforms here, one of the most important topics of the mid-term management vision “STEP.” Quality is an important source of underpinning strength for the SUBARU brand, as well as a source of added value that we can provide to our customers. Therefore, we have taken steps to ensure a thorough mindset among each of our employees toward placing the highest priority on quality and to strengthen our systems, both serving as foundations for the priority area of quality reform. We are also working toward quality reforms in the two-pronged approach of reforming built-in quality, which is the source of the development process that spans from initial exploratory stages to development and design, and reforming manufacturing quality, where we work to take rapid action and to prevent defects reaching the public in domains after the production preparation stage. While both of these approaches are seeing steady progress, we are not yet done with our work. We will continue to march forward with these so that our customers and the market can see as soon as possible that there are fewer defects and quicker responses from SUBARU. We are also taking sincere action toward zero fatal accidents *3 by 2030, and have made some steady progress toward this goal. Safety and peace of mind represent two of SUBARU’s strengths, and by using our EyeSight preventive safety system and Subaru Global Platform, we have improved the passive safety performance of our vehicles. As a result, of the nearly 3,000 fatal traffic accidents each year in Japan, the number of these involving SUBARU vehicles equipped with EyeSight is decreasing each and every year. In 2019, there were three such fatal accidents *4 involving SUBARU registered vehicles that were first registered within the past five years. This represents our contribution to Target 3.6 of the SDGs: “By 2020, halve the number of global deaths and injuries from road traffic accidents.” The new SUBARU Levorg released in 2020 is equipped with the next-generation EyeSight system, featuring further-evolved safety functions from the original EyeSight release. Also, we have strengthened our connected safety, dispatching emergency rescue in the event of a serious accident. In the future, we will further evolve this intelligence and combine advanced sensing technologies with the judgment-making capability of AI,

[TABLE] Contents | Message
from the President | The Subaru Group’s Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 005
CSR TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Promoting CSR initiatives under our mid-term Steadily advancing in CSR initiatives
management vision “STEP” embodying the SUBARU Difference
For the past three years, the Subaru Group has been working
Consistent progress in the Six Priority Areas for CSR
in unison to advance three priority initiatives under the mid-
term management vision “STEP”—corporate culture reforms, In order to contribute to solutions to social issues through our
quality reforms, and evolving the SUBARU Difference. I feel business activities and to understand changes in society and
that our down-to-earth efforts under the slogan of “change the world, it is important to promote and instill CSR initiatives
mindset, change actions, change the company” have led to on a global and Group-wide basis. To that end, we
real, palpable progress. We have also expanded our work and established the SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy in April
our systems toward meeting expectations on the Subaru 2020 as a guideline to be shared by all Group employees on a
Group’s social responsibility and its contributions toward a global basis, and accelerated our efforts in the Six Priority
sustainable society. At the Subaru Group, we are actively taking Areas for CSR. We are also taking sincere action toward zero fatal
measures toward CSR with a focus on the Six Priority Areas*2 for Among these six areas is Peace of Mind; we are continuing to accidents*3 by 2030, and have made some steady progress
CSR. These measures are aimed at leveraging SUBARU’s implement quality reforms here, one of the most important topics toward this goal. Safety and peace of mind represent two of
strengths to find solutions to social problems, aiming to make of the mid-term management vision “STEP.” Quality is an SUBARU’s strengths, and by using our EyeSight preventive
the creation of a sustainable society and the continuous growth important source of underpinning strength for the SUBARU safety system and Subaru Global Platform, we have improved
of the Subaru Group compatible. In FYE March 2021, we brand, as well as a source of added value that we can provide to the passive safety performance of our vehicles. As a result, of
clarified the SDGs that we contribute to in each of the our customers. Therefore, we have taken steps to ensure a the nearly 3,000 fatal traffic accidents each year in Japan, the
aforementioned Six Priority Areas for CSR. For the future, we will thorough mindset among each of our employees toward number of these involving SUBARU vehicles equipped with
continue to seek to build an enjoyable, sustainable society placing the highest priority on quality and to strengthen our EyeSight is decreasing each and every year. In 2019, there
alongside society and our customers while contributing to the systems, both serving as foundations for the priority area of were three such fatal accidents*4 involving SUBARU
achievement of the SDGs and treasuring the SUBARU quality reform. We are also working toward quality reforms in registered vehicles that were first registered within the past
Difference. the two-pronged approach of reforming built-in quality, which five years. This represents our contribution to Target 3.6 of
is the source of the development process that spans from initial the SDGs: “By 2020, halve the number of global deaths and
*2 The six areas of People-oriented Car Culture, Resonance and Coexistence, Peace
of Mind, Diversity, Environment, Compliance exploratory stages to development and design, and reforming injuries from road traffic accidents.” The new SUBARU Levorg
manufacturing quality, where we work to take rapid action and released in 2020 is equipped with the next-generation
to prevent defects reaching the public in domains after the EyeSight system, featuring further-evolved safety functions
production preparation stage. While both of these approaches from the original EyeSight release. Also, we have
are seeing steady progress, we are not yet done with our work. strengthened our connected safety, dispatching emergency
We will continue to march forward with these so that our rescue in the event of a serious accident. In the future, we will
customers and the market can see as soon as possible that further evolve this intelligence and combine advanced sensing
there are fewer defects and quicker responses from SUBARU. technologies with the judgment-making capability of AI,

[PAGE 7]
006 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index improving safety in all situations. For the environment, we consider protecting SUBARU’s fields of business—the global environment comprising earth, sky and nature—as an important topic for ensuring the sustainability of both SUBARU and society as a whole. To contribute to building a sustainable society, we have formulated our medium-term Environment Action Plan 2030, and have announced our milestones toward product electrification on the way to achieving carbon neutrality by 2050 at a technology briefing in January 2020. Over the short term, SUBARU expects to increase its ratio of electric and hybrid vehicles (EVs and HEVs), and motors are expected to be replaced with electric motors in the future. Even in this era of EVs, SUBARU’s superiority in safety performance will remain; we believe we can utilize our all-wheel drive (AWD) control knowledge more effectively in motors with higher precision and responsiveness, leading to an even stronger SUBARU Difference of driving stability, dynamics, and enjoyment. In addition, in order for the Subaru Group to continue offering value unique to the brand, we recognize that it is important to respect diversity and to create workplace environments where everyone can make a meaningful contribution. We see “diversity” as a characteristic both of people and products, and we believe that respecting diversity in our employees also leads to diversity in our products. Within employee diversity, I would like to highlight our work in supporting female employees to take on more active roles, an area of particularly high importance domestically in Japan. We were able to achieve our targets increasing the number of female managers ahead of schedule, and have therefore set a new goal to increase the number of female managers to two times 2021 levels by 2025. Within product diversity, we are working to meet the expectations of society as we strengthen our SUBARU Difference even in the era of electrification. One example of these efforts is the mid-2022 launch of the SOLTERRA electric vehicle, jointly developed with Toyota Motor Corporation. *3 Reducing to zero the number of fatal accidents occurring while a driver or passenger in a SUBARU vehicle and the number of fatalities among pedestrians, cyclists, and the like arising from collisions with a SUBARU vehicle. *4 Calculated by SUBARU based on ITARDA data. Unwavering efforts toward respect of human rights In FYE March 2021, we established the Human Rights Policy, which forms the basis of the Six Priority Areas for CSR. As the Subaru Group that “respects the rights and characteristics of individuals,” we have taken actions to respect human rights. Specifically, our human resources and procurement departments have begun due diligence processes identifying human rights risks in our business and formulating and executing countermeasures against them. Going forward, however, we will also work with stakeholders, including business partners in the supply chain, in accordance with the aforementioned policy. I feel we have truly made some strides in the past three years in our CSR initiatives, and that we have succeeded in instilling these in the Subaru Group. From 2014 to 2018, I was on assignment at Subaru of America, Inc. During that time, I was able to experience their initiatives in CSR and human rights, and directly feel the cultural differences between Japan and the United States, which is a multi-ethnic nation. Going forward, I will continue to leverage that experience, face issues head-on, and help us take initiatives embodying the SUBARU Difference on a Group and global level, as we work to achieve our 2025 vision. Delivering happiness to people, society, and even the Earth What we want to become as SUBARU is a company “delivering happiness to all.” This desire is also something we have learned from our customers’ behavior. At SUBARU, we have evolved functional aspects such as safety, durability, and rough-road capability with “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” as the unchanging value we offer our customers. Our efforts here have borne fruit; customers now talk about the value that SUBARU vehicles bring in light of their life experiences. For instance, some have said about our safety that “SUBARU vehicles have fewer accidents and offer more peace of mind when driving around with friends and the people I love.” About durability, others have said “it won’t waste resources; a SUBARU vehicle lasts a long time” and “I can build a lot of memories in my SUBARU with how many years they last.” In other words, the functional value is sublimated into emotional value through the customer’s experience, creating a deep relationship between SUBARU and the customer unlike others. This difference customers sense with SUBARU is a valuable asset for us. We at SUBARU strive to put smiles on our customers’ faces by polishing this SUBARU Difference they sense even further, and to bring those smiles to all our stakeholders, to society, and to the Earth itself. And so, we will continue to maintain dialogue with our stakeholders and strive to always make SUBARU a company you can love. Representative Director of the Board, President and CEO Tomomi Nakamura

[TABLE] Contents | Message
from the President | The Subaru Group’s Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 006
CSR TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Delivering happiness to people, society,
improving safety in all situations. our SUBARU Difference even in the era of electrification. One
and even the Earth
For the environment, we consider protecting SUBARU’s example of these efforts is the mid-2022 launch of the
fields of business—the global environment comprising earth, SOLTERRA electric vehicle, jointly developed with Toyota What we want to become as SUBARU is a company “delivering
sky and nature—as an important topic for ensuring the Motor Corporation. happiness to all.”
sustainability of both SUBARU and society as a whole. To This desire is also something we have learned from our
*3 Reducing to zero the number of fatal accidents occurring while a driver or
contribute to building a sustainable society, we have passenger in a SUBARU vehicle and the number of fatalities among pedestrians, customers’ behavior. At SUBARU, we have evolved functional
cyclists, and the like arising from collisions with a SUBARU vehicle.
formulated our medium-term Environment Action Plan 2030, aspects such as safety, durability, and rough-road capability
*4 Calculated by SUBARU based on ITARDA data.
and have announced our milestones toward product with “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” as the unchanging value
electrification on the way to achieving carbon neutrality by we offer our customers. Our efforts here have borne fruit;
Unwavering efforts toward respect of human rights
2050 at a technology briefing in January 2020. Over the short customers now talk about the value that SUBARU vehicles
term, SUBARU expects to increase its ratio of electric and In FYE March 2021, we established the Human Rights Policy, bring in light of their life experiences. For instance, some have
hybrid vehicles (EVs and HEVs), and motors are expected to be which forms the basis of the Six Priority Areas for CSR. As the said about our safety that “SUBARU vehicles have fewer
replaced with electric motors in the future. Even in this era of Subaru Group that “respects the rights and characteristics of accidents and offer more peace of mind when driving around
EVs, SUBARU’s superiority in safety performance will remain; individuals,” we have taken actions to respect human rights. with friends and the people I love.” About durability, others
we believe we can utilize our all-wheel drive (AWD) control Specifically, our human resources and procurement have said “it won’t waste resources; a SUBARU vehicle lasts a
knowledge more effectively in motors with higher precision departments have begun due diligence processes identifying long time” and “I can build a lot of memories in my SUBARU
and responsiveness, leading to an even stronger SUBARU human rights risks in our business and formulating and with how many years they last.” In other words, the functional
Difference of driving stability, dynamics, and enjoyment. executing countermeasures against them. Going forward, value is sublimated into emotional value through the
In addition, in order for the Subaru Group to continue however, we will also work with stakeholders, including customer’s experience, creating a deep relationship between
offering value unique to the brand, we recognize that it is business partners in the supply chain, in accordance with the SUBARU and the customer unlike others. This difference
important to respect diversity and to create workplace aforementioned policy. customers sense with SUBARU is a valuable asset for us.
environments where everyone can make a meaningful I feel we have truly made some strides in the past three We at SUBARU strive to put smiles on our customers’ faces
contribution. We see “diversity” as a characteristic both of years in our CSR initiatives, and that we have succeeded in by polishing this SUBARU Difference they sense even further,
people and products, and we believe that respecting diversity instilling these in the Subaru Group. From 2014 to 2018, I was and to bring those smiles to all our stakeholders, to society,
in our employees also leads to diversity in our products. Within on assignment at Subaru of America, Inc. During that time, I and to the Earth itself. And so, we will continue to maintain
employee diversity, I would like to highlight our work in was able to experience their initiatives in CSR and human dialogue with our stakeholders and strive to always make
supporting female employees to take on more active roles, an rights, and directly feel the cultural differences between Japan SUBARU a company you can love.
area of particularly high importance domestically in Japan. We and the United States, which is a multi-ethnic nation. Going
were able to achieve our targets increasing the number of forward, I will continue to leverage that experience, face issues
female managers ahead of schedule, and have therefore set a head-on, and help us take initiatives embodying the SUBARU
new goal to increase the number of female managers to two Difference on a Group and global level, as we work to achieve Tomomi Nakamura
times 2021 levels by 2025. Within product diversity, we are our 2025 vision. Representative Director of the Board,
working to meet the expectations of society as we strengthen President and CEO

[PAGE 8]
Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index 007 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR In mid-term management vision “STEP,” which was developed in 2018, we at SUBARU envision becoming a company “delivering happiness to all.” To achieve this vision, we have adopted the “Six Priority Areas for CSR” and will promote initiatives based on the SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy and to fulfill our corporate social responsibilities, thereby providing “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” to our customers and other stakeholders. The Subaru Group aspires to be a truly global company with sustainable growth driven by each and every one of its employees, and to contribute to the realization of an enjoyable, sustainable society. The Subaru Group’s CSR Achieving an Enjoyable and Sustainable Society Sustainable Growth of the Subaru Group Management Resources Development with a focus on individuals Financial capital Manufacturing capital Natural capital Social capital Intellectual capital Human capital Work style changes Advancement of innovation in the auto industry Corporate Statement We aim to be a compelling company with a strong market presence built upon our customer-first principle. Support individuals who take on challenges Enhancing relationships with customers Human resource development Mid-Term Management Vision Three Priorities in STEP Six Priority Areas for CSR Corporate Culture Reforms Quality Enhancement Evolution of the Subaru Difference Revamp “Subaru-making” and respond to changes in the business environment People-oriented Car Culture Resonance and Coexistence Peace of Mind Diversity Environment Compliance Selection and concentration Differentiation + + Added value The Subaru Group’s Unique Business Model Climate change Resource recycling Traffic accidents Respect for human rights Social Issues Delivering Happiness to All Enjoyment and Peace of Mind S u s t a i n a b l e C ir c u l a ri t y S u s t a i n a b l e C ir c u l a ri t y Customer expectations Product value Invest in employee development Respond to new work styles

[TABLE] Message
Contents
from the President | The Subaru Group’s
CSR | Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 007
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] The Subaru Group’s CSR In mid-term management vision “STEP,” which was developed in 2018, we at SUBARU envision becoming a company “delivering happiness to all.” To
achieve this vision, we have adopted the “Six Priority Areas for CSR” and will promote initiatives based on the SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy and to
fulfill our corporate social responsibilities, thereby providing “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” to our customers and other stakeholders. The Subaru Group
aspires to be a truly global company with sustainable growth driven by each and every one of its employees, and to contribute to the realization of an
enjoyable, sustainable society.
and Achieving
Enjoyment and Peace of Mind
Sustainable Enhancing Delivering
Circularity
nable
relationships ai
an ust
S Customer
Enjoyable Financial Product value
expectations
capital
Society Management with S u elbaniats
Resources customers
Manufacturing
capital ytiralucriC
Happiness
Intellectual
Development capital development Human
with a focus on
resource
Subaru Sustainable individuals Human
capital
Support individuals Respond to Invest in employee
who take on challenges new work styles development
Mid-Term Three Priorities Six Priority
Social
Group capital in STEP Areas for CSR
People-oriented Car Culture
Management Corporate Culture Reforms
Resonance and Coexistence
Growth
Natural Peace of Mind Quality Enhancement to
capital Diversity
Environment
Evolution of the Subaru Difference
Vision Revamp “Subaru-making” and respond to changes in the business environment Compliance
All
of Corporate Statement W e aim to be a compelling company with a strong market
presence built upon our customer-first principle.
the
The Subaru Group’s Unique Business Model
Selection and concentration + Differentiation + Added value
Social Issues
Work style Advancement of innovation Climate Resource Traffic Respect for
changes in the auto industry change recycling accidents human rights
[TABLE] Delivering
Happi
[TABLE] nabl
g
relationships ai
ust
S Customer
Product value
expectations
with S
u
elbaniats
customers
ytiralucriC
Devel development Human
with a
resource
indiv
Support individuals Respond to Invest in employee
who take on challenges new work styles development
[TABLE] Financial
capital
[TABLE] opment | Manufacturi
capital
Intellec
capit
[TABLE] focus on
iduals | Hum
capit
[TABLE] ness
to
All | Mid-Term Three Priorities Six Priority
in STEP Areas for CSR
People-oriented Car Culture
Management Corporate Culture Reforms
Resonance and Coexistence
Peace of Mind
Quality Enhancement
Diversity
Environment
Evolution of the Subaru Difference
Vision Revamp “Subaru-making” and respond to changes in the business environment Compliance
Corporate Statement W e aim to be a compelling company with a strong
presence built upon our customer-first principle.
[TABLE] Social
capital
Natural
capital
[TABLE] market
[TABLE] Social Issues

[PAGE 9]
Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index 008 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR CSR Promotion System Initiative for Widespread Adoption of CSR The Subaru Group convenes its Sustainability Committee* twice a year as a venue to discuss our sustainability initiatives and confirms the status of PDCA operation of each related committee and division. The membership of the Sustainability Committee, which is headed by the President and Representative Director, is composed of all executives. The Committee considers business issues from a social perspective and works to strengthen CSR efforts. * Renamed in FYE March 2022 from the CSR Committee. Promoting Group-wide Understanding and Permeation At the Subaru Group, in FYE March 2019, we provided opportunities for executives and managers to think about CSR, hoping to give each of them a deeper understanding of CSR in order to promote initiatives in this area. In FYE March 2020, we expanded these opportunities, introducing them into rank-specific education for new managers, associate managers, and new recruits. In FYE March 2021, we created CSR promotion videos for each division, designed to encourage them to take the lead in promoting deeper understanding. In addition, we started sharing information about the initiative progress and issues in the Six Priority Areas for domestic Group companies. As of FYE March 2022, we are providing opportunities for communication with domestic dealerships and overseas Group companies, and promote Group-wide efforts on a global basis, toward building a sustainable society. In aiming for sustainability of society and the Subaru Group, we believe that it is important we tackle SUBARU’s management issues and improve our management from both financial and non-financial aspects. With this in mind, we invited Professor Masayoshi Miyanaga of Tokyo University of Science’s Graduate School of Management and Managing Director of the World Intellectual Capital/Assets Initiatives (WICI) Japan, for a seminar on integrated thinking management. Participants learned about the history and concepts behind integrated thinking management, and we held a discussion about SUBARU’s vision for the practice as applied to our own organization. CSR Promotional Video Comments from viewers of the SUBARU Group’s CSR Approach • I was reminded that this is a field where there are strong demands to be mindful of CSR in planning, regardless of the topic, and that customers and society call for greater CSR action day by day. I would like to deepen my understanding of the group-wide approach and strategy and contribute to these through my own work. • My own work of designing automobiles is connected to the development and spread of the People-oriented Car Culture CSR priority area. Also, in order for us to carry out our work in collaboration with colleagues having a diverse set of values, we should manage our organization with awareness to Diversity, another of the Six Priority Areas for CSR. • After taking the course, I realized that not only the new things that we are doing, but also the things SUBARU has done are linked to CSR. • Though I feel like it would be difficult, I felt like I could contribute, even if in a small way, if I could work to a standard encouraging social (people/global environment) sustainability in the future. VOICE Content Month/Year Intended Participants CSR Oct 2020 New recruits Nov 2020 New associate managers Nov 2020 New managers Integrated thinking management May 2021 All executives in Japan Seminars Held Board of Directors Executive Management Board Meeting Submission/ reporting Instruction/ approval Sustainability Committee Chair: President and Representative Director Committees Instruction/ approval Environment Committee Social Contribution Committee Corporate Governance Committee Risk Management and Compliance Committee Reporting Review Submission/reporting of important matters etc. CSR Promotion System Seminar on integrated thinking management

[TABLE] Message
Contents
from the President | The Subaru Group’s
CSR | Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 008
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] CSR Promotion System Initiative for Widespread
Adoption of CSR
The Subaru Group convenes its Sustainability Committee* Promoting Group-wide Understanding and Permeation
twice a year as a venue to discuss our sustainability initiatives At the Subaru Group, in FYE March 2019, we provided opportunities
and confirms the status of PDCA operation of each related for executives and managers to think about CSR, hoping to give
committee and division. each of them a deeper understanding of CSR in order to promote
The membership of the Sustainability Committee, which is initiatives in this area. In FYE March 2020, we expanded these
headed by the President and Representative Director, is composed opportunities, introducing them into rank-specific education for
of all executives. The Committee considers business issues from a new managers, associate managers, and new recruits. In FYE
Seminar on integrated thinking management
social perspective and works to strengthen CSR efforts. March 2021, we created CSR promotion videos for each division,
* Renamed in FYE March 2022 from the CSR Committee. designed to encourage them to take the lead in promoting
deeper understanding. In addition, we started sharing
information about the initiative progress and issues in the Six CSR Promotional Video CSR Promotion System
VOICE
Priority Areas for domestic Group companies. As of FYE March Comments from viewers of
Board of Directors 2022, we are providing opportunities for communication with the SUBARU Group’s CSR Approach
domestic dealerships and overseas Group companies, and
• I was reminded that this is a field where there are strong
S re u p b o m rt is in s g ion/ I a n p s p tr r u o c v t a io l n/ Committees promote Group-wide efforts on a global basis, toward building demands to be mindful of CSR in planning, regardless
I a n p s p tr r u o c v t a io l n/ a sustainable society. of the topic, and that customers and society call for
Executive Management Sustainability Committee In aiming for sustainability of society and the Subaru Group, greater CSR action day by day. I would like to deepen
Board Meeting Chair: President and
Representative Director we believe that it is important we tackle SUBARU’s management my understanding of the group-wide approach and
strategy and contribute to these through my own work. Submission/reporting
issues and improve our management from both financial and
Review
Environment non-financial aspects. With this in mind, we invited Professor • My own work of designing automobiles is connected Reporting
Committee
Masayoshi Miyanaga of Tokyo University of Science’s Graduate to the development and spread of the People-oriented
School of Management and Managing Director of the World Car Culture CSR priority area. Also, in order for us to
Social Contribution
carry out our work in collaboration with colleagues
Committee Intellectual Capital/Assets Initiatives (WICI) Japan, for a seminar
having a diverse set of values, we should manage our of
on integrated thinking management. Participants learned about organization with awareness to Diversity, another of the important
Corporate Governance
the history and concepts behind integrated thinking management, Six Priority Areas for CSR.
Committee
and we held a discussion about SUBARU’s vision for the practice matters
• After taking the course, I realized that not only the new
Risk Management as applied to our own organization.
and Compliance things that we are doing, but also the things SUBARU
Committee has done are linked to CSR.
Seminars Held
Content Month/Year Intended Participants • Though I feel like it would be difficult, I felt like I etc.
Oct 2020 New recruits could contribute, even if in a small way, if I could
CSR Nov 2020 New associate managers work to a standard encouraging social (people/global
Nov 2020 New managers environment) sustainability in the future.
Integrated thinking management May 2021 All executives in Japan
[TABLE] VOICE
[TABLE] VOICE
[TABLE] Content | Month/Year | Intended Participants
[TABLE] Oct 2020
[TABLE] Nov 2020
[TABLE] Nov 2020
[TABLE] May 2021

[PAGE 10]
Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index 009 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR Stakeholder Engagement The Subaru Group’s CSR initiatives place importance on the relationship with stakeholders. The Subaru Group believes that disclosing information to stakeholders, engaging in dialogue with them, and reflecting their opinions and requests in the management of the business are all essential. In order to realize its vision of becoming “a compelling company with a strong market presence” as stated in the management philosophy, the Subaru Group will continue to make efforts to gain trust from its stakeholders, and to provide meaningful community engagement while at the same time increasing its corporate value. Stakeholders Communication Method Customers Establish SUBARU Customer Center, implement satisfaction surveys, and hold events. Local communities Encourage traffic safety through safety workshops and traffic guidance. Schedule cleanup activities by employees and hold exchanges with local residents. Shareholders and investors Hold shareholder meetings (annual), issue reports, publish information online. Hold interviews with institutional investors and investor briefings. Hold factory tours. Business partners Hold procurement policy briefings, practice regular exchange of information, and recognize business partners that are making major contributions in technology, quality, etc. Employees Hold labor-management consultations, carry out stress check and employee awareness survey, and conduct educational training by profession and rank. NGOs and NPOs Respond to questionnaires and surveys, implement regional and local community engagement activities, and make donations to support shared philosophies. Governments Participate in economic and industry associations’ conference bodies, and have discussions and exchanges with local governments. Financial institutions Publish information online, provide explanations at account settlement, and hold monthly discussions. Media Hold financial reporting briefings for media and analysts (quarterly), and publish information online. Education and research institutions Implement workplace visits, implement school visit projects at elementary and middle schools, and hold plant tours (about 90,000 visitors annually). Methods to Communicate with Stakeholders at the Subaru Group Subaru Group Media Education and research institutions Customers Local communities Shareholders and investors Business partners Employees NGOs and NPOs Governments Financial institutions People-oriented Car Culture Diversity Resonance and Coexistence Peace of Mind Compliance Environment Subaru Group’s Stakeholders and Their Relationship with the Six Priority Areas for CSR Note: Some activities were not held in FYE March 2021.

[TABLE] Message
Contents
from the President | The Subaru Group’s
CSR | Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 009
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Stakeholder Engagement
The Subaru Group’s CSR initiatives place importance on the Methods to Communicate with Stakeholders at the Subaru Group
relationship with stakeholders. The Subaru Group believes that
Stakeholders Communication Method
disclosing information to stakeholders, engaging in dialogue
with them, and reflecting their opinions and requests in the
Customers Establish SUBARU Customer Center, implement satisfaction surveys, and hold events.
management of the business are all essential. In order to
realize its vision of becoming “a compelling company with a Encourage traffic safety through safety workshops and traffic guidance. Schedule cleanup activities by employees
Local communities
and hold exchanges with local residents.
strong market presence” as stated in the management
philosophy, the Subaru Group will continue to make efforts to Hold shareholder meetings (annual), issue reports, publish information online. Hold interviews with institutional
Shareholders and investors
investors and investor briefings. Hold factory tours.
gain trust from its stakeholders, and to provide meaningful
community engagement while at the same time increasing its Hold procurement policy briefings, practice regular exchange of information, and recognize business partners that
Business partners
are making major contributions in technology, quality, etc.
corporate value.
Hold labor-management consultations, carry out stress check and employee awareness survey, and conduct
Employees
educational training by profession and rank.
Subaru Group’s Stakeholders and Their Relationship
with the Six Priority Areas for CSR NGOs and NPOs Respond to questionnaires and surveys, implement regional and local community engagement activities, and
make donations to support shared philosophies.
Education Participate in economic and industry associations’ conference bodies, and have discussions and exchanges with
Media and research Governments
institutions local governments.
Financial institutions Publish information online, provide explanations at account settlement, and hold monthly discussions.
Financial
institutions People-oriented Customers
Car Culture Media Hold financial reporting briefings for media and analysts (quarterly), and publish information online.
Implement workplace visits, implement school visit projects at elementary and middle schools, and hold plant
Compliance Res a o n n d ance Education and research institutions tours (about 90,000 visitors annually).
Subaru Coexistence Local
Governments Group communities Note: Some activities were not held in FYE March 2021.
Environment Peace of Mind
NGOs Diversity
Shareholders
and
and
NPOs
investors
Business
Employees
partners
[TABLE] Stakeholders | Communication Method
[TABLE] Customers
[TABLE] Local communities
[TABLE] Shareholders and investors
[TABLE] Business partners
[TABLE] Employees
[TABLE] NGOs and NPOs
[TABLE] Governments
[TABLE] Financial institutions
[TABLE] Media
[TABLE] Education and research institutions

[PAGE 11]
Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index 010 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR Stakeholder Engagement Activities Customers The Subaru Group strives to put the Customer First in all of its business activities. By adopting precision, speed, relevance, fairness, impartiality, and kindness as our basic principles of conduct in dealing with customers, we seek to make SUBARU a brand that customers will continue to choose for “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind.” We also feed our customers’ valuable opinions, requests, and comments back to the relevant departments, and use such feedback to improve our quality and products, make proposals, and upgrade our after-sales service. Local Communities SUBARU is promoting communication with people in the communities where it operates, and strives to develop local communities and build relationships of trust. In Ota City, Gunma Prefecture, SUBARU and its business partners joined forces with residents of Ota and its surrounding area to launch the SUBARU Community Exchange Association in 1995 with the aim of promoting regional development and creating a more livable community. The association has since engaged in volunteer, cultural, educational, and civic activities. We also host exchange meetings and events in regions where SUBARU has business and manufacturing sites. Building on these activities, we will continue to conduct other community-based activities, focusing on “environmental activities” and “road safety activities” to respond to contemporary needs. Community Engagement Shareholders SUBARU has conducted plant tours for shareholders since 2004, with the aim of giving shareholders a deeper understanding of our policies and business as well as production activities. Our view is that these are important opportunities for shareholders to see what we do firsthand in places like our production plants and for us to communicate with them. These tours include time for question and answer sessions with Company executives. Opinions and comments received here are shared with the relevant internal stakeholders, including the management team, and utilized in our business and IR activities. Although we suspended new tours in 2020 to help prevent the spread of COVID-19, we intend to take new measures to enhance communication with shareholders going forward while providing consideration to the COVID-19 situation. Dealerships With the aim of unified support of the SUBARU brand alongside dealerships, a variety of initiatives are ongoing for dealerships both inside and outside Japan. Aiming to ensure that the customer-first mindset runs through our quality in particular, SUBARU attaches great importance to dialogue with dealerships, as they are responsible for dealing with customers across the globe. We work to take action that incorporates dealership views and improves customer satisfaction. These include twice-annual technical liaison meetings in Japan, while in overseas markets, we hold twice-annual major dealership service meetings, and block conferences in the CIS, Central Europe, Northern Europe, Southern Europe, Oceania, and Central and South America (in FYE March 2021, all meetings and conferences, domestic and overseas, were held online). Note that in FYE March 2021, some domestic meetings were held online to help prevent the spread of COVID-19; new methods such as archive video distribution were also introduced. Going forward, we will continue to engage in awareness activities, while enhancing the program and extending the duration, among other improvements. Employees Every month, SUBARU publishes an in-house magazine for the purpose of sharing information on corporate policies and initiatives as well as boosting the motivation of employees and promoting communication. In addition to the executive speech relay that has been ongoing since FYE March 2020, we have also launched the general manager dialogue relay for mid-career employees. We have also launched our SUBARU Communication Park on our company network, offering a forum where employees of many different positions can communicate with each other. “cartopia” customer magazine Dealerships newsletter “SPICE magazine” In-house magazine “Shuho” Tour of Gunma Plant (FYE March 2020) Q&A session (FYE March 2020) Tour of Handa Plant, Aerospace Company (FYE March 2020) Gunma Plant: SUBARU Appreciation Festival (FYE March 2020) Utsunomiya Plant: Friendship Festival (FYE March 2020)

[TABLE] Message
Contents
from the President | The Subaru Group’s
CSR | Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 010
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Stakeholder Engagement Activities
Customers community-based activities, focusing on “environmental activities” great importance to dialogue with dealerships, as they are responsible
The Subaru Group strives to put the Customer First in all of its and “road safety activities” to respond to contemporary needs. for dealing with customers across the globe. We work to take action
business activities. By adopting precision, speed, relevance, fairness, Community Engagement that incorporates dealership views and improves customer
impartiality, and kindness as our basic principles of conduct in satisfaction. These include twice-annual technical liaison meetings in
dealing with customers, we seek to make Shareholders Japan, while in overseas markets, we hold twice-annual major
SUBARU a brand that customers will continue SUBARU has conducted plant tours for shareholders since 2004, dealership service meetings, and block conferences in the CIS,
to choose for “Enjoyment and Peace of with the aim of giving shareholders a deeper understanding of our Central Europe, Northern Europe, Southern Europe, Oceania, and
Mind.” We also feed our customers’ valuable policies and business as well as production activities. Central and South America (in FYE March 2021, all meetings and
opinions, requests, and comments back to Our view is that these are important opportunities for shareholders conferences, domestic and overseas, were
the relevant departments, and use such to see what we do firsthand in places like our production plants and held online).
feedback to improve our quality and for us to communicate with them. These tours include time for question Note that in FYE March 2021, some
products, make proposals, and upgrade our and answer sessions with Company executives. Opinions and domestic meetings were held online to help
after-sales service. comments received here are shared with the relevant internal prevent the spread of COVID-19; new
“cartopia” stakeholders, including the management team, and utilized in our methods such as archive video distribution
customer magazine
Local Communities business and IR activities. were also introduced. Going forward, we will
SUBARU is promoting communication with people in the Although we suspended new tours in 2020 to help prevent the continue to engage in awareness activities,
communities where it operates, and strives to develop local spread of COVID-19, we intend while enhancing the program and extending Dealerships newsletter
communities and build relationships of trust. In Ota City, Gunma to take new measures to the duration, among other improvements. “SPICE magazine”
Prefecture, SUBARU and its business partners joined forces with enhance communication with
residents of Ota and its surrounding area to launch the SUBARU shareholders going forward Employees
Community Exchange Association in 1995 with the aim of while providing consideration to Every month, SUBARU publishes an in-house magazine for the
promoting regional development and creating a more livable the COVID-19 situation. Tour of Handa Plant, Aerospace purpose of sharing information on corporate policies and initiatives
Company (FYE March 2020)
community. The association has since engaged in volunteer, as well as boosting the motivation of employees and promoting
cultural, educational, and civic activities. communication.
We also host exchange meetings and events in regions where In addition to the executive speech relay
SUBARU has business and manufacturing sites. that has been ongoing since FYE March
Building on these activities, we will continue to conduct other 2020, we have also launched the general
manager dialogue relay for mid-career
Tour of Gunma Plant (FYE March 2020) Q&A session (FYE March 2020)
employees. We have also launched our
Dealerships
SUBARU Communication Park on our
With the aim of unified support of the SUBARU brand alongside company network, offering a forum where
dealerships, a variety of initiatives are ongoing for dealerships both employees of many different positions can
inside and outside Japan. Aiming to ensure that the customer-first communicate with each other.
Gunma Plant: SUBARU Appreciation Utsunomiya Plant: Friendship Festival (FYE In-house magazine
Festival (FYE March 2020) March 2020) mindset runs through our quality in particular, SUBARU attaches “Shuho”

[PAGE 12]
Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index 011 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR Subaru Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR Process of Identifying the Six Priority Areas for CSR In accordance with SUBARU’s mid-term management vision “STEP,” the Subaru Group established the Six Priority Areas for CSR: People-oriented Car Culture; Resonance and Coexistence; Peace of Mind; Diversity; Environment; and Compliance. To select the priority areas, the Subaru Group first identified 41 CSR priority topics for which social needs were high and then conducted a questionnaire among experts and investors in North America and Japan. The responses and opinions we received were used in an assessment and exploration of these areas from two perspectives: areas in which we can engage the community by leveraging our business strengths, and areas related to the demands of society. As a result, the Subaru Group selected People-oriented Car Culture, Resonance and Coexistence, Peace of Mind, and Diversity as the four areas where SUBARU could engage our communities by leveraging our business strengths, and Peace of Mind, Diversity, Environment, and Compliance as the four areas where the Subaru Group could work to meet the demands of society. Peace of Mind and Diversity appear in both categories, because Peace of Mind is an area in which society’s needs and the strengths of the Subaru Group’s business coincide, while Diversity refers not only to diversity in the community, but also to diversity in a broad sense, including in the products that the Subaru Group offers to customers. In May 2021, SUBARU announced its progress report for mid- term management vision “STEP.” Its priority areas in this vision are fundamentally unchanged. Based on the SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy, SUBARU will promote initiatives in the Six Priority Areas for CSR on a group-wide, global basis with the goal of becoming a company “delivering happiness to all.” People-oriented Car Culture Peace of Mind Diversity Environment Compliance Resonance and Coexistence Priorities specific to SUBARU Society’s expectations Subaru Group SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy SUBARU Areas in which the Company can engage communities by leveraging its business strengths Priority areas selected from the business strategy perspective Areas related to the demands of society Priority areas selected from issues regarded as critical by experts and investors in North America and Japan Six Priority Areas for CSR Board of Directors Executive Management Board Meeting Reflection in management Stakeholders Information disclosure and dialogue Reflecting Subaru Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR in Management

[TABLE] Message
Contents
from the President | The Subaru Group’s
CSR | Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 011
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Subaru Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR
Process of Identifying the Six Priority
opinions we received were used in an assessment and Peace of Mind and Diversity appear in both categories,
Areas for CSR
exploration of these areas from two perspectives: areas in which because Peace of Mind is an area in which society’s needs and
In accordance with SUBARU’s mid-term management vision we can engage the community by leveraging our business the strengths of the Subaru Group’s business coincide, while
“STEP,” the Subaru Group established the Six Priority Areas for strengths, and areas related to the demands of society. As a Diversity refers not only to diversity in the community, but also
CSR: People-oriented Car Culture; Resonance and Coexistence; result, the Subaru Group selected People-oriented Car Culture, to diversity in a broad sense, including in the products that the
Peace of Mind; Diversity; Environment; and Compliance. Resonance and Coexistence, Peace of Mind, and Diversity as the Subaru Group offers to customers.
To select the priority areas, the Subaru Group first four areas where SUBARU could engage our communities by In May 2021, SUBARU announced its progress report for mid-
identified 41 CSR priority topics for which social needs were leveraging our business strengths, and Peace of Mind, Diversity, term management vision “STEP.” Its priority areas in this vision
high and then conducted a questionnaire among experts and Environment, and Compliance as the four areas where the are fundamentally unchanged. Based on the SUBARU Global
investors in North America and Japan. The responses and Subaru Group could work to meet the demands of society. Sustainability Policy, SUBARU will promote initiatives in the Six
Priority Areas for CSR on a group-wide, global basis with the
goal of becoming a company “delivering happiness to all.”
Reflecting Subaru Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR in Management
SUBARU Subaru Group
Six Priority Areas for CSR
Areas in which the Company can
People-oriented Car Culture to Priorities
SUBARU engage communities by
leveraging its business strengths
Resonance and Coexistence
specific Priority areas selected from the
business strategy perspective Information disclosure
Peace of Mind Board of Directors Reflection and dialogue
in management Stakeholders
Executive Management
Diversity expectations Society’s
Board Meeting
Areas related to the demands of
Environment society
Priority areas selected from issues
regarded as critical by experts and
Compliance
investors in North America and Japan
SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy
[TABLE] Subaru Group
Six Priority Areas for CSR
People-oriented Car Culture to Priorities
SUBARU
Resonance and Coexistence
specific
Peace of Mind
Diversity expectations Society’s
Environment
Compliance | Areas in which the Company can
engage communities by
leveraging its business strengths
Priority areas selected from the
business strategy perspective
Areas related to the demands of
society
Priority areas selected from issues
regarded as critical by experts and
investors in North America and Japan
[TABLE] to Priorities
SUBARU
specific
expectations Society’s | People-oriented Car Culture
[TABLE] Resonance and Coexistence
[TABLE] Peace of Mind
[TABLE] Diversity
[TABLE] Environment
[TABLE] Compliance

[PAGE 13]
Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index 012 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR Six Priority Areas for CSR Basic Concepts Visions for 2025 Initiatives and SDGs TOPICS People-oriented Car Culture SUBARU believes that a car is more than just a means of transport. SUBARU will foster a sustainable mobility culture by providing customers with added value in the form of products and services which make the car a partner that enriches people’s lives and minds, while cherishing the human emotions of “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind.” Become a company that enriches people’s lives and minds as a partner. P.13 P.19 Resonance and Coexistence SUBARU will become a company that is trusted by, and resonates and coexists with both individual customers and society as a whole by engaging seriously with their voices through greater person-to-person communication. Become a company that is widely trusted by, resonates and coexists with society. P.14 P.21 Peace of Mind SUBARU will become a company that provides all stakeholders with the utmost peace of mind. Become a company that provides the utmost peace of mind to all stakeholders. P.15 P.23 Diversity The Subaru Group’s approach to promoting diversity has two key elements: offering products that respect diverse forms of market value, and respecting and reflecting the diverse values of all those who work for the Subaru Group. Promote businesses that create diverse forms of market values while respecting the diverse values of all people. P.16 P.25 Environment In order to pass on “the earth, the sky and nature,” Subaru’s fields of business, to future generations, we provide utmost care to the environment with our company-wide activities. Cherish and protect the global environment–the earth, the sky and nature–through Group-wide activities. P.17 P.27 Compliance SUBARU will become a company that operates in accordance with laws, regulations, and societal norms, ensuring that our focus on compliance as a priority permeates throughout and is practiced by all those who work for the Subaru Group. Act in good faith and become a company that is trusted by and resonates with society. P.18 P.29 Six Priority Areas for CSR: Basic Concepts and Vision for 2025

[TABLE] Message
Contents
from the President | The Subaru Group’s
CSR | Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 012
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Six Priority Areas for CSR: Basic Concepts and Vision for 2025
Initiatives
Six Priority Areas for CSR Basic Concepts Visions for 2025 TOPICS
and SDGs
SUBARU believes that a car is more than just a means of transport.
SUBARU will foster a sustainable mobility culture by providing
Become a company that enriches people’s lives and minds as
People-oriented Car Culture customers with added value in the form of products and services which P.13 P.19
a partner.
make the car a partner that enriches people’s lives and minds, while
cherishing the human emotions of “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind.”
SUBARU will become a company that is trusted by, and resonates and
coexists with both individual customers and society as a whole by Become a company that is widely trusted by, resonates and
Resonance and Coexistence P.14 P.21
engaging seriously with their voices through greater person-to-person coexists with society.
communication.
SUBARU will become a company that provides all stakeholders with Become a company that provides the utmost peace of mind
Peace of Mind P.15 P.23
the utmost peace of mind. to all stakeholders.
The Subaru Group’s approach to promoting diversity has two key
elements: offering products that respect diverse forms of market value, Promote businesses that create diverse forms of market
Diversity P.16 P.25
and respecting and reflecting the diverse values of all those who work values while respecting the diverse values of all people.
for the Subaru Group.
In order to pass on “the earth, the sky and nature,” Subaru’s fields of
Cherish and protect the global environment–the earth, the
Environment business, to future generations, we provide utmost care to the P.17 P.27
sky and nature–through Group-wide activities.
environment with our company-wide activities.
SUBARU will become a company that operates in accordance with
laws, regulations, and societal norms, ensuring that our focus on Act in good faith and become a company that is trusted by and
Compliance P.18 P.29
compliance as a priority permeates throughout and is practiced by all resonates with society.
those who work for the Subaru Group.
[TABLE] Six Priority Areas for CSR | Basic Concepts | Visions for 2025 | Initiatives
and SDGs | TOPICS
[TABLE] People-oriented Car Culture | SUBARU believes that a car is more than just a means of transport.
SUBARU will foster a sustainable mobility culture by providing
customers with added value in the form of products and services which
make the car a partner that enriches people’s lives and minds, while
cherishing the human emotions of “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind.” | Become a company that enriches people’s lives and minds as
a partner. | P.13
[TABLE] Resonance and Coexistence | SUBARU will become a company that is trusted by, and resonates and
coexists with both individual customers and society as a whole by
engaging seriously with their voices through greater person-to-person
communication. | Become a company that is widely trusted by, resonates and
coexists with society. | P.14
[TABLE] Peace of Mind | SUBARU will become a company that provides all stakeholders with
the utmost peace of mind. | Become a company that provides the utmost peace of mind
to all stakeholders. | P.15
[TABLE] Diversity | The Subaru Group’s approach to promoting diversity has two key
elements: offering products that respect diverse forms of market value,
and respecting and reflecting the diverse values of all those who work
for the Subaru Group. | Promote businesses that create diverse forms of market
values while respecting the diverse values of all people. | P.16
[TABLE] Environment | In order to pass on “the earth, the sky and nature,” Subaru’s fields of
business, to future generations, we provide utmost care to the
environment with our company-wide activities. | Cherish and protect the global environment–the earth, the
sky and nature–through Group-wide activities. | P.17
[TABLE] Compliance | SUBARU will become a company that operates in accordance with
laws, regulations, and societal norms, ensuring that our focus on
compliance as a priority permeates throughout and is practiced by all
those who work for the Subaru Group. | Act in good faith and become a company that is trusted by and
resonates with society. | P.18

[PAGE 14]
Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index 013 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR The Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) for 2030 are development goals for achieving a sustainable future, and the Subaru Group recognizes the importance of responding to these goals. By clarifying visions for 2025 regarding the Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR, SUBARU will reinforce its efforts in each priority area and make positive contributions toward achieving the SDGs. Specifically, we acknowledge that the Subaru Group’s initiative to achieve a goal of zero fatal traffic accidents* by 2030 contributes to Target 3.6 of the SDGs: “By 2020, halve the number of global deaths and injuries from road traffic accidents.” * Reducing to zero the number of fatal accidents occurring while a driver or passenger in a SUBARU vehicle and the number of fatalities among pedestrians, cyclists, and the like arising from collisions with a SUBARU vehicle. Activities in the Six Priority Areas for CSR in Relation to SDGs Six Priority Areas Relevant Stakeholders Themes Initiatives Visions/KPIs (FYE March 2026 –FYE March 2031) Relevant SDGs FYE March 2021 FYE March 2022–FYE March 2026 People-oriented Car Culture Customers Enjoyment of driving a car Evolution of SUBARU Global Platform and Integration with Intelligent Technology (Achieving a safe and enjoyable driving with peace of mind like a skilled driver) Become a company that enriches people’s lives and minds as a partner. KPI Continue satisfaction surveys. (Improve customer satisfaction.) Providing enjoyment of customization Development of high-quality accessories matched with new models Expansion of the lineup of high-performance, value-added items Enhancing the brand image Promotion of the brand strategy (SUBARU, the Beloved Brand: More than a Car Company) Promotion of marketing activities that match the characteristics of each market Promotion of motorsports and continuation of awareness-raising activities Advancement of Subaru’s “Dynamic x Solid” design identity to “bolder” expression Proposing new forms of mobility Proposing new forms of mobility and researching technology unique to SUBARU Technology development toward realization Local communities Disseminating car culture Dissemination of SUBARU’s manufacturing practice and its endeavors for “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” 11.2 9.1

[TABLE] Message
Contents
from the President | The Subaru Group’s
CSR | Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 013
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Activities in the Six Priority Areas for CSR in Relation to SDGs
The Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) for 2030 are Priority Areas for CSR, SUBARU will reinforce its efforts in 2020, halve the number of global deaths and injuries from road
development goals for achieving a sustainable future, and the each priority area and make positive contributions toward traffic accidents.”
Subaru Group recognizes the importance of responding to achieving the SDGs. Specifically, we acknowledge that the * Reducing to zero the number of fatal accidents occurring while a driver or
these goals. Subaru Group’s initiative to achieve a goal of zero fatal traffic passenger in a SUBARU vehicle and the number of fatalities among pedestrians,
cyclists, and the like arising from collisions with a SUBARU vehicle.
By clarifying visions for 2025 regarding the Group’s Six accidents* by 2030 contributes to Target 3.6 of the SDGs: “By
Relevant Initiatives Visions/KPIs
Six Priority Areas Themes (FYE March 2026 Relevant SDGs
Stakeholders FYE March 2021 FYE March 2022–FYE March 2026 –FYE March 2031)
Evolution of SUBARU Global Platform and Integration with Intelligent Technology
Enjoyment of driving a car
(Achieving a safe and enjoyable driving with peace of mind like a skilled driver)
Development of high-quality accessories matched with new models
Providing enjoyment of
customization
Expansion of the lineup of high-performance, value-added items
Become a company that
Promotion of the brand strategy (SUBARU, the Beloved Brand: More than a Car Company) enriches people’s lives and
Customers minds as a partner. 9.1
People-oriented
Promotion of marketing activities that match the characteristics of each market
Car Culture Enhancing
KPI
the brand image
Continue satisfaction surveys.
Promotion of motorsports and continuation of awareness-raising activities
(Improve customer satisfaction.)
Advancement of Subaru’s “Dynamic x Solid” design identity to “bolder” expression
11.2
Proposing new Proposing new forms of mobility and researching
Technology development toward realization
forms of mobility technology unique to SUBARU
Local
communities Disseminating car culture Dissemination of SUBARU’s manufacturing practice and its endeavors for “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind”
[TABLE] Six Priority Areas | Relevant
Stakeholders | Themes | Initiatives | Visions/KPIs
(FYE March 2026
–FYE March 2031) | Relevant SDGs
[TABLE] FYE March 2021 | FYE March 2022–FYE March 2026
[TABLE] People-oriented
Car Culture | Customers | Evolution of SUBARU Global Platform and Integration with Intelligent Technology
(Achieving a safe and enjoyable driving with peace of mind like a skilled driver) | Become a company that
enriches people’s lives and
minds as a partner.
KPI
Continue satisfaction surveys.
(Improve customer satisfaction.)
[TABLE] Development of high-quality accessories matched with new models
[TABLE] Expansion of the lineup of high-performance, value-added items
[TABLE] Promotion of the brand strategy (SUBARU, the Beloved Brand: More than a Car Company)
[TABLE] Promotion of marketing activities that match the characteristics of each market
[TABLE] Promotion of motorsports and continuation of awareness-raising activities
[TABLE] Advancement of Subaru’s “Dynamic x Solid” design identity to “bolder” expression
[TABLE] Proposing new forms of mobility and researching
technology unique to SUBARU | Technology development toward realization
[TABLE] Local
communities | Dissemination of SUBARU’s manufacturing practice and its endeavors for “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind”

[PAGE 15]
Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index 014 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR Activities in the Six Priority Areas for CSR in Relation to SDGs Six Priority Areas Relevant Stakeholders Themes Initiatives Visions/KPIs (FYE March 2026 –FYE March 2031) Relevant SDGs FYE March 2021 FYE March 2022–FYE March 2026 Resonance and Coexistence Customers Strengthening relationship with customers Enhancement of new ways of connecting with customers through IoT Become a company that is widely trusted by, resonates and coexists with society. KPIs Continue satisfaction surveys. (Improve customer satisfaction.) Enhance connection with customers through IoT. (MySubaru, the next- generation system, telematics) Enhancement of customer loyalty Continuation of customer interaction programs Providing products and services contributing to prosperous lifestyles Establishing a new maintenance system Development of a maintenance system for marketing EVs Business partners Coexistence and mutual prosperity with business partners Building of relationships with business partners with CSR surveys, awareness-raising, and from CSR perspectives Enhancing and strengthening the Group’s telecommuting environment Employees Creating a safe working environment Reinforcement of efforts for occupational health and safety, improvement of plant environments Creation of a safe and rewarding workplace environment, building of a brand that is loved by employees Continuation of production operations and maintenance of employment at each site Utilization of athletic teams, boosting of employee morale Local communities Revitalizing relationships with local communities Reinforcement of community exchange and partnership activities Contribution and relationship-building through sporting activities Contributing to local communities through stronger cooperation with non-profit organizations Community support activities during disasters and pandemics 17.16 11.2

[TABLE] Message
Contents
from the President | The Subaru Group’s
CSR | Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 014
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Activities in the Six Priority Areas for CSR in Relation to SDGs
Relevant Initiatives Visions/KPIs
Six Priority Areas Themes (FYE March 2026 Relevant SDGs
Stakeholders FYE March 2021 FYE March 2022–FYE March 2026 –FYE March 2031)
Enhancement of new ways of connecting with customers through IoT
Enhancement of customer loyalty
Strengthening relationship
with customers
Customers Continuation of customer interaction programs
Providing products and services contributing to prosperous lifestyles
Establishing a new
Development of a maintenance system for marketing EVs
maintenance system
Coexistence and mutual Become a company that is
Business Building of relationships with business partners with CSR surveys, awareness-raising, and from CSR perspectives
partners prosperity with business widely trusted by, resonates
partners and coexists with society.
Enhancing and strengthening the Group’s telecommuting environment
KPIs 11.2
Resonance and
Reinforcement of efforts for occupational health and safety, improvement of plant environments C ontinue satisfaction surveys.
Coexistence
(Improve customer satisfaction.)
Enhance connection with
Creating a safe Creation of a safe and rewarding workplace environment, building of a brand that is loved by employees
Employees customers through IoT.
working environment
(MySubaru, the next-
Continuation of production operations and maintenance of employment at each site generation system, telematics)
17.16
Utilization of athletic teams, boosting of employee morale
Reinforcement of community exchange and partnership activities
Contribution and relationship-building through sporting activities
Local Revitalizing relationships with
communities local communities
Contributing to local communities through stronger cooperation with non-profit organizations
Community support activities during disasters and pandemics
[TABLE] Six Priority Areas | Relevant
Stakeholders | Themes | Initiatives | Visions/KPIs
(FYE March 2026
–FYE March 2031) | Relevant SDGs
[TABLE] FYE March 2021 | FYE March 2022–FYE March 2026
[TABLE] Resonance and
Coexistence | Customers | Enhancement of new ways of connecting with customers through IoT | Become a company that is
widely trusted by, resonates
and coexists with society.
KPIs
C ontinue satisfaction surveys.
(Improve customer satisfaction.)
Enhance connection with
customers through IoT.
(MySubaru, the next-
generation system, telematics)
[TABLE] Enhancement of customer loyalty
[TABLE] Continuation of customer interaction programs
[TABLE] Providing products and services contributing to prosperous lifestyles
[TABLE] Development of a maintenance system for marketing EVs
[TABLE] Business
partners | Building of relationships with business partners with CSR surveys, awareness-raising, and from CSR perspectives
[TABLE] Employees | Enhancing and strengthening the Group’s telecommuting environment
[TABLE] Reinforcement of efforts for occupational health and safety, improvement of plant environments
[TABLE] Creation of a safe and rewarding workplace environment, building of a brand that is loved by employees
[TABLE] Continuation of production operations and maintenance of employment at each site
[TABLE] Utilization of athletic teams, boosting of employee morale
[TABLE] Local
communities | Reinforcement of community exchange and partnership activities
[TABLE] Contribution and relationship-building through sporting activities
[TABLE] Contributing to local communities through stronger cooperation with non-profit organizations
[TABLE] Community support activities during disasters and pandemics

[PAGE 16]
Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index 015 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR Six Priority Areas Relevant Stakeholders Themes Initiatives Visions/KPIs (FYE March 2026 –FYE March 2031) Relevant SDGs FYE March 2021 FYE March 2022–FYE March 2026 Peace of Mind Customers Improving safety functions Advancement of Advanced Driver Assistance System (ADAS) Become a company that provides the utmost peace of mind to all stakeholders. KPIs Achieve a goal of zero fatal traffic accidents* by 2030. * Reducing to zero the number of fatal accidents occurring while a driver or passenger in a SUBARU vehicle and the number of fatalities among pedestrians, cyclists, and the like arising from collisions with a SUBARU vehicle. Improve impact energy absorption ability to 1.4 times. Adoption of Advanced Automatic Collision Notification (AACN) system and expansion of its functions Continuous enhancement of crash safety Expanding enhanced safety functions since FYE March 2021 Developing autonomous flight control systems (collision avoidance technology, fault-tolerant system improvements) Contributing to safe driving Implementation of safe driving seminars for senior citizens on a continuous basis Establishing and strengthening a reliable product supply system Establishment of a timely and efficient supply system of spare parts and accessories Strengthening product supply capacity (parts center capacity increase plans/parts supply system improvements) Improving inspection and maintenance quality Promotion of accurate, high-quality inspection and maintenance Securing and improving quality Promotion of initiatives to produce vehicles of choice in terms also of quality Improvement of the quality of operations in all processes, from product planning to production, sales, and service Placing of the highest priority on quality by implementing quality caravans and providing education for fostering quality awareness Optimization of the span of management in manufacturing departments Employees Creating a safe workplace Continuation and reinforcement of activities of the health and safety committees Maintenance and enhancement of workplace health and safety, and promote a more comfortable workplace environment Formulation and implementation of plans for health promotion initiatives Secure and create employment Local communities Contributing to safety of local communities Promotion of a sense of trust regarding stable operations Promotion of plant environment improvement Protecting vulnerable groups in local transportation (town watcher activities) Reduction of environmental impact and prevention of pollution Governments Contributing to safe lives of people Contribution to the creation of a society in which people’s lives and property are protected and people can enjoy peace of mind Activities in the Six Priority Areas for CSR in Relation to SDGs Reinforcement of health promotion efforts 3.6

[TABLE] Message
Contents
from the President | The Subaru Group’s
CSR | Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 015
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Activities in the Six Priority Areas for CSR in Relation to SDGs
Relevant Initiatives Visions/KPIs
Six Priority Areas Themes (FYE March 2026 Relevant SDGs
Stakeholders FYE March 2021 FYE March 2022–FYE March 2026 –FYE March 2031)
Advancement of Advanced Driver Assistance System (ADAS)
Adoption of Advanced Automatic Collision Notification (AACN) system and expansion of its functions
Improving safety functions Continuous enhancement of crash safety
Expanding enhanced safety functions since FYE March 2021
Developing autonomous flight control systems (collision avoidance technology, fault-tolerant system improvements)
Contributing to safe driving Implementation of safe driving seminars for senior citizens on a continuous basis
Customers
Establishing and Establishment of a timely and efficient supply system of spare parts and accessories
strengthening a reliable Become a company that
product supply system Strengthening product supply capacity (parts center capacity increase plans/parts supply system improvements) provides the utmost peace of
mind to all stakeholders.
Improving inspection and
Promotion of accurate, high-quality inspection and maintenance
maintenance quality KPIs
A chieve a goal of zero fatal
Promotion of initiatives to produce vehicles of choice in terms also of quality traffic accidents* by 2030.
* R educing to zero the number
Peace of Mind Securing and Improvement of the quality of operations in all processes, from product planning to production, sales, and service of fatal accidents occurring
improving quality while a driver or passenger in
3.6
Placing of the highest priority on quality by implementing quality caravans and providing education for a SUBARU vehicle and the
fostering quality awareness number of fatalities among
pedestrians, cyclists, and the
Optimization of the span of management in manufacturing departments
like arising from collisions with
a SUBARU vehicle.
Continuation and reinforcement of activities of the health and safety committees
Improve impact energy
Maintenance and enhancement of workplace health and safety, and promote a more comfortable absorption ability to 1.4 times.
Employees Creating a safe workplace
workplace environment
Formulation and implementation of
Reinforcement of health promotion efforts
plans for health promotion initiatives
Secure and create employment
Promotion of plant environment
Promotion of a sense of trust regarding stable operations
improvement
Local Contributing to
communities safety of local communities Protecting vulnerable groups in local transportation (town watcher activities)
Reduction of environmental impact and prevention of pollution
Contributing to Contribution to the creation of a society in which people’s lives and property are protected and
Governments
safe lives of people people can enjoy peace of mind
[TABLE] Six Priority Areas | Relevant
Stakeholders | Themes | Initiatives | Visions/KPIs
(FYE March 2026
–FYE March 2031) | Relevant SDGs
[TABLE] FYE March 2021 | FYE March 2022–FYE March 2026
[TABLE] Peace of Mind | Customers | Advancement of Advanced Driver Assistance System (ADAS) | Become a company that
provides the utmost peace of
mind to all stakeholders.
KPIs
A chieve a goal of zero fatal
traffic accidents* by 2030.
* R educing to zero the number
of fatal accidents occurring
while a driver or passenger in
a SUBARU vehicle and the
number of fatalities among
pedestrians, cyclists, and the
like arising from collisions with
a SUBARU vehicle.
Improve impact energy
absorption ability to 1.4 times.
[TABLE] Adoption of Advanced Automatic Collision Notification (AACN) system and expansion of its functions
[TABLE] Continuous enhancement of crash safety
[TABLE] Expanding enhanced safety functions since FYE March 2021
[TABLE] Developing autonomous flight control systems (collision avoidance technology, fault-tolerant system improvements)
[TABLE] Implementation of safe driving seminars for senior citizens on a continuous basis
[TABLE] Establishment of a timely and efficient supply system of spare parts and accessories
[TABLE] Strengthening product supply capacity (parts center capacity increase plans/parts supply system improvements)
[TABLE] Promotion of accurate, high-quality inspection and maintenance
[TABLE] Promotion of initiatives to produce vehicles of choice in terms also of quality
[TABLE] Improvement of the quality of operations in all processes, from product planning to production, sales, and service
[TABLE] Placing of the highest priority on quality by implementing quality caravans and providing education for
fostering quality awareness
[TABLE] Optimization of the span of management in manufacturing departments
[TABLE] Employees
[TABLE] Continuation and reinforcement of activities of the health and safety committees
[TABLE] Maintenance and enhancement of workplace health and safety, and promote a more comfortable
workplace environment
[TABLE] Formulation and implementation of
plans for health promotion initiatives | Reinforcement of health promotion efforts
[TABLE] Secure and create employment
[TABLE] Local
communities
[TABLE] Promotion of plant environment
improvement | Promotion of a sense of trust regarding stable operations
[TABLE] Protecting vulnerable groups in local transportation (town watcher activities)
[TABLE] Reduction of environmental impact and prevention of pollution
[TABLE] Governments | Contribution to the creation of a society in which people’s lives and property are protected and
people can enjoy peace of mind

[PAGE 17]
Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index 016 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR Activities in the Six Priority Areas for CSR in Relation to SDGs Six Priority Areas Relevant Stakeholders Themes Initiatives Visions/KPIs (FYE March 2026 –FYE March 2031) Relevant SDGs FYE March 2021 FYE March 2022–FYE March 2026 Diversity Employees Promoting active roles for female employees Expanding the number of female managers (at least two times 2021 levels by 2025) Promote businesses that create diverse forms of market values while respecting the diverse values of all people. KPIs Increase female managers. (at least two times 2021 levels by 2025) The number of participants in career development training Achieve the legally prescribed employment rate. 100% of those applying for reemployment Childcare support for female employees in direct departments Respecting human rights and diversity for all Utilizing diverse human resources Review of the human resources system for senior employees Operation of the human resources system for senior employees Promotion of active roles for non-Japanese human resources Examination and promotion of a workplace environment that pays due consideration to minorities in society Compliance with the legally prescribed employment rate for persons with disabilities: 2.3% in and after FYE March 2021 Acquiring new knowledge through proactively recruiting external human resources Promote diverse work styles Diverse work styles: Support for labor management by introducing a new attendance management system and expansion of teleworking Securing human resources at group companies Maintenance and expansion of diverse forms of employment Business partners Efforts in cooperation with business partners Building of relationships with business partners with CSR surveys, awareness-raising, and from CSR perspectives Enhancement of the understanding of employees, promotion of cooperation with the National Association of Minority Automobile Dealers (NAMAD) Customers Providing a wide range of products Incorporation of feedback on diverse market needs Design parts that can be used in multiple vehicle models 5.5 5.5.2 8.5

[TABLE] Message
Contents
from the President | The Subaru Group’s
CSR | Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 016
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Activities in the Six Priority Areas for CSR in Relation to SDGs
Relevant Initiatives Visions/KPIs
Six Priority Areas Themes (FYE March 2026 Relevant SDGs
Stakeholders FYE March 2021 FYE March 2022–FYE March 2026 –FYE March 2031)
Expanding the number of female managers (at least two times 2021 levels by 2025)
Promoting active roles for
female employees Childcare support for female employees in direct departments
Respecting human rights and diversity for all
Review of the human resources system for senior employees Operation of the human resources system for senior employees
Promote businesses that
create diverse forms of market
Promotion of active roles for non-Japanese human resources
values while respecting the
Employees Utilizing diverse
diverse values of all people.
human resources Examination and promotion of a workplace environment that pays due consideration to minorities in society
KPIs
Compliance with the legally prescribed employment rate for persons with disabilities: 2.3% Increase female managers. (at 5.5
Diversity in and after FYE March 2021 least two times 2021 levels by 5.5.2
2025)
Acquiring new knowledge through proactively recruiting external human resources
T he number of participants in
Diverse work styles: Support for labor management by introducing a new attendance management career development training
Promote diverse work styles
system and expansion of teleworking A chieve the legally prescribed
Securing human resources employment rate.
Maintenance and expansion of diverse forms of employment
at group companies 1 00% of those applying for 8.5
reemployment
Building of relationships with business partners with CSR surveys, awareness-raising, and from CSR perspectives
Business Efforts in cooperation with
partners business partners Enhancement of the understanding of employees, promotion of cooperation with the National
Association of Minority Automobile Dealers (NAMAD)
Incorporation of feedback on diverse market needs
Providing a wide
Customers
range of products
Design parts that can be used in multiple vehicle models
[TABLE] Six Priority Areas | Relevant
Stakeholders | Themes | Initiatives | Visions/KPIs
(FYE March 2026
–FYE March 2031) | Relevant SDGs
[TABLE] FYE March 2021 | FYE March 2022–FYE March 2026
[TABLE] Diversity | Employees | Expanding the number of female managers (at least two times 2021 levels by 2025) | Promote businesses that
create diverse forms of market
values while respecting the
diverse values of all people.
KPIs
Increase female managers. (at
least two times 2021 levels by
2025)
T he number of participants in
career development training
A chieve the legally prescribed
employment rate.
1 00% of those applying for
reemployment
[TABLE] Childcare support for female employees in direct departments
[TABLE] Respecting human rights and diversity for all
[TABLE] Review of the human resources system for senior employees Operation of the human resources system for senior employees
[TABLE] Promotion of active roles for non-Japanese human resources
[TABLE] Examination and promotion of a workplace environment that pays due consideration to minorities in society
[TABLE] Compliance with the legally prescribed employment rate for persons with disabilities: 2.3%
in and after FYE March 2021
[TABLE] Acquiring new knowledge through proactively recruiting external human resources
[TABLE] Diverse work styles: Support for labor management by introducing a new attendance management
system and expansion of teleworking
[TABLE] Maintenance and expansion of diverse forms of employment
[TABLE] Business
partners | Building of relationships with business partners with CSR surveys, awareness-raising, and from CSR perspectives
[TABLE] Enhancement of the understanding of employees, promotion of cooperation with the National
Association of Minority Automobile Dealers (NAMAD)
[TABLE] Customers | Incorporation of feedback on diverse market needs
[TABLE] Design parts that can be used in multiple vehicle models

[PAGE 18]
Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index 017 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR Six Priority Areas Relevant Stakeholders Themes Initiatives Visions/KPIs (FYE March 2026 –FYE March 2031) Relevant SDGs FYE March 2021 FYE March 2022–FYE March 2026 Environment Customers Popularizing vehicles that reduce environmental impact Expansion of the sale of electric vehicles (HEVs and PHEVs) Cherish and protect the global environment–the earth, the sky and nature–through Group-wide activities. KPIs Reduce direct emissions of CO2 by 30% from FYE March 2017 levels by FYE March 2031 (aggregate amount basis). Make at least 40% of SUBARU global sales electric vehicles (EVs) or hybrid electric vehicles (HEVs) by 2030. Apply electrification technologies to all SUBARU vehicles produced and sold worldwide by the first half of the 2030s. Formulate a resource circulation strategy including secondary batteries. Enhance recycling rates. Development and marketing of electric vehicles (BEVs and SHEVs) EV development EV global rollout and sale Environmental protection in cooperation with customers Implementation of activities to protect outdoor fields on a continuous basis Governments Business to help reduce environmental impact Introduction of solar power generation for self-consumption Introduction of TEPCO’s Aqua Premium Energy conservation investment and effective utilization of facilities Continuation of conservation efforts in cooperation with governments Promotion of lighter, electric, and biofuel aircraft Business partners Environment activities in cooperation with business partners Establishment and maintenance of an environmental management system Selection of business partner while considering transportation for overseas sites Efficient parts storage and transportation, and reduction of transportation volume Promotion of retailers’ continuous efforts for energy saving, water quality conservation, and recycling Optimization of logistics and CKD costs Activities in the Six Priority Areas for CSR in Relation to SDGs 13.1 13.2 12.2 12.5

[TABLE] Message
Contents
from the President | The Subaru Group’s
CSR | Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 017
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Activities in the Six Priority Areas for CSR in Relation to SDGs
Relevant Initiatives Visions/KPIs
Six Priority Areas Themes (FYE March 2026 Relevant SDGs
Stakeholders FYE March 2021 FYE March 2022–FYE March 2026 –FYE March 2031)
Expansion of the sale of electric vehicles (HEVs and PHEVs)
Popularizing vehicles that
Development and marketing of electric vehicles (BEVs and SHEVs)
reduce environmental impact
Customers Cherish and protect the global
EV development EV global rollout and sale environment–the earth, the
sky and nature–through
Environmental protection in Implementation of activities to protect outdoor fields on a Group-wide activities.
cooperation with customers continuous basis
KPIs
Introduction of solar power generation for self-consumption
R educe direct emissions of
CO2 by 30% from FYE March
Introduction of TEPCO’s Aqua Premium 2017 levels by FYE March 2031
(aggregate amount basis). 13.1
Business to help reduce
Governments environmental impact Energy conservation investment and effective utilization of facilities M ake at least 40% of SUBARU 13.2
Environment global sales electric vehicles
(EVs) or hybrid electric vehicles
Continuation of conservation efforts in cooperation with governments
(HEVs) by 2030.
A pply electrification
Promotion of lighter, electric, and biofuel aircraft
technologies to all SUBARU
vehicles produced and sold
Establishment and maintenance of an environmental management system worldwide by the first half of 12.2
the 2030s. 12.5
Selection of business partner while considering transportation for overseas sites F ormulate a resource
Environment activities circulation strategy including
Business in cooperation Efficient parts storage and transportation, and reduction of transportation volume secondary batteries.
partners
with business partners E nhance recycling rates.
Promotion of retailers’ continuous efforts for energy saving, water quality conservation, and recycling
Optimization of logistics and CKD costs
[TABLE] Six Priority Areas | Relevant
Stakeholders | Themes | Initiatives | Visions/KPIs
(FYE March 2026
–FYE March 2031) | Relevant SDGs
[TABLE] FYE March 2021 | FYE March 2022–FYE March 2026
[TABLE] Environment | Customers | Expansion of the sale of electric vehicles (HEVs and PHEVs) | Cherish and protect the global
environment–the earth, the
sky and nature–through
Group-wide activities.
KPIs
R educe direct emissions of
CO2 by 30% from FYE March
2017 levels by FYE March 2031
(aggregate amount basis).
M ake at least 40% of SUBARU
global sales electric vehicles
(EVs) or hybrid electric vehicles
(HEVs) by 2030.
A pply electrification
technologies to all SUBARU
vehicles produced and sold
worldwide by the first half of
the 2030s.
F ormulate a resource
circulation strategy including
secondary batteries.
E nhance recycling rates.
[TABLE] Development and marketing of electric vehicles (BEVs and SHEVs)
[TABLE] EV development | EV global rollout and sale
[TABLE] Implementation of activities to protect outdoor fields on a
continuous basis
[TABLE] Governments | Introduction of solar power generation for self-consumption
[TABLE] Introduction of TEPCO’s Aqua Premium
[TABLE] Energy conservation investment and effective utilization of facilities
[TABLE] Continuation of conservation efforts in cooperation with governments
[TABLE] Promotion of lighter, electric, and biofuel aircraft
[TABLE] Business
partners | Establishment and maintenance of an environmental management system
[TABLE] Selection of business partner while considering transportation for overseas sites
[TABLE] Efficient parts storage and transportation, and reduction of transportation volume
[TABLE] Promotion of retailers’ continuous efforts for energy saving, water quality conservation, and recycling
[TABLE] Optimization of logistics and CKD costs

[PAGE 19]
Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index 018 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR Six Priority Areas Relevant Stakeholders Themes Initiatives Visions/KPIs (FYE March 2026 –FYE March 2031) Relevant SDGs FYE March 2021 FYE March 2022–FYE March 2026 Compliance Governments Ensuring comprehensive export control Reinforcement of security and export control initiatives Act in good faith and become a company that is trusted by and resonates with society. KPIs Promote initiatives to respect human rights based on the Human Rights Policy; Communicate the policy throughout the entire supply chain. Strengthen CSR procurement management. Provide compliance and legal trainings. In-house education and dissemination Continuation of compliance training and executive lectures Promotion of compliance from the perspective of the Subaru Group Establishment and dissemination of internal rules and manuals on laws and regulations Employees Protecting human rights of workers Prevention of harassment Maintenance and improvement of the workplace environment by promoting work style reform and complying with the Labor Standards Act Promoting initiatives to respect human rights Establishment and dissemination of our Human Rights Policy, implementation of due diligence Business partners Maintaining fair relationships CSR surveys, awareness-raising, and stronger CSR initiatives in the supply chain with business partners Promotion of fair trade on a continuous basis Appropriate management of software licenses Activities in the Six Priority Areas for CSR in Relation to SDGs 8.7 8.8 16.5 16.5.2 Development of products (vehicles) is based on a premise that they are equipped with the latest technologies yet affordably priced at the same time.

[TABLE] Message
Contents
from the President | The Subaru Group’s
CSR | Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 018
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Activities in the Six Priority Areas for CSR in Relation to SDGs
Relevant Initiatives Visions/KPIs
Six Priority Areas Themes (FYE March 2026 Relevant SDGs
Stakeholders FYE March 2021 FYE March 2022–FYE March 2026 –FYE March 2031)
Ensuring comprehensive
Reinforcement of security and export control initiatives
export control
Continuation of compliance training and executive lectures
Act in good faith and become
Governments a company that is trusted by
In-house education and
Promotion of compliance from the perspective of the Subaru Group and resonates with society.
dissemination
Establishment and dissemination of internal rules and KPIs
manuals on laws and regulations Promote initiatives to respect
8.7
human rights based on the
Compliance Prevention of harassment 8.8
Human Rights Policy;
Employees Protecting human rights of Maintenance and improvement of the workplace environment by promoting work style reform and Communicate the policy
workers complying with the Labor Standards Act throughout the entire supply
chain.
Establishment and dissemination of our Human Promoting initiatives to respect human rights Strengthen CSR procurement
Rights Policy, implementation of due diligence
management.
CSR surveys, awareness-raising, and stronger CSR initiatives in the supply chain with business partners Provide compliance and legal 16.5
Business trainings. 16.5.2
partners Maintaining fair relationships Promotion of fair trade on a continuous basis
Appropriate management of software licenses
Development of products (vehicles) is based on a premise that they are equipped with the latest technologies yet affordably priced at the same time.
[TABLE] Six Priority Areas | Relevant
Stakeholders | Themes | Initiatives | Visions/KPIs
(FYE March 2026
–FYE March 2031) | Relevant SDGs
[TABLE] FYE March 2021 | FYE March 2022–FYE March 2026
[TABLE] Compliance | Governments | Reinforcement of security and export control initiatives | Act in good faith and become
a company that is trusted by
and resonates with society.
KPIs
Promote initiatives to respect
human rights based on the
Human Rights Policy;
Communicate the policy
throughout the entire supply
chain.
Strengthen CSR procurement
management.
Provide compliance and legal
trainings.
[TABLE] Continuation of compliance training and executive lectures
[TABLE] Promotion of compliance from the perspective of the Subaru Group
[TABLE] Establishment and dissemination of internal rules and
manuals on laws and regulations
[TABLE] Employees | Prevention of harassment
[TABLE] Maintenance and improvement of the workplace environment by promoting work style reform and
complying with the Labor Standards Act
[TABLE] Establishment and dissemination of our Human
Rights Policy, implementation of due diligence | Promoting initiatives to respect human rights
[TABLE] Business
partners
[TABLE] CSR surveys, awareness-raising, and stronger CSR initiatives in the supply chain with business partners
[TABLE] Promotion of fair trade on a continuous basis
[TABLE] Appropriate management of software licenses

[PAGE 20]
019 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Become a company that enriches people’s lives and minds as a partner. The Subaru Group has contributed to increasing customers’ options by respecting people’s diverse values and offering distinctive products tailored to diverse forms of market value. We believe that a car is more than just a means of transport, but rather a partner that enriches people’s lives by understanding and meeting their expectations. A Company “Delivering Happiness to All” Continuing to cherish the human emotions of “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” experienced by each and every one of our customers, Subaru Group will develop and popularize a car culture that gives people the starring role by linking cars to changes in people’s lifestyles and life stages. Why It Is Important to Us TOPICS Six Priority Areas for CSR People-oriented Car Culture 01

[TABLE] Message
Contents
from the President | The Subaru Group’s
CSR | Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 019
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] ulture
[TABLE] Six Priority Areas for CSR
TOPICS 01
People-oriented Car C
[TABLE] Become a company
that enriches people’s
lives and minds as a
partner.
Why It Is Important to Us
The Subaru Group has contributed to increasing customers’
options by respecting people’s diverse values and offering
distinctive products tailored to diverse forms of market value.
We believe that a car is more than just a means of
transport, but rather a partner that enriches people’s lives by
understanding and meeting their expectations.
A Company “Delivering Happiness to All”
Continuing to cherish the human emotions of “Enjoyment and
Peace of Mind” experienced by each and every one of our
customers, Subaru Group will develop and popularize a car
culture that gives people the starring role by linking cars to
changes in people’s lifestyles and life stages.

[PAGE 21]
020 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Toward a Car Society without Traffic Accidents SUBARU seeks to eliminate traffic accidents, and with that desire in mind, it has been engaged in research and development of intelligent technology for many years. EyeSight, said to be the culmination of this technology, has brought about an evolution in innovation. The next-generation EyeSight system enables 360-degree sensor capabilities from the four radar units located at the front and rear of the vehicle, contributing to safe driving in an even wider range of situations. This core feature is enabled by EyeSight’s enhanced recognition and control using stereo cameras. These cameras always monitor the situation ahead, and can measure distance in the same way as the human eye. They can also distinguish between cars, pedestrians, and road lines. The system boasts high cognition performance with its wide viewing angle and range of vision as well as color recognition capable of recognizing brake lights. The software, which functions as the “brain” of the system, takes this information and the state of the vehicle’s operation to determine the necessary controls, EyeSight contributes to safe driving in an even wider range of situations with 360-degree sensor capabilities Enhancement of the organizational structure for future product development executing these in a manner that fits the situation as the “hands and feet” in each vehicle unit. SUBARU is also working to evolve the very basis of its vehicles, that being the platform that leads to all kinds of performance improvements, such as driving performance, comfort, and passive safety. The Subaru Global Platform, a platform featuring all of SUBARU’s knowledge and technological capabilities developed thus far, has brought about driving dynamics lending enjoyment to operating its vehicles. This has been achieved by top-class passive safety performance recognized by global safety assessments, as well as driving quality achieving new levels of comfort and maneuverability and top-class vibration reduction thanks to stability, as well as low noise. Going forward, SUBARU will continue to accelerate the fusion of intelligent technology and the SUBARU Global Platform, pursue accident-free vehicles and driving safety based on its overall safety philosophy, and evolve its “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind.” Strengthening the SUBARU Difference in the Era of Electrification Amid dramatic changes in vehicle technology development domains, such as adoption of digital technologies and electrification for making products more environmentally friendly, SUBARU announced the Technology Roadmap for Reduction in CO2 Emissions in January 2020, and is accelerating initiatives toward achieving carbon neutrality by 2050. One measure SUBARU has taken to this end is to implement fundamental reforms in its development systems by further evolving its driving dynamics, thereby strengthening the SUBARU Difference even in the era of electrification, as well as cultivating, enhancing, and accumulating future-generation core technologies. Specifically, SUBARU has transitioned from its traditional organizational structure broken down by vehicle type and function, to an organic combination along the axes of value provided to the customer and function of the vehicle. SUBARU made this change with the aim of elevating its perspectives, from siloed divisional optimization to company- wide optimization, and creating a system that can flexibly adapt to future technologies. To achieve this, in January 2021, SUBARU established the CTO’s (Chief Technology Officer’s) Office, an organization designed to speed up decision-making and strengthen technology management. Furthermore, by deepening cooperation with procurement, manufacturing, and after-sales service, SUBARU will accelerate the Make-a-SUBARU project, a key priority in the mid-term management vision “STEP.” Evolving the SUBARU Difference Zero Fatal Traffic Accidents* and Contributing to a Carbon-free Society We cultivate, enhance, and accumulate future-generation core technologies that will underpin SUBARU’s future products. Going forward We used to pursue optimal solutions by model, body type, and power unit. Vehicle A Vehicle B Vehicle C Environment Powertrain / Drivetrain Vehicle A Vehicle B Vehicle C EyeSight Connected technologies Safety Enjoyment Previous Feature axis Value axis TOPICS Six Priority Areas for CSR People-oriented Car Culture 01 * Reducing to zero the number of fatal accidents occurring while a driver or passenger in a SUBARU vehicle and the number of fatalities among pedestrians, cyclists, and the like arising from collisions with a SUBARU vehicle.

[TABLE] Message
Contents
from the President | The Subaru Group’s
CSR | Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 020
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] TOPICS 01 Six Priority Areas for CSR People-oriented Car Culture Strengthening the SUBARU Difference in the
Era of Electrification
Evolving the SUBARU Difference
Amid dramatic changes in vehicle technology development
domains, such as adoption of digital technologies and
Zero Fatal Traffic Accidents* and Contributing to a Carbon-free Society
electrification for making products more environmentally
friendly, SUBARU announced the Technology Roadmap for
* Reducing to zero the number of fatal accidents occurring while a driver or passenger in a SUBARU vehicle and the number of fatalities among pedestrians, cyclists, and the
like arising from collisions with a SUBARU vehicle. Reduction in CO2 Emissions in January 2020, and is accelerating
initiatives toward achieving carbon neutrality by 2050.
Toward a Car Society without Traffic Accidents executing these in a manner that fits the situation as the “hands One measure SUBARU has taken to this end is to implement
and feet” in each vehicle unit. fundamental reforms in its development systems by further evolving
SUBARU seeks to eliminate traffic accidents, and with that desire SUBARU is also working to evolve the very basis of its vehicles, its driving dynamics, thereby strengthening the SUBARU Difference
in mind, it has been engaged in research and development of that being the platform that leads to all kinds of performance even in the era of electrification, as well as cultivating, enhancing,
intelligent technology for many years. EyeSight, said to be the improvements, such as driving performance, comfort, and and accumulating future-generation core technologies. Specifically,
culmination of this technology, has brought about an evolution passive safety. The Subaru Global Platform, a platform featuring SUBARU has transitioned from its traditional organizational structure
in innovation. The next-generation EyeSight system enables all of SUBARU’s knowledge and technological capabilities broken down by vehicle type and function, to an organic combination
360-degree sensor capabilities from the four radar units located developed thus far, has brought about driving dynamics lending along the axes of value provided to the customer and function of
at the front and rear of the vehicle, contributing to safe driving enjoyment to operating its vehicles. This has been achieved by the vehicle. SUBARU made this change with the aim of elevating
in an even wider range of situations. This core feature is enabled top-class passive safety performance recognized by global safety its perspectives, from siloed divisional optimization to company-
by EyeSight’s enhanced recognition and control using stereo assessments, as well as driving quality achieving new levels of wide optimization, and creating a system that can flexibly adapt
cameras. These cameras always monitor the situation ahead, and comfort and maneuverability and top-class vibration reduction to future technologies. To achieve this, in January 2021, SUBARU
can measure distance in the same way as the human eye. They thanks to stability, as well as low noise. established the CTO’s (Chief Technology Officer’s) Office, an
can also distinguish between cars, pedestrians, and road lines. Going forward, SUBARU will continue to accelerate the fusion organization designed to speed up decision-making and strengthen
The system boasts high cognition performance with its wide of intelligent technology and the SUBARU Global Platform, pursue technology management. Furthermore, by deepening cooperation
viewing angle and range of vision as well as color recognition accident-free vehicles and driving safety based on its overall with procurement, manufacturing, and after-sales service, SUBARU
capable of recognizing brake lights. The software, which functions as safety philosophy, and evolve its “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind.” will accelerate the Make-a-SUBARU project, a key priority in the
mid-term management vision “STEP.”
the “brain” of the system, takes this information and the state of
the vehicle’s operation to determine the necessary controls,
Enhancement of the organizational structure for future product development
EyeSight contributes to safe driving in an even wider range of situations We cultivate, enhance, and accumulate future-generation core technologies that will underpin SUBARU’s
future products.
with 360-degree sensor capabilities
Previous Going forward
We used to pursue optimal solutions by Value axis
model, body type, and power unit.
Vehicle A Environment Safety Enjoyment
Powertrain / Drivetrain
Vehicle B Feature axis EyeSight
Connected technologies
Vehicle C
Vehicle A Vehicle B Vehicle C
[TABLE] Value axis
[TABLE] Environment | Safety | Enjoyment
in
ght
es
[TABLE] P | o | wertrain / Drivetr | a | in
[TABLE] Co | n | Eye
nected technolo | Si
gi | ght
es

[PAGE 22]
021 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Become a company that is widely trusted by, resonates and coexists with society. At SUBARU, when it comes to our business activities, we regard customers and local communities as some of our most important stakeholders. Over the years, SUBARU has been sustained not only by our own efforts to put the customer first, but also by the efforts of many people in the communities where we do business. SUBARU will form communities of resonance and coexistence to secure our sustainable growth as a company through routine communication, ensuring that our products and services resonate with and are trusted by our customers, and that SUBARU’s corporate activities resonate with and are trusted by the local communities in which they take place. Why It Is Important to Us TOPICS Six Priority Areas for CSR Resonance and Coexistence 02

[TABLE] Message
Contents
from the President | The Subaru Group’s
CSR | Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 021
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] tence
[TABLE] Six Priority Areas for CSR
TOPICS 02
Resonance and Coexis
[TABLE] Become a company
that is widely trusted
by, resonates and
coexists with society.
Why It Is Important to Us
At SUBARU, when it comes to our business activities, we
regard customers and local communities as some of our most
important stakeholders.
Over the years, SUBARU has been sustained not only by our
own efforts to put the customer first, but also by the efforts of
many people in the communities where we do business.
SUBARU will form communities of resonance and
coexistence to secure our sustainable growth as a company
through routine communication, ensuring that our products and
services resonate with and are trusted by our customers, and
that SUBARU’s corporate activities resonate with and are trusted
by the local communities in which they take place.

[PAGE 23]
022 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Initiatives in Japan In order to overcome the significant challenge of the spread of COVID-19 alongside its customers and local communities, SUBARU’s employees each considered what the Company could do, and took a variety of actions leveraging SUBARU’s unique technologies and human skills. Production and Donation of Medical-use Face Shields In cooperation with its corporate business partners, SUBARU produced 13,600 medical-use face shields with a team of around 500 people. This production of face shields was developed from employees asking what SUBARU could to do protect people's lives, and what SUBARU could do to help medical professionals. In answering these questions, the activity grew to encompass multiple business divisions and, eventually, business partners. The face shields were delivered to medical institutions in areas where SUBARU has business locations. Shields were also provided to boards of education in some regions. Through SUBARU’s efforts, medical and educational sites gained better access to face shields. Face shields were also distributed to SUBARU dealerships, utilized to safeguard customers and employees during test drives, where social distancing is difficult, and during service intake, where customers require detailed explanations. Donating Specially Designed Anti-Droplet Vehicles In September 2020, SUBARU donated a specially designed vehicle for transporting patients infected with COVID-19 to Ota Memorial Hospital, designated as the Gunma Plant’s primary hospital in the event of a disaster. This transport vehicle’s driver’s seat and rear seats are separated by a special transparent film, and the driver’s seat area is constantly pressurized in order to prevent secondary infection from the patient riding in a rear seat. This design allows drivers to transport sick patients with peace of mind. Donation of Hand Disinfection Stands The Aerospace Company’s Handa Plant produced 100 hand disinfection stands and donated them to Handa City (Aichi Prefecture). These donated hand disinfection stands were made by SUBARU employees with materials used for shelves and scaffolding at the aircraft plant. The stands are designed with hygiene in mind, allowing the users to step on a pedal to dispense disinfectant. Initiatives in the U.S. Subaru of America, Inc. (SOA) is engaged in various activities under the Subaru Love Promise, a vision to show love and respect for stakeholders. Aiming to become more than just an automobile company, SOA strives to earn the trust of its stakeholders by following through on its five promises, showing integrity and compassion with the goal of exceeding their expectations. The Five Promises Subaru Loves to Help SOA donated around 52 million meals through U.S. food bank Feeding America ® in 2020, donating 100 million more in 2021 to help ease nutritional difficulties arising from the spread of COVID-19. The Company also partnered with the Meals on Wheels program to deliver meals to individuals unable to purchase or prepare their own meals, delivering more than 2.3 million meals to seniors in the U.S. Subaru Loves to Care In 2020, when the urgency to support patients with intractable diseases and persons with disabilities became even greater amid significant impact from the spread of COVID-19, SOA further strengthened its partnerships and worked to support as many people as it could. The Company donated $750,000 U.S. dollars to the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society, and also donated 19,000 blankets. It also provided $250 U.S. dollars per eligible patient facing financial difficulties, offering additional support to the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society. In addition, SOA has expanded and promoted many activities, including strengthening the efforts of the American Red Cross’s Ready 365 Giving program to support people affected by various disasters. Especially in the face of difficulties, the SUBARU Difference of Resonance and Coexistence thrives even more. We will promote initiatives with a focus on Japan and the U.S. TOPICS Six Priority Areas for CSR Resonance and Coexistence 02 The Subaru Group seeks to become a company that is widely trusted by, resonates, and coexists with society. SUBARU believes that, especially in times where it faces difficulty like the current spread of COVID-19, it is important to be forthright in listening to the views of individual customers and society at large, and to think and act in concert with all stakeholders. In FYE March 2021, in order to overcome this significant difficulty together with its stakeholders, SUBARU promoted activities embodying the SUBARU Difference at its global locations, primarily those in Japan and the U.S., with first priority given to the safety and security of all its stakeholders: its customers, employees (including those at Group companies) and their families, business partners, and others. Medical-use face shields The Forester transport vehicle Donated hand disinfection stands Donation activities Support activities

[TABLE] Message
Contents
from the President | The Subaru Group’s
CSR | Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 022
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] TOPICS 02 Six Priority Areas for CSR Resonance and Coexistence Initiatives in the U.S.
Especially in the face of difficulties, the SUBARU Difference Subaru of America, Inc. (SOA) is engaged in various activities
under the Subaru Love Promise, a vision to show love and respect
of Resonance and Coexistence thrives even more. We will for stakeholders.
Aiming to become more than just an automobile company,
promote initiatives with a focus on Japan and the U.S. SOA strives to earn the trust of its stakeholders by following
through on its five promises, showing integrity and compassion
with the goal of exceeding their expectations.
The Subaru Group seeks to become a company that is widely trusted by, resonates, and coexists with society. SUBARU believes that,
especially in times where it faces difficulty like the current spread of COVID-19, it is important to be forthright in listening to the views of The Five Promises
individual customers and society at large, and to think and act in concert with all stakeholders. In FYE March 2021, in order to overcome
this significant difficulty together with its stakeholders, SUBARU promoted activities embodying the SUBARU Difference at its global
locations, primarily those in Japan and the U.S., with first priority given to the safety and security of all its stakeholders: its customers,
employees (including those at Group companies) and their families, business partners, and others.
Subaru Loves to Help
Initiatives in Japan Donating Specially Designed Anti-Droplet Vehicles SOA donated around 52 million meals through U.S. food bank
In September 2020, SUBARU donated a specially designed vehicle for Feeding America® in 2020, donating 100 million more in 2021 to help
In order to overcome the significant challenge of the spread of transporting patients infected with COVID-19 to Ota Memorial Hospital, ease nutritional difficulties arising from
COVID-19 alongside its customers and local communities, designated as the Gunma Plant’s primary hospital in the event of a disaster. the spread of COVID-19. The Company
SUBARU’s employees each considered what the Company could This transport vehicle’s driver’s seat and rear seats are separated by a also partnered with the Meals on Wheels
do, and took a variety of actions leveraging SUBARU’s unique special transparent film, and the driver’s seat area is constantly program to deliver meals to individuals
technologies and human skills. pressurized in order to unable to purchase or prepare their own
prevent secondary infection meals, delivering more than 2.3 million
Production and Donation of Medical-use Face Shields from the patient riding in a meals to seniors in the U.S. Support activities
In cooperation with its corporate business partners, SUBARU produced rear seat. This design allows
13,600 medical-use face shields with a team of around 500 people. This drivers to transport sick Subaru Loves to Care
production of face shields was developed from employees asking what patients with peace of mind. In 2020, when the urgency to support patients with intractable
SUBARU could to do protect people's lives, and what SUBARU could The Forester transport vehicle diseases and persons with disabilities became even greater amid
do to help medical professionals. In answering these questions, the activity Donation of Hand Disinfection Stands significant impact from the spread of COVID-19, SOA further strengthened
grew to encompass multiple business divisions and, eventually, business The Aerospace Company’s Handa Plant produced 100 hand disinfection its partnerships and worked to support as many people as it could.
partners. The face shields were delivered to medical institutions in areas stands and donated them to Handa City (Aichi Prefecture). These The Company donated $750,000 U.S. dollars to the Leukemia and
where SUBARU has business locations. Shields were also provided to donated hand disinfection stands were made by Lymphoma Society, and also donated 19,000 blankets. It also provided
boards of education in some regions. Through SUBARU’s efforts, SUBARU employees with materials used for $250 U.S. dollars per eligible patient facing financial difficulties,
medical and educational sites gained better access shelves and scaffolding at the aircraft plant. The offering additional support to the Leukemia and
to face shields. Face shields were also distributed stands are designed with hygiene in mind, Lymphoma Society. In addition, SOA has expanded
to SUBARU dealerships, utilized to safeguard allowing the users to step on a pedal to dispense and promoted many activities, including
customers and employees during test drives, where disinfectant. strengthening the efforts of the American Red Cross’s
social distancing is difficult, and during service intake, Ready 365 Giving program to support people
where customers require detailed explanations. Donated hand affected by various disasters.
disinfection stands
Medical-use face shields Donation activities

[PAGE 24]
023 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Become a company that provides the utmost peace of mind to all stakeholders. SUBARU will deliver the peace of mind that cars must offer by manufacturing vehicles and providing associated services. SUBARU will tirelessly review all quality-related processes in our aim to be the No. 1 company for quality, whose products customers can rely on for a long period. Attaching particular importance to protecting lives, SUBARU will work to achieve our target of zero fatal traffic accidents *1 by 2030. In addition, we must ensure that the local communities where our plants are based know that they can rely on SUBARU to offer peace of mind in our manufacturing operations. Creating safe workplace environments that offer all Subaru Group workers peace of mind is also essential. Furthermore, SUBARU will contribute to resolving the problem of traffic accidents and other social issues associated with cars. SUBARU will aspire to become a company that provides customers, local communities, employees, and all other stakeholders with the utmost peace of mind. *1 Reducing to zero the number of fatal accidents occurring while a driver or passenger in a SUBARU and the number of fatalities among pedestrians, cyclists, and the like arising from collisions with a SUBARU vehicle. TOPICS Six Priority Areas for CSR Peace of Mind 03 Why It Is Important to Us

[TABLE] Message
Contents
from the President | The Subaru Group’s
CSR | Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 023
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Six Priority Areas for CSR
TOPICS 03
Peace of Mind
[TABLE] Become a company
that provides
the utmost peace
of mind to all
stakeholders.
Why It Is Important to Us
SUBARU will deliver the peace of mind that cars must offer by
manufacturing vehicles and providing associated services.
SUBARU will tirelessly review all quality-related processes in
our aim to be the No. 1 company for quality, whose products
customers can rely on for a long period. Attaching particular
importance to protecting lives, SUBARU will work to achieve
our target of zero fatal traffic accidents*1 by 2030. In addition,
we must ensure that the local communities where our plants
are based know that they can rely on SUBARU to offer peace of
mind in our manufacturing operations. Creating safe workplace
environments that offer all Subaru Group workers peace of
mind is also essential. Furthermore, SUBARU will contribute to
resolving the problem of traffic accidents and other social issues
associated with cars. SUBARU will aspire to become a company
that provides customers, local communities, employees, and all
other stakeholders with the utmost peace of mind.
*1 Reducing to zero the number of fatal accidents occurring while a driver or
passenger in a SUBARU and the number of fatalities among pedestrians, cyclists,
and the like arising from collisions with a SUBARU vehicle.

[PAGE 25]
024 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Evolutions in the Next-generation EyeSight System Improve Safety Performance EyeSight, the core of SUBARU’s Advanced Driver Assistance System (ADAS), creates a high-precision three-dimensional image from camera captures, identifying distance, speed, and position in demonstrating superior preventive safety performance. There are approximately 3,000 fatal accidents each year in Japan, but the number of fatal accidents involving SUBARU vehicles equipped with EyeSight is decreasing each and every year. In 2019, there were three fatalities *2 involving SUBARU registered vehicles that were first registered within the past five years. All grades of the SUBARU Levorg released in 2020 are equipped with the next-generation EyeSight system, featuring a further evolution of the original EyeSight system’s safety functions, as SUBARU works in earnest to eradicate all fatal traffic accidents. Among SUBARU’s leading-edge safety performance, its EyeSight X Advanced Driver Assistance System for highway driving has garnered much attention. EyeSight X reduces anxiety and stress on motorways meeting a certain set of conditions, achieving a new dimension of advanced safety technology with its newly developed system utilizing satellite, GPS, and high-precision map data. Furthermore, in the interest of achieving zero fatal accidents, SUBARU is evolving its preventive safety performance and passive safety performance with EyeSight and the SUBARU Global Platform at the core of its activities. It is also working to enhance the “connected safety” of its customers through linkage with its SUBARU STARLINK and other connected services, providing an additional layer of safety by keeping vehicles connected to SUBARU 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. SUBARU has also adopted the Advanced Automatic Collision Notification (AACN) system, which automatically notifies a call center in the event of a collision accident where an airbag would deploy, and aids in the following rescue activities. The new Levorg is the pride of SUBARU’s safety efforts, bringing together all of these current safety performance technologies. This vehicle brings out the enjoyment of driving and its safety has been highly evaluated. As a result, it received the 2020-2021 Car of the Year Japan award and the JNCAP Best Award 2020 *3 for safety. Quality Reforms Thorough Quality-first Awareness and Stronger Frameworks and Processes SUBARU is promoting the following three activity categories to achieve quality reform. The first is thorough quality-first awareness and stronger frameworks as a foundation for quality reform. SUBARU takes continued, down-to-earth actions to instill a quality-first awareness among each and every employee. In April 2020, the Quality Assurance Management Office was established, reporting directly to the Chief Quality Officer (CQO), and SUBARU took other action toward reorganization. Meanwhile, the number of employees in the Quality Assurance Division grew by approximately 50% over the past three years, showing an ongoing push to strengthen both the organization and its personnel. The second is manufacturing quality reform, with the goal of preventing defects reaching the general public in domains after the production preparation stage, where approximately 40% of quality issues occur. SUBARU is currently building a new final vehicle inspection wing, with operation to start for each production line beginning in FYE March 2023. The third is reforming built-in quality, the source of the development process that spans from initial exploratory stages (where approximately 60% of quality issues occur) to development and design. SUBARU works to identify material points related to quality beginning from the most upstream stage of development, strengthening quality management in all manufacturing processes, from development to production to distribution. Quality reforms and technological development unique to SUBARU, for “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” *2 Calculated by SUBARU based on ITARDA data *3 The Levorg received the JNCAP Five Star Vehicle Safety Performance 2020 Award, the highest rating in the Japan New Car Assessment Program (JNCAP), operated by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism and the National Agency for Automotive Safety and Victims’ Aid (NASVA). In addition, the vehicle received the highest score at the awards with a total of 186.91 points (out of 190). Device Layout in Next-Generation EyeSight New Stereo Cameras New/Performance-Enhancing Devices Existing Devices Detects vehicles approaching from the rear. Rear Radar Rear Sonar Front Radar Electric Brake Booster Supports collision avoidance when backing up. The next-generation EyeSight solution uses stereo cameras that can be affixed to glass to approximately double the angle of view versus the previous cameras. Image recognition and control software performance is also improved. This radar was added to detect vehicles ahead approaching from side angles, which are hard to cover with human and stereo camera line of sight. This newly-electric brake booster offers even faster collision avoidance and can handle objects suddenly jumping into the path of the vehicle. Today 65% reduced 35% reduced Evolution of ADAS Advanced Driver Assistance Systems Adoption of AACN Advanced Automatic Collision Notification Continuous enhancement of passive safety Accidents caused by other vehicles Accidents caused by own vehicle Accidents caused by other vehicles Accidents caused by own vehicle Toward “zero fatal accidents” in 2030 TOPICS Six Priority Areas for CSR Peace of Mind 03 Fatal traffic accidents of SUBARU cars (estimated from U.S. FARS data)

[TABLE] Message
Contents
from the President | The Subaru Group’s
CSR | Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 024
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Quality Reforms
TOPICS 03 Six Priority Areas for CSR Peace of Mind Thorough Quality-first Awareness and Stronger
Frameworks and Processes
Quality reforms and technological development
SUBARU is promoting the following three activity categories to
achieve quality reform.
unique to SUBARU, for “Enjoyment and
The first is thorough quality-first awareness and stronger
Peace of Mind” frameworks as a foundation for quality reform. SUBARU takes
continued, down-to-earth actions to instill a quality-first awareness
among each and every employee. In April 2020, the Quality Assurance
Management Office was established, reporting directly to the
Evolutions in the Next-generation adopted the Advanced Automatic Collision Notification (AACN)
Chief Quality Officer (CQO), and SUBARU took other action
EyeSight System Improve Safety system, which automatically notifies a call center in the event of a
toward reorganization. Meanwhile, the number of employees in
Performance collision accident where an airbag would deploy, and aids in the
the Quality Assurance Division grew by approximately 50% over
following rescue activities.
the past three years, showing an ongoing push to strengthen
EyeSight, the core of SUBARU’s Advanced Driver Assistance The new Levorg is the pride of SUBARU’s safety efforts, bringing
both the organization and its personnel.
System (ADAS), creates a high-precision three-dimensional image together all of these current safety performance technologies. This
The second is manufacturing quality reform, with the goal of
from camera captures, identifying distance, speed, and position vehicle brings out the enjoyment of driving and its safety has been
preventing defects reaching the general public in domains after
in demonstrating superior preventive safety performance. There highly evaluated. As a result, it received the 2020-2021 Car of the
the production preparation stage, where approximately 40% of
are approximately 3,000 fatal accidents each year in Japan, but the Year Japan award and
quality issues occur. SUBARU is currently building a new final
number of fatal accidents involving SUBARU vehicles equipped with the JNCAP Best Award
vehicle inspection wing, with operation to start for each production
EyeSight is decreasing each and every year. In 2019, there were 2020*3 for safety.
line beginning in FYE March 2023.
three fatalities*2 involving SUBARU registered vehicles that were
The third is reforming built-in quality, the source of the
first registered within the past five years. *2 C alculated by SUBARU based on ITARDA data
*3 T he Levorg received the JNCAP Five Star Vehicle Safety Performance 2020 Award, development process that spans from initial exploratory stages
All grades of the SUBARU Levorg released in 2020 are equipped
the highest rating in the Japan New Car Assessment Program (JNCAP), operated
(where approximately 60% of quality issues occur) to development
with the next-generation EyeSight system, featuring a further by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism and the National
Agency for Automotive Safety and Victims’ Aid (NASVA). In addition, the vehicle and design. SUBARU works to identify material points related to
evolution of the original EyeSight system’s safety functions, as received the highest score at the awards with a total of 186.91 points (out of 190).
quality beginning from the most upstream stage of development,
SUBARU works in earnest to eradicate all fatal traffic accidents.
strengthening quality management in all manufacturing processes,
Among SUBARU’s leading-edge safety performance, its EyeSight X
Advanced Driver Assistance System for highway driving has Device Layout in Next-Generation EyeSight New/Performance-Enhancing Devices Existing Devices from development to production to distribution.
New Stereo Cameras
garnered much attention. EyeSight X reduces anxiety and stress on The next-generation EyeSight solution uses stereo cameras that can be affixed to glass to approximately double the angle Fatal traffic accidents of SUBARU cars (estimated from U.S. FARS data)
of view versus the previous cameras. Image recognition and control software performance is also improved. Today
motorways meeting a certain set of conditions, achieving a new
dimension of advanced safety technology with its newly developed Accidents Evolution of ADAS
system utilizing satellite, GPS, and high-precision map data. b v c y e a u h o s i t c e h le d e s r 65 % A A d ss v is a t n a c n e c d e D Sy ri s v t e e r m s
Furthermore, in the interest of achieving zero fatal accidents, reduced
Toward “zero
SUBARU is evolving its preventive safety performance and fatal accidents”
Adoption of AACN
passive safety performance with EyeSight and the SUBARU Global in 2030
35 Advanced Automatic
Platform at the core of its activities. It is also working to enhance Rear Radar Front Radar % Collision Notification
Detects vehicles approaching from the rear. This radar was added to detect vehicles ahead approaching from side reduced
the “connected safety” of its customers through linkage with its angles, which are hard to cover with human and stereo camera line of sight. Accidents
Rear Sonar caused
by own
SUBARU STARLINK and other connected services, providing an Supports collision avoidance when backing up. Electric Brake Booster vehicle Accidents
caused Continuous
This newly-electric brake booster offers even faster collision avoidance by other
additional layer of safety by keeping vehicles connected to and can handle objects suddenly jumping into the path of the vehicle. vehicles enhancement of
passive safety
SUBARU 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. SUBARU has also Accidents
caused by
own vehicle
[TABLE] Accidents
caused
by other
vehicles
[TABLE] Accidents
caused
by own
vehicle
[TABLE] 65
%
reduced
[TABLE] Accidents
caused
by other
vehicles
[TABLE] Accidents
caused by
own vehicle
[TABLE] Adoption of AACN
Advanced Automatic
Collision Notification
[TABLE] Continuous
enhancement of
passive safety

[PAGE 26]
025 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Promote businesses that create diverse forms of market values while respecting the diverse values of all people. Most companies today face social demand for diversity among their employees and diverse ways of working. SUBARU believes that continuing to offer products that contribute to increasing options for our customers and respecting diverse forms of market value will lead to sustainable growth for the company. Achieving this requires diversity of perspective among those who work for the Subaru Group. Diversity for SUBARU therefore has two key meanings: diversity in products and diversity of employees. While pursuing diversity in products, SUBARU will promote diversity among all those who work for the Subaru Group. TOPICS Six Priority Areas for CSR Diversity 04 Why It Is Important to Us

[TABLE] Message
Contents
from the President | The Subaru Group’s
CSR | Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 025
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Six Priority Areas for CSR
TOPICS 04
Diversity

[PAGE 27]
026 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Employee Diversity Subaru of America, Inc. (SOA) operates in North America, a core Subaru Group market. SOA believes that mutual learning and growth between employees with diverse experiences, perspectives, and values will lead to creation of the next generation of businesses, and in turn make the company stronger. With this in mind, SOA takes action with respect to the principles of diversity, equity, and inclusion, and with five employee groups at its core: Subaru Women’s Network, BLENDS, Out + Ally, SARGE, and Evolve. In 2020, these five employee groups have worked together to take a variety of actions toward achieving true inclusion. Subaru Women’s Network The Subaru Women’s Network was established based on the idea that supporting female coworkers leads to a better workplace environment for all employees. In addition to creating opportunities for career advancement for all employees regardless of their gender, it is also a place for female employees to build their networks. In 2020, SOA was selected as the National Association of Women Business Owners (NAWBO) South Jersey 2020 Company of the Year in recognition of its efforts to support women and community organizations. SOA also participated in the Equity Across Our Communities Forum, held by the South Jersey Chamber of Commerce, presenting the history behind and examples of how the chamber and SOA have connected, worked together, and supported each other. Collaborative employee group activities In 2020, these five employee groups took a variety of actions in collaboration with each other. Major initiatives here include joint donations from each group to organizations supporting young people facing a variety of difficulties in Camden, New Jersey, where SOA has a location. Also, the BLENDS and Out + Ally groups jointly held activities and events supporting the African-American community. Furthermore, during National Hispanic Heritage Month, Subaru Women’s Network, Evolve, and BLENDS partnered to hold events and create a virtual art museum featuring local artwork. Building two kinds of diversity for creating unique SUBARU value TOPICS Six Priority Areas for CSR Diversity 04 Diversity of Products SUBARU works to promote product diversity by respecting diverse forms of market value and offering products that contribute to increasing options for its customers. One lineup introduced to the market under this concept is products bringing together the enjoyment of driving uniquely found in SUBARU vehicles while providing the excellent environmental performance called for by the times. These efforts have led to strong market recognition, including the new Levorg being awarded the 2021-2021 Japan Car of the Year and the JNCAP Best Award 2020. The new Levorg inherits SUBARU’s long-held DNA of grand touring vehicles, embodied in the spirit of touring further, faster, more comfortably, and safer. This performance station wagon represents an innovative evolution of the three values of advanced safety, sporty, and station wagon value. Furthermore, in FYE March 2021 in the North America market, SUBARU accelerated its efforts toward stronger product diversity, including the announcement of the second- generation model of its SUBARU BRZ sports car, a car for the modern age stimulating the senses and bringing out the joy and enjoyment of driving. In FYE March 2022, SUBARU decided to name its first global electric vehicle the “SOLTERRA,” a vehicle designed for coexistence with nature as the company enters the era of full-scale electrification. This SUV embodies the unique appeal of electric vehicles (EVs), and is scheduled to release in Japan, U.S., Canada, Europe, China, and other markets around the middle of 2022. Levorg SUBARU BRZ SOLTERRA Selected as Company of the Year Employee group making donations to charitable organizations

[TABLE] Message
Contents
from the President | The Subaru Group’s
CSR | Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 026
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Diversity of Products
TOPICS 04 Six Priority Areas for CSR Diversity
SUBARU works to promote product diversity by respecting
diverse forms of market value and offering products that
Building two kinds of diversity
contribute to increasing options for its customers.
One lineup introduced to the market under this concept is
for creating unique SUBARU value
products bringing together the enjoyment of driving uniquely
found in SUBARU vehicles while providing the excellent
environmental performance called for by the times.
These efforts have led to strong market recognition, including
Employee Diversity
the new Levorg being awarded the 2021-2021 Japan Car of the
Year and the JNCAP Best Award 2020. The new Levorg inherits
Subaru of America, Inc. (SOA) operates in North America, a SUBARU’s long-held DNA of grand touring vehicles, embodied in
core Subaru Group market. SOA believes that mutual learning the spirit of touring further, faster, more comfortably, and safer.
and growth between employees with diverse experiences, This performance station wagon represents an innovative
perspectives, and values will lead to creation of the next evolution of the three values of advanced safety, sporty, and
generation of businesses, and in turn make the company station wagon value. Furthermore, in FYE March 2021 in the North
stronger. With this in mind, SOA takes action with respect America market, SUBARU accelerated its efforts toward stronger
to the principles of diversity, equity, and inclusion, and with Selected as Company of the Year product diversity, including the announcement of the second-
five employee groups at its core: Subaru Women’s Network, generation model of its SUBARU BRZ sports car, a car for the
BLENDS, Out + Ally, SARGE, and Evolve. In 2020, these five Collaborative employee group activities modern age stimulating the senses and bringing out the joy and
employee groups have worked together to take a variety of In 2020, these five employee groups took a variety of actions enjoyment of driving. In FYE March 2022, SUBARU decided to
actions toward achieving true inclusion. in collaboration with each other. Major initiatives here include name its first global electric vehicle the “SOLTERRA,” a vehicle
joint donations from each group to organizations supporting designed for coexistence with nature as the company enters the
Subaru Women’s Network young people facing a variety of difficulties in Camden, New era of full-scale electrification. This SUV embodies the unique
The Subaru Women’s Network was established based on Jersey, where SOA has a location. Also, the BLENDS and Out appeal of electric vehicles (EVs), and is scheduled to release in
the idea that supporting female coworkers leads to a better + Ally groups jointly held activities and events supporting the Japan, U.S., Canada, Europe, China, and other markets around
workplace environment for all employees. In addition to African-American community. Furthermore, during National the middle of 2022.
creating opportunities for career advancement for all employees Hispanic Heritage Month, Subaru Women’s Network, Evolve,
regardless of their gender, it is also a place for female and BLENDS partnered to hold events and create a virtual art
employees to build their networks. In 2020, SOA was selected as museum featuring local artwork.
the National Association of Women Business Owners (NAWBO)
South Jersey 2020 Company of the Year in recognition of its
Levorg SUBARU BRZ
efforts to support women and community organizations. SOA
also participated in the Equity Across Our Communities Forum,
held by the South Jersey Chamber of Commerce, presenting
the history behind and examples of how the chamber and SOA
have connected, worked together, and supported each other.
Employee group making donations to
charitable organizations
SOLTERRA

[PAGE 28]
027 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Cherish and protect the global environment —the earth, the sky and nature—through Group-wide activities. In FYE March 2018, SUBARU revised its Environmental Policy, declaring that “the earth, the sky and nature” are Subaru’s fields of business, and made clear to strive for the coexistence with nature. These words encapsulate our desire to take the greatest possible care of “the earth, the sky and nature,” since they are the fields in which our automotive and aerospace businesses – the pillars of our enterprise – operate. With the concept that sustainability of both society and SUBARU only becomes possible with the existence of rich global environment, that is “the earth, the sky and nature,” the entire Subaru Group will make the greatest possible efforts to undertake global environmental conservation activities. TOPICS Six Priority Areas for CSR Environment 05 Why It Is Important to Us

[TABLE] Message
Contents
from the President | The Subaru Group’s
CSR | Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 027
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Six Priority Areas for CSR
TOPICS 05
Environment
[TABLE] Cherish and protect
the global environment
—the earth, the sky
and nature—through
Group-wide activities.
Why It Is Important to Us
In FYE March 2018, SUBARU revised its Environmental Policy,
declaring that “the earth, the sky and nature” are Subaru’s
fields of business, and made clear to strive for the coexistence
with nature. These words encapsulate our desire to take the
greatest possible care of “the earth, the sky and nature,” since
they are the fields in which our automotive and aerospace
businesses – the pillars of our enterprise – operate. With the
concept that sustainability of both society and SUBARU only
becomes possible with the existence of rich global environment,
that is “the earth, the sky and nature,” the entire Subaru Group
will make the greatest possible efforts to undertake global
environmental conservation activities.

[PAGE 29]
028 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Globally Accelerating a Roadmap for a Carbon-free Society SUBARU considers contribution to the realization of a carbon- free society as a critical corporate initiative, and works to reduce CO2 using the uniqueness and technological innovation of the SUBARU Difference. We have set the direction of targeting carbon neutrality around 2050, and formulated a long-term target to reduce average well-to-wheel *1 CO2 emissions from new vehicles (in operation) sold worldwide by 90% *2 or more compared to 2010 levels. As a milestone toward this target, SUBARU set two medium-term targets: make at least 40% of SUBARU global sales electric vehicles (EVs) or hybrid electric vehicles (HEVs) by 2030, and apply electrification technologies *3 to all SUBARU vehicles produced and sold worldwide *4 by the first half of the 2030s. In January 2020, SUBARU also announced a roadmap for electrification. Over the short term, SUBARU expects to increase its ratio of electrified vehicles, including electric and hybrid electric vehicles, replacing motors with electric motors in the future. The Company believes it can utilize its AWD control knowledge more effectively in motors with higher precision and responsiveness, leading to an even stronger SUBARU Difference of driving stability, dynamics, and enjoyment. Creating Better Cars Through SUBARU’s First Global EV The SOLTERRA C-segment SUV, jointly developed with Toyota Motor Corporation, will become SUBARU’s first electric vehicle launched globally on its release in mid-2022. SUBARU’s customers, in the U.S. and beyond, expect not only safety performance, but AWD driving stability in poor weather, and an enjoyable drive, among others. In developing SUBARU’s first EV, SUBARU utilized its proprietary driving force distribution, adaptable to changing road conditions and founded in SUBARU’s deep insights in AWD, and its highly responsive motor control to strengthen its handling stability even further, resulting in enjoyment and peace of mind commensurate with the SUBARU Difference. By using the jointly developed e-SUBARU GLOBAL PLATFORM dedicated to electric vehicles, SUBARU created a polished driving experience only found in its vehicles. The SOLTERRA will launch in the Japanese market, as well as in the U.S., Canada, Europe, China, and elsewhere. Going forward, SUBARU will continue to strive to create better cars through the development of EVs combining the enjoyment of driving and environmental performance. Using unique technology perspectives to create better cars with the SUBARU Difference Reducing CO2 emissions with electrification technologies while further accentuating “SUBARU-ness” in the environmental era 2020 Launch Compact SUV model first 2018 Plug-in Hybrid 202X Strong Hybrid 203X All are xEVs* Newly-designed 1.8L lean-burn turbo engines Adding SHEVs EV Hybrid Vehicles Engine Vehicles 2025 2030 2035 2020 Apply electrification technologies to all SUBARU vehicles sold worldwide by the first half of the 2030s 2022 * Vehicles with electrification technology. *1 Well-to-Wheel: Approach to calculating CO2 emissions including the emissions produced by the generation of electricity to be used by EVs and other vehicles. *2 Reduce total CO2 emissions calculated based on the fuel efficiency (notified value) of all SUBARU automobiles sold across the world by 90% or more relative to the 2010 levels in 2050. Changes in the sales quantity due to changes in the market environment shall be taken into consideration, while minor changes in running distance shall not. *3 Refers to the technology used to foster the use of electricity for EVs, HEVs, and others. *4 Excluding models supplied by OEMs. Environmental efforts with commitment to enhancing the SUBARU Difference CO2 reduction roadmap By 2030 Make at least 40% of SUBARU global sales EVs or HEVs. By the 1st half of the 2030s Apply electrification technologies to all SUBARU vehicles sold worldwide. By 2050 Reduce average well-to-wheel CO2 emissions from new vehicles sold worldwide by at least 90% compared to 2010 levels. Contribute toward achieving carbon neutrality We will continue to enhance the SUBARU Difference in the age of electrification and accelerate the roadmap toward 2050. With highly responsive electric motors, SUBARU’s AWD capability and driving dynamics will be further enhanced. TOPICS Six Priority Areas for CSR Environment 05

[TABLE] Message
Contents
from the President | The Subaru Group’s
CSR | Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 028
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] TOPICS 05 Six Priority Areas for CSR Environment Creating Better Cars Through SUBARU’s
First Global EV
Using unique technology perspectives to create
The SOLTERRA C-segment SUV, jointly developed with Toyota
Motor Corporation, will become SUBARU’s first electric vehicle
better cars with the SUBARU Difference launched globally on its release in mid-2022.
SUBARU’s customers, in the U.S. and beyond, expect not
only safety performance, but AWD driving stability in poor
weather, and an enjoyable drive, among others. In developing
Globally Accelerating a Roadmap for a In January 2020, SUBARU also announced a roadmap SUBARU’s first EV, SUBARU utilized its proprietary driving force
Carbon-free Society for electrification. Over the short term, SUBARU expects to distribution, adaptable to changing road conditions and founded
increase its ratio of electrified vehicles, including electric and in SUBARU’s deep insights in AWD, and its highly responsive
SUBARU considers contribution to the realization of a carbon- hybrid electric vehicles, replacing motors with electric motors in motor control to strengthen its handling stability even further,
free society as a critical corporate initiative, and works to the future. The Company believes it can utilize its AWD control resulting in enjoyment and peace of mind commensurate
reduce CO2 using the uniqueness and technological innovation knowledge more effectively in motors with higher precision with the SUBARU Difference. By using the jointly developed
of the SUBARU Difference. and responsiveness, leading to an even stronger SUBARU e-SUBARU GLOBAL PLATFORM dedicated to electric vehicles,
We have set the direction of targeting carbon neutrality Difference of driving stability, dynamics, and enjoyment. SUBARU created a polished driving experience only found in
around 2050, and formulated a long-term target to reduce its vehicles. The SOLTERRA will launch in the Japanese market,
average well-to-wheel*1 CO2 emissions from new vehicles (in *1 p W ro el d l- u to ce -W d h b e y e t l h : e A p g p en ro e a r c a h ti o to n o ca f l e cu le la ct t r in ic g it y C t O o 2 b e e m u is s s e i d on b s y i n E c V lu s d a i n n d g o th th e e e r m ve is h s i i c o l n e s s . as well as in the U.S., Canada, Europe, China, and elsewhere.
operation) sold worldwide by 90%*2 or more compared to *2 R educe total CO2 emissions calculated based on the fuel efficiency (notified value) Going forward, SUBARU will continue to strive to create better
2010 levels. As a milestone toward this target, SUBARU set two of all SUBARU automobiles sold across the world by 90% or more relative to the cars through the development of EVs combining the enjoyment
2010 levels in 2050. Changes in the sales quantity due to changes in the market
medium-term targets: make at least 40% of SUBARU global sales environment shall be taken into consideration, while minor changes in running of driving and environmental performance.
electric vehicles (EVs) or hybrid electric vehicles (HEVs) by 2030, distance shall not.
and apply electrification technologies*3 to all SUBARU vehicles *3 R efers to the technology used to foster the use of electricity for EVs, HEVs, and others.
produced and sold worldwide*4 by the first half of the 2030s. *4 E xcluding models supplied by OEMs.
Environmental efforts with commitment to enhancing the
SUBARU Difference Reducing CO2 emissions with electrification technologies while further accentuating “SUBARU-ness” in the environmental era
CO2 reduction roadmap 2020 2025 2030 2035
EV 2022
By 2030 Make at least 40% of SUBARU global sales EVs or HEVs. Launch Compact SUV model first
Hybrid Vehicles
By the 1st half Apply electrification technologies to all
of the 2030s SUBARU vehicles sold worldwide. 2018 Plug-in Hybrid
202X Strong Hybrid
Reduce average well-to-wheel CO2 emissions from new vehicles
By 2050
sold worldwide by at least 90% compared to 2010 levels. Adding SHEVs
203X All are xEVs*
Contribute toward achieving carbon neutrality Engine Vehicles 2020
Apply electrification technologies to
With highly responsive electric motors, SUBARU’s AWD capability and driving dynamics will be further enhanced. Newly-designed 1.8L lean-burn turbo engines
all SUBARU vehicles sold worldwide
We will continue to enhance the SUBARU Difference in the age of electrification and by the first half of the 2030s
accelerate the roadmap toward 2050.
* Vehicles with electrification technology.
[TABLE] 2022
Launch Compact SUV model
[TABLE] 2022
[TABLE] first
[TABLE] 2018 | Plug-in Hybrid
[TABLE] 202X Stron
Adding SHEVs | 202X Stron | g Hybrid
[TABLE] 203X All are xEVs*
Apply electrification technol
all SUBARU vehicles sold wo
by the first half of the 2030s | ogies to
rldwide
[TABLE] 2020
[TABLE] Newly-designed 1.8L lean-burn turb | o engines

[PAGE 30]
029 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Act in good faith and become a company that is trusted by and resonates with society. Having reflected on the previous lack of awareness of societal norms in the execution of our duties, flaws in our internal rules, and the inadequate understanding of laws and regulations relevant to our operations, SUBARU is keenly aware of the need to change ways of thinking and completely change the culture. SUBARU will dedicate the whole of the Subaru Group to promoting initiatives focused on compliance as a priority, with the aim of ensuring that SUBARU resonates with and inspires trust in our customers and all other stakeholders. TOPICS Six Priority Areas for CSR Compliance 06 Why It Is Important to Us

[TABLE] Message
Contents
from the President | The Subaru Group’s
CSR | Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 029
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Six Priority Areas for CSR
TOPICS 06
Compliance
Act in good faith and
become a company
that is trusted by and
resonates with society.
Why It Is Important to Us
Having reflected on the previous lack of awareness of societal
norms in the execution of our duties, flaws in our internal rules,
and the inadequate understanding of laws and regulations
relevant to our operations, SUBARU is keenly aware of the
need to change ways of thinking and completely change the
culture. SUBARU will dedicate the whole of the Subaru Group to
promoting initiatives focused on compliance as a priority, with
the aim of ensuring that SUBARU resonates with and inspires
trust in our customers and all other stakeholders.

[PAGE 31]
030 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index TOPICS Six Priority Areas for CSR Compliance 06 Toward Deeper Compliance Initiatives At SUBARU, compliance is positioned as one of the most important management issues. SUBARU instills in each employee a strong awareness that they must observe all laws and internal regulations relevant to its business activities, that its corporate activities must be executed in manner that is fair and just and in conformance with general social ethics, common sense and standards, and that these principles should be reflected in their actions. To this end, SUBARU has created and operates a compliance system/ organization, and carries out activities such as providing all kinds of training for these purposes. In addition to actions that come from the existing compliance mindset of obeying laws and regulations, we are striving to instill sincere conduct based on social norms and ethics and making assertive, voluntary actions that come from an integrity mindset in executives and employees through education. Furthermore, to promote future activities with the entire group, we have formulated and are enforcing a universal Compliance Policy for the Group, and are sharing information. October of every year has been designated as Compliance Month, and in order to raise compliance awareness, SUBARU conducts enlightenment campaigns and compliance training through in-house methods, such as internal newsletters. In FYE March 2021, SUBARU implemented reforms to instill and execute the Think Compliance initiative. In order for each Subaru Group employee to take ownership and execute the Think Compliance initiative, in addition to the uniform company-wide training programs it has engaged in so far, SUBARU works to uncover each department’s compliance issues, promoting the Think Compliance initiative for drafting and executing response plans, and striving to instill self-sustaining initiatives. To do this, SUBARU is working to build thorough, active communication in workplaces that comes from an awareness of issues raised by all persons regardless of their positions and the wide ability to notice when something is wrong based on diversity, not only from a legal compliance perspective but also with regard to social norms. With regard to the execution of company-wide and division-based training programs in FYE March 2021, SUBARU explored and promoted the introduction of new training content and methods, such as moving to online-based compliance training, in light of work environment changes due to COVID-19. Going forward, it will continue to strive toward building more effective training content and methods. In FYE March 2022, SUBARU will continue to promote uniform company-wide training efforts, and by further stimulating training programs held by each division, it will work to instill and execute the Think Compliance initiative among each individual Subaru Group member. Monitoring Initiatives In order to ensure the effectiveness of compliance activities, SUBARU also focuses on monitoring for each initiative. Specifically, in its monitoring for the prevention of bribery, SUBARU collects information to ascertain the presence of cases that may constitute compliance violations through company-wide compliance activities, its whistleblowing system, and other channels. Furthermore, it strives to use actions like the Internal Audit Department’s business audits to detect cases early. Furthermore, SUBARU has established a system to report high- risk cases to the Risk Management and Compliance Committee and the Board of Directors, in an effort to strengthen oversight. SUBARU has established the Compliance Hotline system, where regular or temporary employees of the Subaru Group who have detected a problem related to compliance within the Group can consult with the Hotline Desk. Based on the relevant regulations, this Desk is where employees affiliated with the appointed Risk Management and Compliance Office directly receive mail, telephone calls, and e-mail, investigate facts, and provide response. The Desk works to quickly and flexibly address consultation matters, headed by the Risk Management and Compliance Office Manager. Also, it reports to the proper management members and the Risk Management and Compliance Committee, working toward preventive measures. Changing each individual’s awareness and actions. Then, creating an organization that collaborates in thought and action. 27日まで感性重視で判断を。28日以降、話し合いを尊重して。 仕事運 Sagittarius いて座 3日から27日まで無駄を正して。28日以降、カード決済がマル。 金運 運動量を増やすと吉! 健康運 あなたへ 幸運を呼び込む 西洋占星術 レイナ里亜 1日から22日 23日から31日 1日・3日吉。 27日・28日注意 吉の日・注意の日 Capricorn やぎ座 27日まで理性的な意見を尊重。28日以降、柔軟に変えて正解。 仕事運 3日から27日まで大きな出費を決断して。28日以降、蓄えを増やしたい。 金運 ぜひ歯科検診を。 健康運 あなたへ 幸運を呼び込む 西洋占星術 レイナ里亜 28日・31日吉。 9日・10日注意 吉の日・注意の日 23日から31日 1日から22日 COMPLIANCE ※1 自分たちの利益を追求するだけでなく、事業を通じて社会に貢献しなければならないという考え方 ※2 売り手、買い手、社会が満足しなければ良い商売ではないという考え方 ※3 利益は自身の事業への再投資だけでなく、お得意先・お取引先へのサービスや社会貢献に役立てられなければならないという考え方 も 、 「 自 律 性 と 自 発 性 」 で す 。 考 え る こ と に 躊 躇 し な い で く だ さ い 。 逡 巡 し な い で く だ さ い 。 そ し て 何 よ り も 、 答 え が 直 ち に 見 つ か ら な い こ と を 恥 じ な い で く だ さ い 。 答 え は 必 ず 皆 さ ん の 胸 の 内 に あ り ま す 。 時 間 を か け て も か ま い ま せ ん 。 こ こ で 、 考 え る 際 の ヒ ン ト を 挙 げ た い と 思 い ま す 。 そ れ は 、 イ ン テ グ リ テ ィ ー と い う 「 良 い こ と を す る 」 と い う 意 味 で 使 わ れ る コ ン プ ラ イ ア ン ス の 考 え 方 で す 。 従 来 型 の コ ン プ ラ イ ア ン ス が 法 律 を 守 る と い う 消 極 的 ・ 受 動 的 な 発 想 で あ る の に 対 し て 、 良 い こ と を す る イ ン テ グ リ テ ィ ー は 積 極 的 ・ 能 動 的 な 意 味 合 い を 持 ち ま す 。 で す か ら 、 こ の 方 が 、 よ り 広 が り を 持 っ て 柔 軟 に コ ン プ ラ イ ア ン ス と は 何 か に 思 い を 馳 せ る こ と が で き ま す 。 自 分 の 周 囲 に 対 す る 思 い や り 、 気 遣 い 、 気 配 り の 気 持 ち を 持 て ば 、 必 ず 答 え は 見 つ か り ま す 。 コ ン プ ラ イ ア ン ス 月 間 に 、 コ ン プ ラ イ ア ン ス の 意 味 を 今 一 度 じ っ く り と 考 え て み る 。 そ れ も き っ と 皆 さ ん の 今 後 の 糧 に な る と 信 じ て い ま す 。 思 い や り や 気 遣 い が コ ン プ ラ イ ア ン ス の ヒ ン ト コ ン プ ラ イ ア ン ス と は 一 体 何 な の で し ょ う か 。 外 国 か ら 輸 入 さ れ た 概 念 で あ る こ と は お わ か り で し ょ う 。 も と も と は 20 世 紀 後 半 に 企 業 不 祥 事 が 重 な り 、 法 律 だ け で 正 し い 企 業 活 動 を 強 制 し よ う と し て も 、 不 正 を 防 ぐ こ と が で き な か っ た と い う 事 情 が 背 景 に あ り ま す 。 外 か ら 企 業 活 動 の 正 し さ を 強 制 す る だ け で は な く 、 企 業 内 部 か ら の 自 発 的 な 体 質 改 善 を 促 す こ と が 本 質 的 に は 必 要 で あ る と い う 考 え 方 が 強 く 打 ち 出 さ れ る よ う に な っ た の で す 。 こ う し た 経 緯 か ら 、 正 し い 企 業 活 動 を 自 律 的 に 進 め る 枠 組 み と し て 提 起 さ れ た の が コ ン プ ラ イ ア ン ス だ と 言 わ れ て い ま す 。 経 営 者 ト ッ プ が 自 ら 正 し い 会 社 で あ る こ と を 〝 自 己 認 証 〞 し 、 そ の 旨 を 広 く 内 外 に 宣 言 す る こ と が 、 不 正 を 防 ぐ 縁 ( よ す が ) に な る と 考 え ら れ ま し た 。 英 語 の C o m p l i a n c e の 意 味 は 正 し い 企 業 活 動 を 自 律 的 に 進 め る 枠 組 み 「 承 諾 、 服 従 」 で す 。 企 業 コ ン プ ラ イ ア ン ス の 場 合 、 法 律 を 守 る こ と 、 と な り ま す 。 こ の と き ポ イ ン ト は 、 「 自 律 性 と 自 発 性 」 で す 。 や ら さ れ る コ ン プ ラ イ ア ン ス 、 こ れ さ え や れ ば よ い と い っ た コ ン プ ラ イ ア ン ス は 、 本 当 の コ ン プ ラ イ ア ン ス で は あ り ま せ ん 。 日 本 で は 2 0 0 0 年 代 に 大 規 模 な 脱 税 や セ ク ハ ラ 、 パ ワ ハ ラ な ど の 問 題 が 重 な っ た 頃 、 注 目 を 集 め る よ う に な り 、 も と も と 法 令 遵 守 と い う 視 点 よ り も 広 い 意 味 で そ の コ ン セ プ ト が 受 け 止 め ら れ て き ま し た 。 よ く 例 示 さ れ て い る よ う に 、 住 友 グ ル ー プ が 4 0 0 年 に わ た っ て 社 是 と し て き た 「 自 利 利 他 公 私 一 如 ※ 1 」 、 伊 藤 忠 の 創 業 精 神 と さ れ る 「 三 方 よ し ※ 2 」 、 サ ン ト リ ー の 不 変 の 価 値 観 と さ れ る 「 利 益 三 分 主 義 ※ 3 」 な ど の 発 想 が 広 く 経 済 社 会 の 基 底 に 根 付 い て い る こ と か ら 、 法 令 だ け で な く 、 社 会 的 な 法 令 遵 守 よ り も 広 い 意 味 で 使 わ れ て い る 要 請 や 世 の 中 で 認 知 さ れ て い る 倫 理 、 エ チ ケ ッ ト を 含 む 社 会 的 な ル ー ル を 遵 守 す る と い う 、 社 会 性 を 強 く も っ た 概 念 と し て 受 け 止 め る こ と に 抵 抗 感 が な か っ た か ら な の だ ろ う と 思 わ れ ま す 。 最 近 で は 、 個 々 の 業 務 に 潜 む リ ス ク を 察 知 し て 、 そ れ に 対 処 す る 「 リ ス ク 管 理 」 に ま で 概 念 が 拡 張 し て く る な ど 、 新 た な 展 開 が 見 ら れ ま す 。 そ の 主 体 は 特 定 の 部 署 や 特 定 の 担 当 者 の 責 務 と し て 捉 え ら れ て い る も の で は あ り ま せ ん 。 役 員 を 含 む す べ て の 社 員 で す 。 私 た ち が コ ン プ ラ イ ア ン ス を 考 え る と き 、 こ う し た 世 の 中 の 動 き に も 敏 に 反 応 し 、 適 時 適 切 に キ ャ ッ チ ア ッ プ し 続 け て い く こ と が 求 め ら れ ま す 。 た だ 、 こ の 領 域 に お い て は 、 正 し い 答 え は な く 、 正 し い 問 い が あ る だ け だ 、 と 言 わ れ て い ま す 。 正 し い 問 い と し て の 「 コ ン プ ラ イ ア ン ス と は 何 か 」 に 対 し て 、 そ れ ぞ れ の 立 場 で 、 そ れ ぞ れ が 考 え る 社 会 的 要 請 を 踏 ま え 、 ど う ふ る ま う か を 考 え 、 自 ら 答 え を 見 出 し て い く し か な い と い う こ と で す 。 キ ー ワ ー ド は こ こ で 自 律 性 と 自 発 性 に よ っ て 自 ら 答 え を 探 す も の キ ー ワ ー ド は 「 自 律 性 と 自 発 性 」 で す 今一度考えてみましょう コンプライアンスとは? コンプライアンス月間をきっかけに、 今一度自分の業務を見直してみませんか。 意識を変え、行動を変えることで、 風通しの良い会社に変えていきましょう! 取締役専務執行役員CRMO (最高リスク管理責任者) コンプライアンス委員長 加藤洋一 「インテグリティー」を行動の基軸に コンプライアンスにおいて重要とされているのは、インテグリティーの考えを全員が 理解して実践することと言われています。「悪いことをしない」といった考え方に加え、 「インテグリティー=誠実さ(良いことをする)」に基づく積極的な行動を心掛けてみませんか? 10月はコンプライアンス月間です 「自分が落としたわけではないので、 拾わなくてもいい」 「ルールではないので、行動しなくても悪くない」といった 消極的な発想に陥りがち 「悪いことをしない」を基軸に考えると... 「社内はきれいな方が気持ちよく仕事できるよね」 「人としてやるべきことをやろう」といった 積極的な行動を起こしやすい 「良いことをする」を基軸に考えると... 例えば 「社内で落ちているゴミを見た時」 違和感を大切にした対話(コミュニ ケーション)による課題抽出、課題 解決に向けて知恵を出し合う「考え るコンプライアンス」を推進する。 POINT 1 部門の壁を超えたコンプライアン スに関する取り組みを推進する。 (組織の縦割主義的な考え方から の脱却) POINT 2 「悪いことをしない」だけではなく、 「良いことをする」という積極的姿 勢による業務遂行を推進する。 POINT 3 2020年度グループコンプライアンス方針 「困っている同僚に協力する」 「お客様により良い商品を提供する」 「地域社会に貢献する」 といった行動も、原点はインテグリティーです。 「人としてどうあるべきか」、 「社会と共生する会社としてどうあるべきか」といった発想を 社内外での行動の原点にしていきましょう。 その行動が、必ずや「社会に愛される会社」や「豊かな人生」につながります。 ● ● ● 25 24 SHUHO OCT. 2020 No.777 SHUHO OCT. 2020 No.777 In-house magazine “Shuho” October 2020 edition special feature page Sample Online Compliance Training Programs • New employee training (after starting official employment) • Rank-specific training (new managers and associate managers) • Power harassment training for General Managers • Training for managers at dealerships in Japan Other self-guided/voluntary training by divisions and Group companies

[TABLE] Message
Contents
from the President | The Subaru Group’s
CSR | Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 030
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Monitoring Initiatives
TOPICS 06 Six Priority Areas for CSR Compliance
In order to ensure the effectiveness of compliance activities,
Changing each individual’s awareness and actions.
SUBARU also focuses on monitoring for each initiative.
Specifically, in its monitoring for the prevention of bribery, SUBARU
Then, creating an organization that collaborates
collects information to ascertain the presence of cases that may
constitute compliance violations through company-wide
in thought and action.
compliance activities, its whistleblowing system, and other
channels. Furthermore, it strives to use actions like the Internal
Audit Department’s business audits to detect cases early.
Toward Deeper Compliance Initiatives Think Compliance initiative for drafting and executing response Furthermore, SUBARU has established a system to report high-
plans, and striving to instill self-sustaining initiatives. To do this, risk cases to the Risk Management and Compliance Committee
At SUBARU, compliance is positioned as one of the most important SUBARU is working to build thorough, active communication in and the Board of Directors, in an effort to strengthen oversight.
management issues. SUBARU instills in each employee a strong workplaces that comes from an awareness of issues raised by all SUBARU has established the Compliance Hotline system, where
awareness that they must observe all laws and internal regulations persons regardless of their positions and the wide ability to notice regular or temporary employees of the Subaru Group who have
relevant to its business activities, that its corporate activities must when something is wrong based on diversity, not only from a legal detected a problem related to compliance within the Group can
be executed in manner that is fair and just and in conformance compliance perspective but also with regard to social norms. With consult with the Hotline Desk. Based on the relevant regulations,
with general social ethics, common sense and standards, and that regard to the execution of company-wide and division-based this Desk is where employees affiliated with the appointed Risk
these principles should be reflected in their actions. To this end, training programs in FYE March 2021, SUBARU explored and Management and Compliance Office directly receive mail,
SUBARU has created and operates a compliance system/ promoted the introduction of new training content and methods, telephone calls, and e-mail, investigate facts, and provide response.
organization, and carries out activities such as providing all kinds of such as moving to online-based compliance training, in light of The Desk works to quickly and flexibly address consultation matters,
training for these purposes. work environment changes due to COVID-19. Going forward, it headed by the Risk Management and Compliance Office Manager.
In addition to actions that come from the existing compliance will continue to strive toward building more effective training Also, it reports to the proper management members and the Risk
mindset of obeying laws and regulations, we are striving to instill content and methods. Management and Compliance Committee, working toward
sincere conduct based on social norms and ethics and making In FYE March 2022, SUBARU will continue to promote uniform preventive measures.
assertive, voluntary actions that come from an integrity mindset in company-wide training efforts, and by further stimulating training
executives and employees through education. programs held by each division, it will work to instill and execute
Sample Online Compliance Training Programs
Furthermore, to promote future activities with the entire group, the Think Compliance initiative among each individual Subaru
we have formulated and are enforcing a universal Compliance Group member. • New employee training
Policy for the Group, and are sharing information. October of (after starting official employment)
every year has been designated as Compliance Month, and in order 10月はコンプライアンス月間です • Rank-specific training
to raise compliance awareness, SUBARU conducts enlightenment campaigns and compliance training through in-house methods, s uch In a F s Y in E t e M rn a a rc l h n e 2 w 0 s 2 l 1 e , t t S e U rs B . ARU implemented reforms to instill 英語の ました。 防ぐ縁（よすが）になると考えられ 広く内外に宣言することが、不正を ることを〝自己認証〟し、その旨を 経営者トップが自ら正しい会社であ ンプライアンスだと言われています。 める枠組みとして提起されたのがコ から、正しい企業活動を自律的に進 ようになったのです。こうした経緯 るという考え方が強く打ち出される を促すことが本質的には必要であ 企業内部からの自発的な体質改善 の正しさを強制するだけではなく、 が背景にあります。外から企業活動 防ぐことができなかったという事情 活動を強制しようとしても、不正を 事が重なり、法律だけで正しい企業 2 もともとは世紀後半に企業不祥 0 念であることはおわかりでしょう。 でしょうか。外国から輸入された概 コンプライアンスとは一体何なの and execute the Think Compliance initiative. In order for each Compliance キ ー ワ ー ド は の意味は 進める枠組み 正しい企業活動を自律的に とから、法令だけでなく、社会的な く経済社会の基底に根付いているこ 「利益三分主義」などの発想が広 ※3 サントリーの不変の価値観とされる の創業精神とされる「三方よし」、※2 た「自利利他公私一如」、伊藤忠 ※1 400 が 年にわたって社是としてき 示されているように、住友グループ が受け止められてきました。よく例 点よりも広い意味でそのコンセプト になり、もともと法令遵守という視 題が重なった頃、注目を集めるよう 脱税やセクハラ、パワハラなどの問 2000 日本では 年代に大規模な 使われている 法令遵守よりも広い意味で ません。 本当のコンプライアンスではあり ばよいといったコンプライアンスは、れます。 るコンプライアンス、これさえやれ 「自律性と自発性」です。やらされ となります。このときポイントは、 イアンスの場合、法律を守ること、 「承諾、服従」です。企業コンプラ 「インテグリティー」を行動の基軸に 今一度考えてみましょう 違ケ解る P コ ー決 和O ン I シに 感NT プ ョ向 を 「 1 ラ ンけ 大 イ イ ）て 切 ン に 理 ア コ 知 に テ よ 解 ン し ン 恵る グし ス た プ を リ 課 て 」 ラ 対 を出 テ実 題 イ 話 推し ィ 2 践 抽（ ア 合進 0 ーす 出コ ン うす 2 ＝る 「 ミ、 ス る 0 誠 課 こ 考 ュ に 。 年 と実 ニ題え おとさ 度 い （言て （ 良わ 部ス の グ 重 組 い P れ 脱 に門O 要 ル こ 織 I て 却 の関 N と と の T い ） ー 壁す さ を 2 縦 ま をる れ す プ す 割 超 て 取 る。 主 コ 「い えり ）」 義 悪る た組 に ン 的 いの コ 基 み こは な プ ン づ を と、 考 プ く 推 ラ をイ え ラ 積 進 しン イ 方 イ 極 す なテ ア か 的 ア る いグ ら ン な 。 リ」 ン 行とテ 動い ス 「「 ィ 勢 をっ 悪良 ー P に 方 心た Oいい の I よ N 考掛 こ 考 こ 針 T る けえ とと 3 え 業 て方 をを を 務 みに し 全 す遂 ま加 なる 員 行 せえ い が 」を ん、 と」 推 だ か いけ 進 ？ うで す 積る は極。 な的く姿、 コ コ今意風 ン一識通 プ しを度ラ の 自変 ン イ 良 分え ア い、のン 会 業行 ス プ 社動務月 にをを間 変 見変 を え 直え き ラ て しる っ い てこ か き みと け ま まで に イ し、せ、 ょ ん う か ！ 。 アンス （コ取 加 最ン締高 藤プ役リラ専ス 洋イ務 と クア一 執管ン行理ス役責 は 委員任員C者長R）M ？ O ● ● ● 「 「と 社そ 人 困い 内の と っっ 外行 し てた で動 て い行 のが ど る動 行、 う 例 同 必 も 動あ 僚 え ず 、 のる に ば 原 や原べ 「 「 協点 点き 社 力は に 社 か 会 すイ し」 に るン、「 内 て愛 」「テ社 「 「 いさ で おグ会 自 き 社 れ 「 「 「 客リと 消 積 分 ま 落 内「 る ル 人 様テ共 極 極 悪が し はと ー 会 良 に ち ィ生 的 的 落 ょ きし い ル 社 よー い す な な て と う れ で て 」 こ りでる し 行 や や 発 こ 。 は い 「 と 良す会 い た 動る 想な とな 豊 を い。社 わ をべ にい 方を る か 商 と けし き起 の陥 がす な 品 し で ここ ゴ でり な 気 人 て る を と は し 、が 持 い ミ 行 生 を ど 提 な や 」 ち ち 動 」 」 や う 供 を い す を に よ を し ろ あ す の い 基く つ な う 見 る 基 る で 仕 な 軸 く 」 べ 、 」「 軸 と事 て が た 拾 に き 地 いで も り にわ か 考 時 域 っ 悪 き ま な考 」 た 社 く るえ と す く 」 え な 会 よ い る て 。 い に る ね っ も と 」 貢 と 」 い た と … 献 い 発 い … す 」 想 っ る た を 」 「 自 律 性 と 自 発 性 」で す (new managers and associate managers) • Power harassment training for General Managers • Training for managers at dealerships in Japan Other self-guided/voluntary training by divisions and Group companies
S u b a ru G r o u p e m p lo y e e t o t a k e o w n e r s h ip a n d e x e c u te t h e T h ink の今後の糧になると信じています。 と考えてみる。それもきっと皆さん ライアンスの意味を今一度じっくり コンプライアンス月間に、コンプ 必ず答えは見つかります。 気遣い、気配りの気持ちを持てば、 ます。自分の周囲に対する思いやり、 とは何かに思いを馳せることができ りを持って柔軟にコンプライアンス す。ですから、この方が、より広が 積極的・能動的な意味合いを持ちま 良いことをするインテグリティーは 的・受動的な発想であるのに対して、 ライアンスが法律を守るという消極 ンスの考え方です。従来型のコンプ という意味で使われるコンプライア リティーという「良いことをする」 たいと思います。それは、インテグ ここで、考える際のヒントを挙げ コンプライアンスのヒント 思いやりや気遣いが かけてもかまいません。 皆さんの胸の内にあります。時間を を恥じないでください。答えは必ず も、答えが直ちに見つからないこと 巡しないでください。そして何より ることに躊躇しないでください。逡 も、「自律性と自発性」です。考え いうことです。キーワードはここで ら答えを見出していくしかないと まえ、どうふるまうかを考え、自 それぞれが考える社会的要請を踏 は何か」に対して、それぞれの立場で、 問いとしての「コンプライアンスと だけだ、と言われています。正しい しい答えはなく、正しい問いがある す。ただ、この領域においては、正 ップし続けていくことが求められま 敏に反応し、適時適切にキャッチア るとき、こうした世の中の動きにも 私たちがコンプライアンスを考え 自ら答えを探すもの 自律性と自発性によって を含むすべての社員です。 ているものではありません。役員 定の担当者の責務として捉えられ ます。その主体は特定の部署や特 てくるなど、新たな展開が見られ 「リスク管理」にまで概念が拡張し スクを察知して、それに対処する 最近では、個々の業務に潜むリ 感がなかったからなのだろうと思わ た概念として受け止めることに抵抗 遵守するという、社会性を強くもっ エチケットを含む社会的なルールを 要請や世の中で認知されている倫理、
C o m p li a n c e i n i ti a t i v e , in a d d i t i o n t o t h e u n if o rm c o m p a n y - w i d e In-house magazine “Shuho”
SHUHO SHUHO
tr a i n i n g p r o g r a m s i t h a s e n g a g e d i n s o f a r , S U B A R U w o rk s t o ※※※123 自 売利分り益手たは 、ち自買の身 いの利 手事益、業社を へ会追のが求再満す 投る足資だし だけなけけででれな なくばく、良事、お い業得商を意売通 先でじ・はおて な取社い引会と先に いへ貢うの献考 サしえーな方ビけ スれやば社 な会ら貢な 献いにとい役 う立考て えら方れ な ければな らな いという 考え方 COMPLIANCE 幸運西レ あを洋イ な ナ呼占た 里び星へ 亜術込む Cやapぎric座orn仕金健 事運康 運 運ぜ 237日ひ 日か歯 まら科 で2検7理日診 性まを 的で。 な大意き見なを出尊費重を。決28断日し以て降。、2柔8日軟以に降変、え蓄てえ正を解増。やしたい。吉298日の日・・日1・301日注日注意吉意の。日21日3日かからら2231日日 幸運西レ あを洋イ な ナ呼占た 里び星へ 亜術込む Sいagiてtta座rius仕金健 事運康 運 運運 237日動 日か量 まらを で2増 感7日や 性ます 重でと 視無吉 で駄！ 判を断正をし。て28。日28以日降以、降話、しカ合ーいドを決尊済重がしマてル。。 吉2１7の日日・・日・32日8注日吉意注。の意日123日日かからら2231日日 25 24 OCT. 2020 No.777 OCT. 2020 No.777 October 2020 edition special feature page
uncover each department’s compliance issues, promoting the
[TABLE] 月はコンプライアンス月間で
今一度考えてみましょう
コンプライアンスとは？
[TABLE] コ今意風 ン一識通 プ しを度ラ の 自変 イ 良 分え ア い、のン 会 業行 ス 社動務月 にをを間 変 見変 を え 直え き て しる っ い てこ か き みと け ま まで に し、せ、 ょ ん う か ！ 。 （コ取 加 最ン締高 藤プ役リラ専ス 洋イ務クア一 執管ン行理ス役責委員任員C者長R）MO

[PAGE 32]
031 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index Environment 032 Environmental Management 043 Environmentally Friendly Automobiles 049 Climate Change 058 Resource Recycling 062 Water Resources 064 Biodiversity 069 Prevention of Pollution 071 FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 031
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environment 032 Environmental Management 064 Biodiversity
043 Environmentally Friendly Automobiles 069 Prevention of Pollution
049 Climate Change 071 F YE March 2021 Environmental Performance
058 Resource Recycling Data for Plants and Offices
062 Water Resources

[PAGE 33]
032 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index Environmental Management In its Environmental Policies, SUBARU states that our fields of business are “the earth, the sky and nature” and focuses on efforts aimed at coexistence with nature. In mid-term management vision “STEP,” we are committed to making environmental contributions by enhancing the environmental performance of our products. We include “Environment” in the Six Priority Areas for CSR and deem it important to conduct environmental activities as a precondition to continue our business activities. In order to foster environmental activities across the Subaru Group, we have our Environment Committee as well as a cross- company integrated environmental management system, which covers all Group sites, domestic and overseas consolidated production companies and SUBARU CORPORATION dealers in Japan and abroad. Based on this system, we are fostering environmental management activities through an all-Subaru approach, including formulating medium- to long-term environmental targets, implementing measures to achieve the targets, complying with environmental laws and regulations, managing chemical substances, and compiling environmental performance data. Our Approach SUBARU Environmental Policies “The earth, the sky and nature” are Subaru’s fields of business. With the automotive and aerospace businesses as the pillars of SUBARU’s operations, our fields of business are the earth, the sky and nature. Preservation of the ecosystem of our planet, the earth, the sky and nature, is of utmost importance to ensure the future sustainability of both society and our organization. We align our business strategy to enhance these global goals in all of our operations. 1. We develop and deliver products to meet societal needs and contribute to the environment through advanced technologies. By striving to create advanced technologies that put the environment and safety first, we will develop and deliver products that can contribute to protecting the earth’s environment. 2. We focus on efforts aimed at coexistence with nature. Together with efforts to reduce carbon-dioxide emissions in all of our operations, we will promote active engagement with nature by stressing forest conservation. 3. We take on challenges as one through an all-Subaru approach. Utilizing our unique organizational character that allows us to oversee the entire supply chain, all of us together will take on the challenges of environmental protection of our planet through an all-Subaru approach. SUBARU Sustainability Principles Subaru’s fields of business are the earth, the sky and nature. Subaru understands that the health and preservation of biodiversity and controlling climate change are critical to ensuring a sustainable future for our planet earth, nature, communities, and businesses. Products: We develop our products and conduct R&D in light of the lifecycle environmental impacts of our products. Purchasing: Our purchasing activities reflect consideration for biodiversity and other aspects of environmental protection. Production: We strive to minimize our environmental impact through improving energy efficiency and waste management. Logistics: We strive to minimize our environmental impact through enhancing energy efficiency and promoting pollution prevention. Sales: We endeavor to recycle resources efficiently and reduce waste. Management: We will strive to improve our sustainability program through contributions that meet societal needs and by publicizing our activities as Team Subaru. Environmental Principles Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 032
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Environmental Management
Our Approach SUBARU Environmental Policies
In its Environmental Policies, SUBARU states that our fields of “The earth, the sky and nature” are Subaru’s fields of business.
business are “the earth, the sky and nature” and focuses on efforts SUBARU With the automotive and aerospace businesses as the pillars of SUBARU’s operations, our fields of business are the
Sustainability
aimed at coexistence with nature. In mid-term management vision earth, the sky and nature. Preservation of the ecosystem of our planet, the earth, the sky and nature, is of utmost
“STEP,” we are committed to making environmental contributions Principles importance to ensure the future sustainability of both society and our organization. We align our business strategy to
enhance these global goals in all of our operations.
by enhancing the environmental performance of our products. We
include “Environment” in the Six Priority Areas for CSR and deem
it important to conduct environmental activities as a precondition 1. We develop and deliver products to meet societal needs and contribute to the environment through advanced technologies.
to continue our business activities. B y striving to create advanced technologies that put the environment and safety first, we will develop and deliver products that can
contribute to protecting the earth’s environment.
In order to foster environmental activities across the Subaru
Group, we have our Environment Committee as well as a cross- 2. We focus on efforts aimed at coexistence with nature.
T ogether with efforts to reduce carbon-dioxide emissions in all of our operations, we will promote active engagement with nature by
company integrated environmental management system,
stressing forest conservation.
which covers all Group sites, domestic and overseas consolidated
3. We take on challenges as one through an all-Subaru approach.
production companies and SUBARU CORPORATION dealers in
U tilizing our unique organizational character that allows us to oversee the entire supply chain, all of us together will take on the challenges
Japan and abroad.
of environmental protection of our planet through an all-Subaru approach.
Based on this system, we are fostering environmental
management activities through an all-Subaru approach,
including formulating medium- to long-term environmental
targets, implementing measures to achieve the targets, Subaru’s fields of business are the earth, the sky and nature. Subaru understands that the health and preservation
Environmental
complying with environmental laws and regulations, managing of biodiversity and controlling climate change are critical to ensuring a sustainable future for our planet earth,
Principles
chemical substances, and compiling environmental nature, communities, and businesses.
performance data.
Products: We develop our products and conduct R&D in light of the lifecycle environmental impacts of our products.
Purchasing: Our purchasing activities reflect consideration for biodiversity and other aspects of environmental protection.
Production: We strive to minimize our environmental impact through improving energy efficiency and waste management.
Logistics: We strive to minimize our environmental impact through enhancing energy efficiency and promoting pollution prevention.
Sales: We endeavor to recycle resources efficiently and reduce waste.
Management: W e will strive to improve our sustainability program through contributions that meet societal needs and by publicizing our
activities as Team Subaru.
[TABLE] “The earth, the sky and nature” are Subaru’s fields of business.
SUBARU
With the automotive and aerospace businesses as the pillars of SUBARU’s operations, our fields of business are the
Sustainability
earth, the sky and nature. Preservation of the ecosystem of our planet, the earth, the sky and nature, is of utmost
Principles importance to ensure the future sustainability of both society and our organization. We align our business strategy to
enhance these global goals in all of our operations.
[TABLE] 1. We develop and deliver products to meet societal needs and contribute to the environment through advanced technologies.
B y striving to create advanced technologies that put the environment and safety first, we will develop and deliver products that can
contribute to protecting the earth’s environment.
2. We focus on efforts aimed at coexistence with nature.
T ogether with efforts to reduce carbon-dioxide emissions in all of our operations, we will promote active engagement with nature by
stressing forest conservation.
3. We take on challenges as one through an all-Subaru approach.
U tilizing our unique organizational character that allows us to oversee the entire supply chain, all of us together will take on the challenges
of environmental protection of our planet through an all-Subaru approach.
[TABLE] Subaru’s fields of business are the earth, the sky and nature. Subaru understands that the health and preservation
Environmental
of biodiversity and controlling climate change are critical to ensuring a sustainable future for our planet earth,
Principles
nature, communities, and businesses.
[TABLE] Products: We develop our products and conduct R&D in light of the lifecycle environmental impacts of our products.
Purchasing: Our purchasing activities reflect consideration for biodiversity and other aspects of environmental protection.
Production: We strive to minimize our environmental impact through improving energy efficiency and waste management.
Logistics: We strive to minimize our environmental impact through enhancing energy efficiency and promoting pollution prevention.
Sales: We endeavor to recycle resources efficiently and reduce waste.
Management: W e will strive to improve our sustainability program through contributions that meet societal needs and by publicizing our
activities as Team Subaru.

[PAGE 34]
033 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index Environmental Management System SUBARU comprehensively manages the entire progress and direction of its environmental management measures through the Environment Committee and based on the cross-company integrated environmental management system (EMS). The Executive Officer in charge of the Sustainability Division Environmental Risk Management System SUBARU regularly identifies the environmental risks involved in its business activities (environmental accidents, pollution, noncompliance with laws and regulations, etc.) and fosters the management of the identified risks to prevent and minimize their materialization. We also standardize the procedures to be followed when detecting an environmental risk and conduct drills in ordinary times so that we can promptly implement response measures in case of emergency and then take measures to prevent the reoccurrence of similar accidents, while preventing secondary risks from causing the spread of environmental pollution. Implementation of Environmental Audits (1) Regular auditing based on the ISO14001 environmental management system (2) On-site contractors audits to ensure proper collection, transportation, and disposal of industrial waste (3) On-site audits of compliance with environmental laws, regulations, and ordinances appointed by the Board of Directors oversees the integrated EMS and chairs the Environment Committee. In principle, the related issues are reviewed regularly, at least once a year, and details of discussions held by the Environment Committee are reported to the Sustainability Committee. Moreover, important issues are discussed and reported at the Executive Management Board Meeting and by the Board of Directors. Management System The Subaru Group’s Environmental Management Organization Production & Environment Subcommittee Zero Emissions Working Group Global Warming Prevention Working Group 44 SUBARU dealers in Japan Four overseas consolidated companies Pollution Prevention Working Group Domestic Affiliated Companies’ Environment Subcommittee Sales and Service Environment Subcommittee Board of Directors Executive Management Board Meeting (Presided over by the chairperson: President and Representative Director) Sustainability Committee (Chaired by President and Representative Director) Environment Committee (Chaired by the Executive Officer in charge of the Sustainability Division appointed by the Board of Directors) Six domestic consolidated production and logistics companies SUBARU Cross-Company Integrated EMS Integrated operation Gunma Plant Tokyo Office Utsunomiya Plant Head Office Operation support Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd.* Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd.* Yusoki Kogyo K.K.* Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd.* FAS Corporation* Ichitan Co., Ltd. • Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. (SIA) • Subaru of America, Inc. (SOA) • Subaru Canada, Inc. (SCI) • Subaru Research & Development, Inc. (SRD) Domestic Affiliated Companies’ Environment Subcommittee * Group certification Collaboration Logistics Environment Subcommittee Procedures to Be Followed in Case of an Environmental Accident Occurrence or high possibility of an environmental incident Initial emergency response Make a report Issue and distribute immediate reports Implement countermeasures and evaluate the results Formulate and implement preventive measures Disclose information and make notifications Implement measures to prevent reoccurrence Effort for minimization Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 033
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Management System appointed by the Board of Directors oversees the integrated EMS Environmental Risk Management System
and chairs the Environment Committee. In principle, the related SUBARU regularly identifies the environmental risks involved in its
Environmental Management System issues are reviewed regularly, at least once a year, and details of business activities (environmental accidents, pollution, noncompliance
SUBARU comprehensively manages the entire progress and discussions held by the Environment Committee are reported with laws and regulations, etc.) and fosters the management of the
direction of its environmental management measures through to the Sustainability Committee. Moreover, important issues are identified risks to prevent and minimize their materialization.
the Environment Committee and based on the cross-company discussed and reported at the Executive Management Board We also standardize the procedures to be followed when
integrated environmental management system (EMS). Meeting and by the Board of Directors. detecting an environmental risk and conduct drills in ordinary
The Executive Officer in charge of the Sustainability Division times so that we can promptly implement response measures
in case of emergency and then take measures to prevent the
The Subaru Group’s Environmental Management Organization reoccurrence of similar accidents, while preventing secondary
Board of Directors Production & Environment Subcommittee SUBARU Cross-Company risks from causing the spread of environmental pollution.
Integrated EMS
Executive Management Board Meeting Implementation of Environmental Audits
(Presided over by the chairperson:
President and Representative Director) Zero Emissions Working Group (1) R egular auditing based on the ISO14001 environmental Utsunomiya
management system Gunma Tokyo Head
Sustainability Committee Global Warming Prevention (2) O n-site contractors audits to ensure proper collection,
Working Group transportation, and disposal of industrial waste (Chaired by President and Representative Director) Plant Office Office
(3) O n-site audits of compliance with environmental laws, regulations, Plant
Pollution Prevention Working Group Integrated and ordinances
operation
Procedures to Be Followed in Case of an Environmental Accident
Environment Committee
(Chaired by the Executive Officer in charge Six domestic consolidated production of the Sustainability Division appointed Domestic Affiliated Companies’ and logistics companies by the Board of Directors) Environment Subcommittee Occurrence or high possibility of Initial emergency Effort for
Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd.* an environmental response minimization
Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd.* incident
Yusoki Kogyo K.K.*
Operation
Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd.* support Make a report
Sales and Service Environment Subcommittee FAS Corporation*
Ichitan Co., Ltd.
Issue and distribute immediate reports
44 SUBARU dealers in Japan Logistics Environment Subcommittee Implement countermeasures and
evaluate the results
Formulate and implement
Four overseas consolidated companies Collaboration preventive measures
• Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. (SIA) Disclose information and
• Subaru of America, Inc. (SOA) make notifications
Domestic Affiliated Companies’ Environment Subcommittee • Subaru Canada, Inc. (SCI) Implement measures to
• Subaru Research & Development, Inc. (SRD) prevent reoccurrence
* Group certification
[TABLE] Production & Environment Subcommittee
[TABLE] Zero Emissions Working Group
Global Warming Prevention
Working Group
Pollution Prevention Working Group
[TABLE] Domestic Affiliated Companies’
Environment Subcommittee
[TABLE] SUBARU Cross-Company
Integrated EMS
[TABLE] Utsunom
Gunm Tokyo Head
[TABLE] U | Head
[TABLE] Gunm | Tokyo | tsunom
[TABLE] a
Plant | Office | iya
Pla | Office | d
n
per
up
[TABLE] nt
[TABLE] • Subaru of America, Inc. (SOA)
• Subaru Canada, Inc. (SCI)
• Subaru Research & Development, Inc. (SRD)
[TABLE] Executive Managem
(Presided over by
President and Repr | ent Board Meeting
the chairperson:
esentative Director)
[TABLE] Sustainabilit
(Chaired by President and | y Committee
Representative Director)
[TABLE] eg
er | ra
at
[TABLE] Six domestic consolidated production
and logistics companies
Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd.*
Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd.*
Yusoki Kogyo K.K.*
Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd.*
FAS Corporation*
Ichitan Co., Ltd.
[TABLE] 44 SUBARU dealers in Japan
[TABLE] er
p | at
po
[TABLE] Make a report
[TABLE] Issue and distribute immediate reports
[TABLE] Implement countermeasures and
evaluate the results
[TABLE] Formulate and implement
preventive measures
[TABLE] Disclose information and
make notifications
[TABLE] Implement measures to
prevent reoccurrence
[TABLE] Four overseas consolidated companies
• Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. (SIA)
[TABLE] • Subaru of America, Inc. (SOA)
• Subaru Canada, Inc. (SCI)
• Subaru Research & Development, Inc. (SRD)
[TABLE] b | or

[PAGE 35]
034 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index Acquisition of External Certification for Environmental Management Systems SUBARU has been working to build an environmental management system, and its sites, suppliers, domestic and overseas consolidated production companies, and dealers have had their environmental management systems certified by external organizations. Major Certifications ISO14001 SUBARU CORPORATION and its six consolidated production and logistics subsidiaries in Japan and three consolidated production and sales subsidiaries in North America have obtained ISO14001 certification for their environmental management systems. (The five domestic companies marked with an asterisk [*] in the lower right table have obtained group certification.) Eco Action 21 *1 In 2011, 44 SUBARU dealers obtained Eco Action 21 certification, becoming the first automaker-affiliated dealers in Japan to do so. We also began implementing an initiative under the Eco Action 21 value chain model project fostered by the Japanese Ministry of the Environment, which the Ministry certified in 2016 as the first initiative implemented under the project in recognition of its results. We will receive instructions and support from the Institute for Promoting Sustainable Societies (IPSuS), *2 which is the certification body for Eco Action 21, to expand the related activities across the Subaru Group. At the same time, we will support our suppliers in achieving Eco Action 21 certification, thereby expanding the initiative across our value chain. *1 Environmental conservation activity promotion program formulated by the Japanese Ministry of the Environment in which SMEs work on three themes: environmental management systems, environmental measures and environmental reporting. *2 This organization examines, plans, and implements new initiatives to build sustainable societies by integrating initiatives related to businesses, such as Eco Action 21, with product- and service-related initiatives to be promoted via supply chains. *3 International standard applicable to all organizations that sets the requirements to be met by business operators when conducting activities to build an energy management system, including the formulation of policies, targets, and plans for their energy use and the determination of management procedures. *4 International standard for road traffic safety management systems. It requires organizations to appropriately manage the factors that could cause traffic accidents and reduce the related risks effectively and efficiently, thereby reducing the number of deaths and serious injuries caused by road traffic accidents. CSR Procurement ISO50001 *3 In 2012, Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc., which is our production base in North America, became the first automobile production plant in the U.S. to acquire certification for ISO50001, which is the international standard for energy management systems (EnMS). ISO39001 *4 Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd. obtained certification for ISO39001, the international standard for road traffic safety management systems, in 2015. Establishment of EMSs and EnMSs by the Subaru Group Plants and offices Retailers Category SUBARU CORPORATION Suppliers Domestic Consolidated Production and Logistics Companies Overseas Consolidated Production Companies Domestic Consolidated Automobile Sales Companies Overseas Consolidated Automobile Sales Companies Certification obtained for EMSs/EnMSs ISO14001 ISO14001, Eco Action 21 or self-certification ISO14001 ISO14001 ISO50001 Eco Action 21 ISO14001 Target Gunma Plant Tokyo Office Utsunomiya Plant Head Office Green procurement Suppliers of materials Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd.* Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd.* Yusoki Kogyo K.K.* Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd.* FAS Corporation* Ichitan Co., Ltd. Six companies in total Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. All SUBARU dealers 44 companies in total Subaru of America, Inc. Subaru Canada, Inc. Two companies in total * Group certification SUBARU CORPORATION and its affiliated companies marked with an asterisk (*) carry out mutual internal audits on their EMSs within the scope required for ISO14001 group certification. Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 034
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Acquisition of External Certification for ISO50001*3 *1 E nvironmental conservation activity promotion program formulated by the Japanese
Ministry of the Environment in which SMEs work on three themes: environmental
Environmental Management Systems In 2012, Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc., which is our production
management systems, environmental measures and environmental reporting.
SUBARU has been working to build an environmental base in North America, became the first automobile production *2 T his organization examines, plans, and implements new initiatives to build sustainable
management system, and its sites, suppliers, domestic and plant in the U.S. to acquire certification for ISO50001, which is the societies by integrating initiatives related to businesses, such as Eco Action 21, with
product- and service-related initiatives to be promoted via supply chains.
overseas consolidated production companies, and dealers have international standard for energy management systems (EnMS).
*3 I nternational standard applicable to all organizations that sets the requirements to be
had their environmental management systems certified by met by business operators when conducting activities to build an energy management
ISO39001*4 system, including the formulation of policies, targets, and plans for their energy use
external organizations.
and the determination of management procedures.
Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd. obtained certification for ISO39001,
*4 I nternational standard for road traffic safety management systems. It requires organizations
the international standard for road traffic safety management
Major Certifications to appropriately manage the factors that could cause traffic accidents and reduce the
systems, in 2015. related risks effectively and efficiently, thereby reducing the number of deaths and
ISO14001 serious injuries caused by road traffic accidents.
SUBARU CORPORATION and its six consolidated production and CSR Procurement
logistics subsidiaries in Japan and three consolidated production
and sales subsidiaries in North America have obtained ISO14001
certification for their environmental management systems. (The Establishment of EMSs and EnMSs by the Subaru Group
five domestic companies marked with an asterisk [*] in the lower
Plants and offices Retailers
right table have obtained group certification.)
Domestic Consolidated Overseas Consolidated
SUBARU Domestic Consolidated Production Overseas Consolidated
Category Suppliers Automobile Automobile Sales
CORPORATION and Logistics Companies Production Companies
Sales Companies Companies
Eco Action 21*1 Certification
ISO14001, Eco Action ISO14001
obtained for ISO14001 ISO14001 Eco Action 21 ISO14001
In 2011, 44 SUBARU dealers obtained Eco Action 21 certification, 21 or self-certification ISO50001
EMSs/EnMSs
becoming the first automaker-affiliated dealers in Japan to do so.
Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd.*
We also began implementing an initiative under the Eco Action Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd.* Subaru of America,
Gunma Plant
Yusoki Kogyo K.K.* Inc.
21 value chain model project fostered by the Japanese Ministry of Tokyo Office Green procurement Subaru of Indiana All SUBARU dealers
Target Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd.* Subaru Canada, Inc.
Utsunomiya Plant Suppliers of materials Automotive, Inc. 44 companies in total
the Environment, which the Ministry certified in 2016 as the first FAS Corporation* Two companies in
Head Office
Ichitan Co., Ltd. total
initiative implemented under the project in recognition of its
Six companies in total
results. We will receive instructions and support from the Institute
* Group certification
for Promoting Sustainable Societies (IPSuS),*2 which is the
SUBARU CORPORATION and its affiliated companies marked with an asterisk (*) carry out mutual internal audits on their EMSs within the scope required for ISO14001 group
certification body for Eco Action 21, to expand the related certification.
activities across the Subaru Group. At the same time, we will
support our suppliers in achieving Eco Action 21 certification,
thereby expanding the initiative across our value chain.
[TABLE] Category | SUBARU
CORPORATION | Suppliers | Domestic Consolidated Production
and Logistics Companies | Overseas Consolidated
Production Companies | Domestic Consolidated
Automobile
Sales Companies | Overseas Consolidated
Automobile Sales
Companies
[TABLE] ISO14001 | ISO14001, Eco Action
21 or self-certification | ISO14001 | ISO14001
ISO50001 | Eco Action 21
[TABLE] Gunma Plant
Tokyo Office
Utsunomiya Plant
Head Office | Green procurement
Suppliers of materials | Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd.*
Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd.*
Yusoki Kogyo K.K.*
Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd.*
FAS Corporation*
Ichitan Co., Ltd.
Six companies in total | Subaru of Indiana
Automotive, Inc. | All SUBARU dealers
44 companies in total

[PAGE 36]
035 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index Environmental Management Systems Established by Dealers in Japan All 44 dealers in Japan have acquired Eco Action 21 certification. Under the certification system, they promote their environmental management systems and carry out environmental audits on a regular basis for environmental conservation and compliance with environmental laws and regulations. Moreover, we collect data about domestic dealers’ energy use, CO2 emissions, waste generation, and water use through the Subaru Group’s unique data system for environmental reporting and use the data to reduce our environmental impact. Environmental Management Systems Established by Retailers in the U.S. (SOA) Subaru of America, Inc. promotes the Eco-Friendly Retailer Program that encourages SUBARU retailers in the U.S. to reduce energy consumption, water usage, waste and other environmental impacts. A total of 205 companies, which is more than 30% of all retailers, participate in the program. Management of Chemical Substances A range of chemical substances are regulated by laws and regulations, including the REACH regulation, *1 ELV Directive, *2 and the Chemical Substance Control Law, *3 under which we are required to disclose information and ensure the appropriate management of chemical substances. SUBARU is strengthening the management of its supply chain by using the IMDS *4 in order to identify which chemical substances are used in what amount in each of the several tens of thousands of parts that comprise its automobiles. Through this initiative, we are ensuring the non-use of prohibited substances (lead, mercury, cadmium, hexavalent chromium, etc.), promoting the replacement of newly regulated substances with alternatives, and establishing a management system that helps us promptly disclose information about the use of substances that we should appropriately manage under REACH and other regulations. We are thereby reducing the use and enhancing the management of environmentally hazardous substances. *1 REACH regulation: European regulation on chemical substances requiring all chemical substances to be subject to management or restricted use commensurate to the risk that they pose to humans and the environment. *2 The End-of Life Vehicles (ELV) Directive: European Union (EU) directive brought into force in 2000 to reduce the environmental impact from the scrapping of end-of-life vehicles in the EU. It aims to prohibit the use of hazardous substances and reduce the generation of waste by encouraging the reuse and recycling of end-of-life vehicles and their parts. *3 The Act on the Evaluation of Chemical Substances and Regulation of Their Manufacture, etc. (Chemical Substance Control Law) is a law whose purpose is to prevent environmental pollution caused by chemical substances that could harm human health or interfere with the habitat or growth of flora and fauna. *4 IMDS: International Material Data System, an international materials database for the automobile industry. Prevention of Pollution International Material Data System I. Environment Action Plan 2030 and Other Key Environmental Initiatives SUBARU initiated its new medium-term environmental plan in FYE March 2022. This plan is formulated around two timelines that are aligned with environmental issues. Environment Action Plan 2030: This is a Groupwide plan with a medium-to-long-term perspective and initiatives that spiral upward to address future expectations. Other key environmental initiatives: These granular initiatives are from a short-to-medium-term perspective and are designed to meet current expectations. The two main features of Environment Action Plan 2030 are milestone goals to achieve by 2050 and moving targets that change according to the expectations of society. Through initiatives based on the new environmental plan, SUBARU will sincerely address the expectations of current and future generations and further contribute to the realization of a sustainable society. II. The 6th Voluntary Plan for the Environment (FYE March 2018 to FYE March 2021) SUBARU has been implementing voluntary environmental conservation plans and initiatives called Voluntary Plans for the environment since FYE March 1994. SUBARU completed the 6th plan in FYE March 2021, and achieved almost all of the goals of the plan. Targets and Results Management of Environmentally Hazardous Substances through IMDS (1) Survey request (3) Download data Identify and manage environmentally hazardous substances (2) Input data SUBARU IMDS server Suppliers Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 035
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Environmental Management Systems Established of newly regulated substances with alternatives, and establishing
Targets and Results
by Dealers in Japan a management system that helps us promptly disclose information
All 44 dealers in Japan have acquired Eco Action 21 certification. about the use of substances that we should appropriately manage I. E nvironment Action Plan 2030 and Other Key
Under the certification system, they promote their environmental under REACH and other regulations. We are thereby reducing Environmental Initiatives
management systems and carry out environmental audits on a the use and enhancing the management of environmentally
SUBARU initiated its new medium-term environmental plan in
regular basis for environmental conservation and compliance hazardous substances.
FYE March 2022. This plan is formulated around two timelines
with environmental laws and regulations. *1 R EACH regulation: European regulation on chemical substances requiring all
that are aligned with environmental issues.
chemical substances to be subject to management or restricted use commensurate
Moreover, we collect data about domestic dealers’ energy
to the risk that they pose to humans and the environment. Environment Action Plan 2030:
use, CO2 emissions, waste generation, and water use through
*2 T he End-of Life Vehicles (ELV) Directive: European Union (EU) directive brought This is a Groupwide plan with a medium-to-long-term perspective
the Subaru Group’s unique data system for environmental into force in 2000 to reduce the environmental impact from the scrapping of
and initiatives that spiral upward to address future expectations.
end-of-life vehicles in the EU. It aims to prohibit the use of hazardous substances
reporting and use the data to reduce our environmental impact.
and reduce the generation of waste by encouraging the reuse and recycling of Other key environmental initiatives:
end-of-life vehicles and their parts.
These granular initiatives are from a short-to-medium-term
Environmental Management Systems Established *3 T he Act on the Evaluation of Chemical Substances and Regulation of Their
perspective and are designed to meet current expectations.
by Retailers in the U.S. (SOA) Manufacture, etc. (Chemical Substance Control Law) is a law whose purpose is to
prevent environmental pollution caused by chemical substances that could harm
Subaru of America, Inc. promotes the Eco-Friendly Retailer human health or interfere with the habitat or growth of flora and fauna. The two main features of Environment Action Plan 2030 are
Program that encourages SUBARU retailers in the U.S. to reduce *4 I MDS: International Material Data System, an international materials database for milestone goals to achieve by 2050 and moving targets that
the automobile industry.
energy consumption, water usage, waste and other change according to the expectations of society.
Prevention of Pollution
environmental impacts. A total of 205 companies, which is more Through initiatives based on the new environmental plan,
than 30% of all retailers, participate in the program. International Material Data System SUBARU will sincerely address the expectations of current and
future generations and further contribute to the realization of a
Management of Environmentally Hazardous Substances through IMDS
Management of Chemical Substances
sustainable society.
A range of chemical substances are regulated by laws and
(1) Survey request
SUBARU Suppliers
regulations, including the REACH regulation,*1 ELV Directive,*2 II. The 6th Voluntary Plan for the Environment
and the Chemical Substance Control Law,*3 under which we are (FYE March 2018 to FYE March 2021)
required to disclose information and ensure the appropriate (3) Download data (2) Input data SUBARU has been implementing voluntary environmental
Identify and manage
management of chemical substances. environmentally hazardous substances conservation plans and initiatives called Voluntary Plans for the
SUBARU is strengthening the management of its supply chain environment since FYE March 1994. SUBARU completed the 6th
by using the IMDS*4 in order to identify which chemical substances IMDS server plan in FYE March 2021, and achieved almost all of the goals of
are used in what amount in each of the several tens of thousands the plan.
of parts that comprise its automobiles. Through this initiative, we
are ensuring the non-use of prohibited substances (lead, mercury,
cadmium, hexavalent chromium, etc.), promoting the replacement

[PAGE 37]
036 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index Climate Change Field Long-Term Vision Environment Action Plan 2030 Primary Category Subcategory Components of Primary Initiatives Bases Goals by Base Scope 1 and 2 (Plants and offices) Target carbon neutrality by FYE March 2051. Reduce CO2 emissions by 30% in FYE March 2031 compared with FYE March 2017 (total volume basis). Plants Reduce CO2 emissions from plants in Japan. Reduce CO2 emissions from SUBARU plants*1 by 30% in FYE March 2031 compared with FYE March 2017 (total volume basis). Upgrade cogeneration equipment. Switch to LED lighting. Expand solar power generation facilities. Upgrade equipment. Consolidate production lines. Improve the energy efficiency of existing facilities. Reduce standby power. Purchase carbon-free electricity. Reduce CO2 emissions from Group plants in Japan *2 in FYE March 2031 by 10% compared with FYE March 2017 (total volume basis). Continue energy-saving activities. Share best practices. Initiate reduction strategy studies. Reduce CO2 emissions from plants overseas. Reduce CO2 emissions from overseas Group plants *3 in FYE March 2031 by 30% compared with FYE March 2017 (total volume basis). Switch to LED lighting. Expand solar power generation facilities. Improve the energy efficiency of existing facilities. Initiate additional reduction strategy studies. Head Office Reduce CO2 emissions from the head office building. *4 Reduce CO2 emissions to zero. Continue energy-saving activities. Purchase carbon-free electricity. Use Green Heat Certificate and Green Power Certificate. Dealership Reduce CO2 emissions from dealerships in Japan. Aggregate information and upgrade systems to reduce CO2 emissions. Continue energy-saving activities. Share best practices. Initiate reduction strategy studies. Scope 3 (Products) On a well -to- wheel*5 basis, we will pursue our goal of reducing the average CO2 emissions from new passenger cars by at least 90% by 2050, compared with 2010.*6 By 2030, we will pursue our goal of increasing the ratio of electric vehicles (EV) and hybrid cars (HEVs) to at least up to 40% of the gross number of vehicles sold globally. In the early 2030s, all commercial SUBARU cars*7 will be equipped with electrification technology.*8 Automobiles Improve fuel economy and equip vehicles with electrification technology. Begin marketing SHEVs. Increase models equipped with electrification technology. Improve the fuel efficiency of internal combustion engines. Mass production of SHEVs. Conduct research to add electric vehicles to lineup. Equip more vehicles with environmentally responsible engines. Clean energy use. Conduct research and development to launch BEVs. Begin marketing BEVs. Mass production and marketing of BEVs . Research BEVs. Road traffic improvement – IT technology (Self-driving technology and preventive safety technology). Develop driving assistance technology and preventive safety technology centered on the EyeSight Advanced Driver Assistance System and expand into more markets. Enhance recognition performance of next generation EyeSight to alleviate traffic congestion and improve traffic flow. Begin marketing and expand use of highly functional driver assist controls. *1 Gunma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant *2 Yusoki Kogyo K.K., Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd., Ichitan Co., Ltd., Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd., Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd. *3 Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. *4 Head office floors of the Ebisu Subaru Building (Shibuya-ku, Tokyo) *5 Well-to-Wheel: Approach to calculating CO2 emissions including the emissions produced by the generation of electricity to be used by EVs and other vehicles. *6 Reduce total CO2 emissions calculated based on the fuel efficiency (notified value) of all SUBARU automobiles sold across the world by 90% or more relative to the 2010 levels in 2050. Changes in the sales quantity due to changes in the market environment shall be taken into consideration, while minor changes in running distance shall not. *7 Excluding models supplied by OEMs *8 Refers to the technology used to foster the use of electricity for EVs, HEVs, and others. Pollution Prevention and Reduction of Hazardous Chemical Use Field Long-Term Vision Environment Action Plan 2030 Medium-Term Goals Components of Primary Initiatives Production Coexist with communities with production plants that are socially and environmentally responsible. Target zero serious environmental accidents.* Zero environmental accidents, complaints, or violations of statutory standards. *Zero emissions into the environment, accidents, complaints, or violations of statutory standards. Disclosure and Discussion of Coexistence with Communities and Environmental Information Field Environment Action Plan 2030 Medium-Term Goals Components of Primary Initiatives Management Coexist with communities through activities to preserve nature. Build relationships with residents through means including plant opening events. Participate in local cleanup and greening activities, including biodiversity preservation. Collaborate with local governments and environmental preservation groups. Earn greater trust from society through environmental information disclosure and dialogue. Build trust through sustainability reports and other sustainability improvement channels. Collaborate with external evaluation organizations. Promote constructive dialogue with investors. Key Initiatives of Environment Action Plan 2030 (FYE March 2022) Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Resource Recycling Field Long-Term Vision Environment Action Plan 2030 Medium-Term Goals Components of Primary Initiatives Products (automobiles) Contribute to resource recycling and carbon neutrality. Conduct research and development targeting the use of recycled materials*1 for 25% of the plastic in new models*2 by 2030. Adopt carbon-free materials such as biomass plastic. Proactively adopt plastic materials*3 that have less environmental impact. Establish milestones for SUBARU’s 2030 goals, and determine outlook for achieving initial milestones. Further support achievement of goals with ongoing studies to expand scope of encompassed parts. Production Help create a recycling- oriented society with clean production plants. Zero emissions from production plants*4 (zero landfill waste either directly or indirectly). Maintain zero emissions at production plants in Japan and overseas (zero landfill waste either directly or indirectly). Study effective use of waste plastic. Appropriately manage water use in production plants.*5 Continue to appropriately manage water use in production plants. *1 Including material, chemical and plastic recycling. *2 Excluding models supplied by OEMs. *3 Materials and suppliers with lower CO2 emissions and environmental pollution at the manufacturing stage. *4 SUBARU: Gunma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. *5 SUBARU: Gunma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant Subsidiaries: Yusoki Kogyo K.K., Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd., Ichitan Co., Ltd., Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd., Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd., Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 036
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] EEnnvviirroonnmmeennttaall || EEnnvviirroonnmmeennttaallllyy || CClliimmaattee || RReessoouurrccee || WWaatteerr || || PPrreevveennttiioonn || FFYYEE MMaarrcchh 22002211 EEnnvviirroonnmmeennttaall
BBiiooddiivveerrssiittyy
MMaannaaggeemmeenntt FFrriieennddllyy AAuuttoommoobbiilleess CChhaannggee RReeccyycclliinngg RReessoouurrcceess ooff PPoolllluuttiioonn PPeerrffoorrmmaannccee DDaattaa ffoorr PPllaannttss aanndd OOffffiicceess
Key Initiatives of Environment Action Plan 2030 (FYE March 2022)
Climate Change Resource Recycling
Field Lo V ng is - i T o e n rm Primary Category Envi S r u o b n c m a e te n g t o A r c y tion Plan 2030 Components of Field Lo V ng is - i T o e n rm Medium-Term Goals Environment Action Plan C o 2 m 03 p 0 onents of Primary Initiatives
Bases Goals by Base Primary Initiatives
U pgrade cogeneration equipment. C onduct research and development targeting
Switch to LED lighting. t C o o r n e t s r o ib u u r t c e e p th la e s u ti s c e i n o n f r e e w c y m cl o e d d e m ls* a 2 t b er y i a 2 l 0 s* 3 1 0 fo . r 25% of the a E n st d a b d l e is t h e r m m i i l n e e st o o u n t e lo s o fo k r f S o U r a B c A h R ie U v ’ i s n 2 g 0 i 3 n 0 it i g a o l als,
E xpand solar power generation facilities. Products recycling and A dopt carbon-free materials such as biomass milestones. Further support achievement of goals
Reduce CO2 emissions from Upgrade equipment. (automobiles) carbon plastic. with ongoing studies to expand scope of
SUBARU plants*1 by 30% in FYE
March 2031 compared with FYE Consolidate production lines. neutrality. P roactively adopt plastic materials*3 that encompassed parts.
R em ed is u s c io e n C s O fr 2 o m March 2017 (total volume basis). I e m xi p st r i o n v g e f t a h c e il i e ti n e e s. rgy efficiency of Help create a have less environmental impact. M aintain zero emissions at production plants in
plants in Japan. Reduce standby power. recycling- Z ero emissions from production plants*4 Japan and overseas (zero landfill waste either
P urchase carbon-free electricity. oriented (zero landfill waste either directly or directly or indirectly).
Plants Reduce CO2 emissions from Production society with indirectly). S tudy effective use of waste plastic.
Group plants in Japan*2 in FYE Continue energy-saving activities. clean
Scope 1 Target carbon R b e y d 3 u 0 c % e i C n O FY 2 E e m M is a s r i c o h n s M wi a th rc F h Y 2 E 0 M 31 a b rc y h 1 2 0 0 % 1 7 c o (t m ot p a a l red I S n h it a ia re te b r e e s d t u p c r t a io ct n ic s e tr s a . tegy studies. p pl r a o n d t u s. ction p A r p o p d r u o c p t r io ia n te p ly la m nt a s n .* a 5 ge water use in p C r o o n d t u in c u ti e o n to p a la p n p t r s o . priately manage water use in
(Pla a n n t d s 2 and neutrality by 2031 compared with volume basis). *1 Including material, chemical and plastic recycling.
FYE March 2051. FYE March 2017 (total Switch to LED lighting.
offices) volume basis). Reduce CO2 emissions from E xpand solar power generation facilities. *2 E xcluding models supplied by OEMs.
R em ed is u s c io e n C s O fr 2 o m M ov a e r r c s h e a 2 s 0 3 G 1 r o b u y p 3 0 p % la n c t o s m *3 i p n a F re Y d E I mprove the energy efficiency of * *3 4 M SU a B te A r R ia U ls : a G n u d n s m u a p p P l l i a e n rs t, w T i o th ky l o o w O e f r f i C ce O , 2 U e ts m u i n s o si m on iy s a a P n l d a n e t n vironmental pollution at the manufacturing stage.
plants overseas. with FYE March 2017 (total existing facilities. Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
volume basis). Initiate additional reduction strategy *5 SUBARU: Gunma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant
studies.
Subsidiaries: Yusoki Kogyo K.K., Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd., Ichitan Co., Ltd., Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd., Subaru Logistics
Continue energy-saving activities.
Head Reduce CO2 P urchase carbon-free electricity. Co., Ltd., Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
e m i ss io n s fr o m th e Reduce CO2 emissions to zero.
Office h e a d o f fi c e b u il d in g .*4 U se Green Heat Certificate and
Green Power Certificate. Pollution Prevention and Reduction of Hazardous Chemical Use
Reduce CO2 A ggregate information and Continue energy-saving activities.
Dealership e m is s io n s f r o m u p g r a d e s ystems to reduce CO2 S h a re b e s t p r a ct ic e s . E n v ir o nment Actio n Pl an 2 0 3 0
d ea le r sh i p s in J apan. e m is s i o n s . I n it ia te r e d u c t io n s tr a tegy studies. Field Long-Term Vision Medium-Term G o a l s C o m p o n e n t s of Primary Initiatives
Begin marketing SHEVs. M ass production of SHEVs.
O wh n e a e l w *5 e b ll a - s t i o s, - B r o a u y t r i 2 o g 0 o o 3 f 0 a e , l o l w e f e c i t n w r c ic i r l l e v p a e u s h i r n i s c g u le e t s h e I a w m n it d p h r e o e q v le e u c i f p t u r i e v fi l e c e h a c t ic i o o le n n s o my e In le cr c e tr a i s fi e c a m tio o n d e te ls c e h q n u o i l p o p g e y. d with v C e o h n ic d l u e c s t t o re l s in e e a u rc p h . to add electric Production p e C n r o o v e d ir x o u is c n t t m i w o e i n t n h p t a c la l o l n y m t r s e m t s h u p a n o t i n t a i s e r i e s b l w s e o i . t c h i ally and e T n ar v g ir e o t n z m e e ro n t s a e l r a io c u c s id ents.* c Z s t o e a m r t o u p t e o la n r i v y n i t r s s o t , a n o n m r d e v a i n r o d t l a a s l . t i a o c n c s id o e f n ts,
o w u e r w g i o ll a p l u o r f s ue (EV) and hybrid cars (HEVs) technology. I i n m t p er r n o a v l e c t o h m e b fu u e s l t i e o f n fi c e i n e g nc in y e o s. f E e n q v u ir ip on m m o e r n e t a v l e ly h r i e c s le p s o w ns it ib h l e engines. *Zero emissions into the environment, accidents, complaints, or violations of statutory standards.
to at least up to 40% of
reducing the the gross number of Conduct research and M ass production and marketing of
Scope 3 average CO2 vehicles sold globally. Automobiles Clean energy use. development to launch BEVs. BEVs . Disclosure and Discussion of Coexistence with Communities and Environmental Information
(Products) emissions from Begin marketing BEVs. Research BEVs.
new passenger
cars by at least I n the early 2030s, all Road traffic Develop driving assistance E nhance recognition performance of Environment Action Plan 2030
commercial SUBARU improvement – IT technology and preventive safety next generation EyeSight to alleviate Field
90% by 2050, cars*7 will be equipped technology (Self-driving technology centered on the traffic congestion and improve traffic Medium-Term Goals Components of Primary Initiatives
compared with
2010.*6 w te i c th h n e o le lo c g tr y if . i * c 8 ation p te r c e h v n e o n l t o iv g e y s a a n fe d t y E A y s e si S s i t g a h n t c e A d Sy v s a t n e c m ed a n D d ri v e e x r p and u flo se w o . B f h e i g g i h n l y m f a u r n k c e t t i i o n n g a a l n d d ri v e e x r p a a s n s d is t B o p ui e ld n i r n e g la e ti v o e n n s t h s i . ps with residents through means including plant
technology). into more markets. controls.
C oexist with communities through P articipate in local cleanup and greening activities, including
*1 Gunma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant activities to preserve nature. biodiversity preservation.
*2 Yusoki Kogyo K.K., Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd., Ichitan Co., Ltd., Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd., Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd. C ollaborate with local governments and environmental preservation
Management groups.
*3 Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
*4 Head office floors of the Ebisu Subaru Building (Shibuya-ku, Tokyo) E arn greater trust from society through B uild trust through sustainability reports and other sustainability
*5 Well-to-Wheel: Approach to calculating CO2 emissions including the emissions produced by the generation of electricity to be used by EVs and other vehicles. environmental information disclosure i m p r o v e m e n t c h a n n e l s .
C o ll a b o r at e w i t h e x t e r n al evaluation organizations.
*6 Reduce total CO2 emissions calculated based on the fuel efficiency (notified value) of all SUBARU automobiles sold across the world by 90% or more relative to the 2010 and dialogue. P romote constructive dialogue with investors.
levels in 2050. Changes in the sales quantity due to changes in the market environment shall be taken into consideration, while minor changes in running distance shall not.
*7 Excluding models supplied by OEMs
*8 Refers to the technology used to foster the use of electricity for EVs, HEVs, and others.
[TABLE] Environment Action Plan 2030
[TABLE] Primary Category | Subcategory | Components of
Primary Initiatives
[TABLE] Bases | Goals by Base
[TABLE] Reduce CO2
emissions from
plants in Japan. | Reduce CO2 emissions from
SUBARU plants*1 by 30% in FYE
March 2031 compared with FYE
March 2017 (total volume basis).
[TABLE] Reduce CO2 emissions from
Group plants in Japan*2 in FYE
March 2031 by 10% compared
with FYE March 2017 (total
volume basis).
[TABLE] Reduce CO2
emissions from
plants overseas. | Reduce CO2 emissions from
overseas Group plants*3 in FYE
March 2031 by 30% compared
with FYE March 2017 (total
volume basis).
[TABLE] Reduce CO2
emissions from the
head office building.*4 | Reduce CO2 emissions to zero.
[TABLE] Reduce CO2
emissions from
dealerships in Japan. | A ggregate information and
upgrade systems to reduce CO2
emissions.
[TABLE] Improve fuel economy
and equip vehicles
with electrification
technology. | Begin marketing SHEVs.
Increase models equipped with
electrification technology.
I mprove the fuel efficiency of
internal combustion engines.
[TABLE] Clean energy use. | Conduct research and
development to launch BEVs.
Begin marketing BEVs.
[TABLE] Road traffic
improvement – IT
technology (Self-driving
technology and
preventive safety
technology). | Develop driving assistance
technology and preventive safety
technology centered on the
EyeSight Advanced Driver
Assistance System and expand
into more markets.
[TABLE] Environment Action Plan 2030
[TABLE] Medium-Term Goals | Components of Primary Initiatives
[TABLE] Environment Action Plan 2030
[TABLE] Medium-Term Goals | Components of Primary Initiatives
[TABLE] Environment Action Plan 2030
[TABLE] Medium-Term Goals | Components of Primary Initiatives

[PAGE 38]
037 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index Climate Change Field Item Components of Primary Initiatives Distribution Implement measures to reduce CO2 in line with the Energy Saving Law. Reduce CO2 emission intensity by 1% every year, using FYE March 2007 as a benchmark. Resource Recycling Field Item Components of Primary Initiatives Products (automobiles) Recyclability improvement Continue to implement measures to comply with the Automobile Recycling Law. Continue to implement measures to make parts and materials more detachable, separable, and sortable. Contribute to a 95% recycling efficiency rate each year. Make efforts for CFRP recycling technology. Promotion of life-cycle assessment Promote disclosure of life-cycle assessment (LCA) data. Production Waste control and proper disposal Continue to control waste generation through means such as improving yield and packing style, and properly dispose of waste. Pollution Prevention and Reduction of Hazardous Chemical Use Field Item Components of Primary Initiatives Products (automobiles) Promote the introduction of low-emission vehicles to improve air quality. Japan: Complete the advanced development of PN regulation compliant vehicles (Vehicles manufactured by SUBARU). U.S.: Complete development of turbo engines with stricter emission regulation levels. Other overseas: Introduce low-emission vehicles to improve air quality in countries and regions. Promote the management and reduction in the use of environmentally hazardous substances. Improve management of chemical substances contained in products. Promote switching to substances with lower environmental impact. Production Further reduce per unit of VOC emissions (g/m2) at production lines. Reduce unit VOC emissions (year on year). Continue to reduce emissions of PRTR substances into the environment. Identify and manage the chemical substances regulated by the PRTR law and promote further reduction in the use of these substances. Collaborate with Customers and Promote Environmental Management Field Item Components of Primary Initiatives Procurement Request suppliers in Japan and overseas to build, maintain, and strengthen an environmental management system (EMS). Continue to establish and fully maintain the EMS including with new suppliers. Request that the entire supply chain improve environmental management throughout the product life cycle. Reduce environmentally hazardous substances. Expand the range of target parts and raw materials with business partners regarding the management and reduction of contained environmentally hazardous substances. Apply the supplier CSR guidelines and green procurement guidelines. Revise the guidelines according to changes in the social environment and corporate policy, and request suppliers to deploy, disseminate, and comply with the guidelines. Sales (automobiles) Provide support to SUBARU dealers’ environmental activities. Support all dealerships maintain Eco Action 21 certification. Confirm the legality of dealers’ zero emission activities. Management Operate and upgrade environmental management systems. Maintain ISO14001 integrated certification for Subaru Group. Make continuous improvements to the Environmental Management System. Other Primary Initiatives (FYE March 2022) Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 037
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Other Primary Initiatives (FYE March 2022)
Climate Change Collaborate with Customers and Promote Environmental Management
Field Item Components of Primary Initiatives Field Item Components of Primary Initiatives
Distribution I m p le m e n t m e a s u re s t o re d u c e C O 2 Reduce CO2 emission intensity by 1% every year, using FYE March 2007 as a benchmark. R e q u e s t s u p p l ie rs i n J a p a n a n d o v er s e a s to b u i l d , m a int ain, C o n ti n u e t o e s ta b lis h a n d f u lly m a i n t a i n t h e E M S in c l u d in g w it h n e w su p p lie r s .
i n l in e w it h t he E n e rg y S a vi n g L a w . a n d s tr e n g t h e n a n e n v i ro n m e n t a l m a n a g e m e n t s y ste m R e q u e s t t h a t th e e n ti r e su p p ly c h a i n i m p r o ve e n vi r o n m e n ta l m a n a g e m e n t
(EMS). throughout the product life cycle.
E xpand the range of target parts and raw materials with business partners
Procurement Reduce environmentally hazardous substances. regarding the management and reduction of contained environmentally
Resource Recycling hazardous substances.
R evise the guidelines according to changes in the social environment and
Field Item Components of Primary Initiatives A pply the supplier CSR guidelines and green procurement corporate policy, and request suppliers to deploy, disseminate, and comply
guidelines.
C ontinue to implement measures to comply with the Automobile Recycling Law. with the guidelines.
C ontinue to implement measures to make parts and materials more detachable, separable, and
Recyclability improvement sortable. Sales P rovide support to SUBARU dealers’ environmental S upport all dealerships maintain Eco Action 21 certification.
Products C ontribute to a 95% recycling efficiency rate each year. (automobiles) activities. C onfirm the legality of dealers’ zero emission activities.
(automobiles)
M ake efforts for CFRP recycling technology.
M aintain ISO14001 integrated certification for Subaru Group.
Management O perate and upgrade environmental management systems.
Promotion of life-cycle assessment P romote disclosure of life-cycle assessment (LCA) data. M ake continuous improvements to the Environmental Management System.
C ontinue to control waste generation through means such as improving yield and packing style,
Production W aste control and proper disposal
and properly dispose of waste.
Pollution Prevention and Reduction of Hazardous Chemical Use
Field Item Components of Primary Initiatives
J apan: Complete the advanced development of PN regulation compliant vehicles (Vehicles
Promote the introduction of manufactured by SUBARU).
low-emission vehicles to improve air
U .S.: Complete development of turbo engines with stricter emission regulation levels.
quality.
Products O ther overseas: Introduce low-emission vehicles to improve air quality in countries and regions.
(automobiles)
Promote the management and
reduction in the use of I mprove management of chemical substances contained in products.
environmentally hazardous P romote switching to substances with lower environmental impact.
substances.
F urther reduce per unit of VOC
R educe unit VOC emissions (year on year).
emissions (g/m2) at production lines.
Production
C ontinue to reduce emissions of
I dentify and manage the chemical substances regulated by the PRTR law and promote further
PRTR substances into the
reduction in the use of these substances.
environment.

[PAGE 39]
038 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index The 6th Voluntary Plan for the Environment (FYE March 2018 to FYE March 2021) Global Warming Measures Field Item FYE March 2021 Target Results Products Fuel economy improvement Automobiles Continue to improve fuel economy through full model changes and annual improvements. Rollout the downsized turbo engine, the next Levorg, and Forester. Start and promote advanced development of a strong hybrid, aiming at mass production. Equipped the downsized turbo engine that meets FYE March 2021 fuel efficiency standards and rolled out the next Levorg and Forester. Prioritized development of a strong hybrid and moved forward according to plan. Clean energy use Promote introduction of electric vehicles. Promote joint development of EVs with Toyota Motor Corporation and move to mass production of THS-based vehicles, aiming to achieve the environmental goals announced publicly on January 20, 2020. We are moving forward according to plan in jointly developing EVs with Toyota Motor Corporation and pivoting to mass production development with the goal of beginning sales in mid-2022. Road traffic improvement – IT technology (Self-driving technology and preventive safety technology) Make efforts to expand deployment of Advanced Driver Assistance System and development of self-driving technology, further advance technological development to prevent accidents, and contribute to CO2 reduction through preventing traffic congestion due to accidents and improving traffic flow with driving assistance technology. Promote development that aims at zero fatal traffic accidents*2 by 2030. Continue to promote development of Advanced Driver Assistance System technology, focusing mainly on rollout of the next-generation EyeSight and popularization and dissemination of accident damage reduction technology using third-party assessment. Continue to promote activities based on industry/government/academia initiatives such as SIP/ASV. We rolled out the new Levorg in FYE March 2021 equipped with the next-generation EyeSight, which features enhanced accident avoidance at intersections, emergency pre-crash steering, and green light notification functions. We launched the Advanced Driver Assistance System EyeSight X that features an active lane change assist and a driver error monitoring system. Production Production facilities Reduce CO2 emissions per unit of production at domestic production facilities. Reduce CO2 emissions per unit of production at domestic production facilities by 14% by FYE March 2021 from the FYE March 2007 level. Reduced CO2 emissions per unit of production at domestic production facilities by 44% through FYE March 2021 compared with the FYE March 2007 level. Promote activities to reduce CO2 emissions at overseas production facilities.*1 Continue to consider introducing energy saving facilities and renewable energy power systems while studying approaches in this context to address inevitable increases in energy use required to increase production. We have continued to consider introducing energy-saving facilities and renewable energy power systems to reduce CO2 emissions by 30% in FYE March 2031 compared with FYE March 2017. Distribution/ Sales Distribution Promote CO2 emissions reduction activities synchronized with the Energy Saving Law. Aim for 1% emissions reduction every fiscal year with the FYE March 2007 result as a benchmark. Achieved the annual 1% emission reduction target. CO2 emissions per unit for FYE March 2021 was 27.82 kg/unit, which was below the target of 28.29 kg/per unit (1% reduction every fiscal year from the FYE March 2007 benchmark). *1 Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. *2 Reducing to zero the number of fatal accidents occurring while a driver or passenger in a SUBARU and the number of fatalities among pedestrians, cyclists, and the like arising from collisions with a SUBARU vehicle. Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 038
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
The 6th Voluntary Plan for the Environment (FYE March 2018 to FYE March 2021) Global Warming Measures
FYE March 2021
Field Item
Target Results
R ollout the downsized turbo engine, the next Levorg, and Forester. E quipped the downsized turbo engine that meets FYE March 2021 fuel efficiency
F im ue p l r e o c v o e n m o e m nt y a C n o n n u t a in l i u m e p t r o o v i e m m p e r n o t v s e . fuel economy through full model changes and S tart and promote advanced development of a strong hybrid, aiming at mass standards and rolled out the next Levorg and Forester.
production. P rioritized development of a strong hybrid and moved forward according to plan.
P romote joint development of EVs with Toyota Motor Corporation and move to W e are moving forward according to plan in jointly developing EVs with Toyota
Clean energy use P romote introduction of electric vehicles. mass production of THS-based vehicles, aiming to achieve the environmental Motor Corporation and pivoting to mass production development with the goal
goals announced publicly on January 20, 2020. of beginning sales in mid-2022.
Products Automobiles
P romote development that aims at zero fatal traffic accidents*2 by 2030.
M ake efforts to expand deployment of Advanced Driver Assistance C ontinue to promote development of Advanced Driver Assistance System W e rolled out the new Levorg in FYE March 2021 equipped with the next-generation
Road traffic improvement System and development of self-driving technology, further advance technology, focusing mainly on rollout of the next-generation EyeSight and EyeSight, which features enhanced accident avoidance at intersections, emergency
– IT t e ch n o lo g y ( S e lf -d r iv i n g technological development to prevent accidents, and contribute to CO2 popularization and dissemination of accident damage reduction technology using pre-crash steering, and green light notification functions.
t e c h n o lo g y a n d p re v e n ti v e
safety technology) reduction through preventing traffic congestion due to accidents and third-party assessment. W e launched the Advanced Driver Assistance System EyeSight X that features
improving traffic flow with driving assistance technology. C ontinue to promote activities based on industry/government/academia initiatives an active lane change assist and a driver error monitoring system.
such as SIP/ASV.
R educe CO2 emissions per unit of production at domestic production Reduce CO2 emissions per unit of production at domestic production facilities by Reduced CO2 emissions per unit of production at domestic production facilities
facilities. 14% by FYE March 2021 from the FYE March 2007 level. by 44% through FYE March 2021 compared with the FYE March 2007 level.
Production Production facilities
C ontinue to consider introducing energy saving facilities and renewable energy W e have continued to consider introducing energy-saving facilities and renewable
P r o m o te activities to reduce CO2 emissions at overseas production
power systems while studying approaches in this context to address inevitable energy power systems to reduce CO2 emissions by 30% in FYE March 2031
f a c il iti es .*1
increases in energy use required to increase production. compared with FYE March 2017.
A chieved the annual 1% emission reduction target.
Distribution/ Distribution Promote CO2 emissions reduction activities synchronized with the Energy A im for 1% emissions reduction every fiscal year with the FYE March 2007 result as CO2 emissions per unit for FYE March 2021 was 27.82 kg/unit, which was below
Sales Saving Law. a benchmark. the target of 28.29 kg/per unit (1% reduction every fiscal year from the FYE March
2007 benchmark).
*1 Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
*2 Reducing to zero the number of fatal accidents occurring while a driver or passenger in a SUBARU and the number of fatalities among pedestrians, cyclists, and the like arising from collisions with a SUBARU vehicle.
[TABLE] Field | Item | FYE March 2021
[TABLE] Target | Results
[TABLE] Fuel economy C ontinue to improve fuel economy through full model changes and
improvement annual improvements.
Clean energy use P romote introduction of electric vehicles.
Automobiles
M ake efforts to expand deployment of Advanced Driver Assistance
Road traffic improvement
System and development of self-driving technology, further advance
– IT technology (Self-driving
technological development to prevent accidents, and contribute to CO2
technology and preventive
reduction through preventing traffic congestion due to accidents and
safety technology)
improving traffic flow with driving assistance technology.
[TABLE] R educe CO2 emissions per unit of production at domestic production
facilities.
Production facilities
P romote activities to reduce CO2 emissions at overseas production
facilities.*1
[TABLE] Promote CO2 emissions reduction activities synchronized with the Energy
Distribution
Saving Law.

[PAGE 40]
039 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index The 6th Voluntary Plan for the Environment (FYE March 2018 to FYE March 2021) Pollution Prevention and Reduction of Hazardous Chemical Use Field Item FYE March 2021 Target Results Products Reduction in emissions Promote the introduction of low-emission vehicles to improve air quality.  Japan: Continue to increase the number of WLTP low emission standard certified models. Complete advanced development of SUL EV-compliant vehicles to be rolled out in North America. Expanded the number of WLTP low emission standard certified models. Completed the advanced development of SUL EVs for North America. Rolled out vehicles with GPF for delivery to Europe. Reduction in the use of environmentally hazardous substances Promote the management and reduction in the use of environmentally hazardous substances. Enhance chemical substance management using IMDS. Promote alternative substances with even less environmental load. Built and began using an IMDS system enabling chemical components management for the complete range of parts. Completed the switch to ethanol for washer fluid for Europe. Promoted environmental measures in line with the 2020 prohibitions of the ELV Directive, such as the development of lead-free alternative laminated glass solder. Production Management and emission reduction of environmentally hazardous substances at production facilities Automobiles Further reduce per unit of VOC emissions (g/m2) at production lines. FYE March 2021 target: 48.4 g/m2 FYE March 2021 result: 47.4 g/m2 Continued to improve thinner recovery when cleaning color-change piping at the Gunma Paint Plant . Continue to reduce emissions of PRTR substances into the environment. Continue aggregation management control of chemical substances regulated by the PRTR law. Improved PRTR system and continued aggregation. Promote activities targeting the elimination of occurrences of hazardous substances leaking off site, complaints, and exceeding legal standards. Continue to implement environmental risk reduction activities (instruction, education, and coexistence with community). The FYE March 2021 target for reducing instances of the issues listed on the left was zero in all cases. Gunma Yajima Plant septic tank defect countermeasures Improved work procedures at Utsunomiya Plant Reduced ventilation system noise at headquarters Quickly addressed odors identified by factory patrols Enhanced building repairs Enhanced vehicle oil leakage preventive maintenance The 6th Voluntary Plan for the Environment (FYE March 2018 to FYE March 2021) Resource Recycling Field Item FYE March 2021 Target Results Products Recyclability improvement Continue to implement measures to comply with the Automobile Recycling Law. Continue to implement measures to make parts and materials more detachable, separable, and sortable. Build collection schemes as necessary in relevant locations for used EV/HV batteries for large vehicles in line with sales of MHEV/PHEV. Continue to promote the development of models designed with consideration for ease of dismantling. Continue to promote the use of recycled materials in resin parts in line with trends in the social environment, laws, and regulations. Continued to achieve an actual recycling rate over 95% in FYE March 2021. Continued to promote vehicle development that incorporates design for recycling, including easy dismantling. We have set internal goals for using recycled materials for resin parts, and are continuing initiatives to switch over. Make efforts for CFRP recycling technology. Continue to promote technological development that considers easy dismantling. Continued to promote technology development that considers easy dismantling. Promotion of life-cycle assessment Promote disclosure of life-cycle assessment (LCA) data. Only the new Levorg, to be released in 2020, will be subject to LCA data disclosure. Calculated and disclosed LCA data for the new Levorg, the only vehicle subject to LCA data disclosure in 2020. Production Domestic dealerships and dismantlers Establish processing schemes for difficult material to process, etc. Japan: Start to apply the used EV/HV lithium-ion batteries disposal scheme. Expand the acquisition and utilization of approval for waste disposal practice, as set forth in the Waste Management and Public Cleansing Act. Partial operation initiated based on actual demand for acquisition and utilization Production facilities Continue the appropriate disposal of waste and reducing waste generation. Continue to appropriately dispose of waste and reduce waste generation through sorting. Continued to carry out appropriate waste management and maintain waste reduction through sorting. Continue zero landfill (zero landfill waste either directly or indirectly) at both domestic and overseas production facilities. Continue to achieve zero landfill at both domestic and overseas production facilities. Maintained zero landfill emissions at production facilities in and outside Japan. Manage volume of water used at both domestic and overseas production facilities. Properly manage volume of water use at production facilities in and outside Japan. Promoted appropriate management of water usage at production facilities in and outside Japan. * Waste Management and Public Cleansing Act (Promulgated on December 25, 1970) Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 039
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
The 6th Voluntary Plan for the Environment (FYE March 2018 to FYE March 2021) Resource Recycling
FYE March 2021
Field Item
Target Results
B uild collection schemes as necessary in relevant locations for used EV/HV
C ontinued to achieve an actual recycling rate over 95% in FYE March 2021.
C ontinue to implement measures to comply with the Automobile batteries for large vehicles in line with sales of MHEV/PHEV.
Recycling Law. C ontinue to promote the development of models designed with consideration for C ontinued to promote vehicle development that incorporates design for
recycling, including easy dismantling.
Recyclability improvement C d e o t n a t c i h n a u b e l e t , o s e im pa p r l a e b m le e , n a t n d m s e o a r s ta u b re le s . to make parts and materials more e C a o s n e t i o n f u d e i s to m p an ro tl m in o g t . e the use of recycled materials in resin parts in line with trends W e have set internal goals for using recycled materials for resin parts, and are
Products continuing initiatives to switch over.
in the social environment, laws, and regulations.
M ake efforts for CFRP recycling technology. C ontinue to promote technological development that considers easy dismantling. C ontinued to promote technology development that considers easy dismantling.
O nly the new Levorg, to be released in 2020, will be subject to LCA data C alculated and disclosed LCA data for the new Levorg, the only vehicle subject to
Promotion of life-cycle assessment P romote disclosure of life-cycle assessment (LCA) data.
disclosure. LCA data disclosure in 2020.
J apan: Start to apply the used EV/HV lithium-ion batteries disposal scheme.
Domestic dealerships and dismantlers E stablish processing schemes for difficult material to process, etc. E xpand the acquisition and utilization of approval for waste disposal practice, as P artial operation initiated based on actual demand for acquisition and utilization
set forth in the Waste Management and Public Cleansing Act.
C ontinue the appropriate disposal of waste and reducing waste C ontinue to appropriately dispose of waste and reduce waste generation through C ontinued to carry out appropriate waste management and maintain waste
Production generation. sorting. reduction through sorting.
C ontinue zero landfill (zero landfill waste either directly or indirectly) at C ontinue to achieve zero landfill at both domestic and overseas production
Production facilities M aintained zero landfill emissions at production facilities in and outside Japan.
both domestic and overseas production facilities. facilities.
M anage volume of water used at both domestic and overseas production P roperly manage volume of water use at production facilities in and outside P romoted appropriate management of water usage at production facilities in and
facilities. Japan. outside Japan.
* Waste Management and Public Cleansing Act (Promulgated on December 25, 1970)
The 6th Voluntary Plan for the Environment (FYE March 2018 to FYE March 2021) Pollution Prevention and Reduction of Hazardous Chemical Use
FYE March 2021
Field Item
Target Results
Japan: Continue to increase the number of WLTP low emission standard certified E xpanded the number of WLTP low emission standard certified models.
models.
Reduction in emissions P romote the introduction of low-emission vehicles to improve air quality. C ompleted the advanced development of SUL EVs for North America.
C omplete advanced development of SUL EV-compliant vehicles to be rolled out
in North America. R olled out vehicles with GPF for delivery to Europe.
Products B uilt and began using an IMDS system enabling chemical components
management for the complete range of parts.
Reduction in the use of environmentally P romote the management and reduction in the use of environmentally E nhance chemical substance management using IMDS.
C ompleted the switch to ethanol for washer fluid for Europe.
hazardous substances hazardous substances. P romote alternative substances with even less environmental load.
P romoted environmental measures in line with the 2020 prohibitions of the ELV
Directive, such as the development of lead-free alternative laminated glass solder.
FYE March 2021 result: 47.4 g/m2
Automobiles F urther reduce per unit of VOC emissions (g/m2) at production lines. FYE March 2021 target: 48.4 g/m2 C ontinued to improve thinner recovery when cleaning color-change piping at the
Gunma Paint Plant .
Management and C ontinue to reduce emissions of PRTR substances into the environment. C ontinue aggregation management control of chemical substances regulated by I mproved PRTR system and continued aggregation.
emission reduction of the PRTR law.
Production environmentally G unma Yajima Plant septic tank defect countermeasures
hazardous substances at Improved work procedures at Utsunomiya Plant
production facilities P romote activities targeting the elimination of occurrences of hazardous C ontinue to implement environmental risk reduction activities (instruction, Reduced ventilation system noise at headquarters
education, and coexistence with community). The FYE March 2021 target for
substances leaking off site, complaints, and exceeding legal standards. reducing instances of the issues listed on the left was zero in all cases. Q uickly addressed odors identified by factory patrols
E nhanced building repairs
E nhanced vehicle oil leakage preventive maintenance
[TABLE] Field | Item | FYE March 2021
[TABLE] Target | Results
[TABLE] Field | Item | FYE March 2021
[TABLE] Target | Results
[TABLE] Reduction in emissions P romote the introduction of low-emission vehicles to improve air quality.
Reduction in the use of environmentally P romote the management and reduction in the use of environmentally
hazardous substances hazardous substances.
Automobiles F urther reduce per unit of VOC emissions (g/m2) at production lines.
Management and C ontinue to reduce emissions of PRTR substances into the environment.
emission reduction of
environmentally
hazardous substances at
production facilities
P romote activities targeting the elimination of occurrences of hazardous
substances leaking off site, complaints, and exceeding legal standards.

[PAGE 41]
040 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index The 6th Voluntary Plan for the Environment (FYE March 2018 to FYE March 2021) Environmental Management Field Item FYE March 2021 Target Results Procurement Green procurement activities Request both domestic and overseas suppliers to establish, maintain, and strengthen environmental management systems (EMS). Continue to maintain the structure to establish EMS including new suppliers. Revise the guidelines as necessary after checking with related departments for any revision requirements, and issue a new version of the guidelines. Continued to maintain the EMS encompassing 396 companies, including new suppliers. Confirmation with relevant departments did not result in revision of the guidelines in FYE March 2021. Reduce environmentally hazardous substances. Continue to investigate the content of environmentally hazardous substances and promote switching to alternatives appropriately in response to global regulation trends. Requested IMDS input and SVHC content survey as planned, and proceeded to switch to alternative materials. Apply the supplier CSR guidelines and green procurement guidelines. Revise and issue guidelines, and distribute the new version of the guidelines to suppliers as necessary in light of social situations. We used video briefing sessions and compliance surveys to ask our suppliers to develop, disseminate, and comply with the guidelines. Distribution/ Sales Promotion of environmental conservation activities among dealerships Automobiles Provide support to SUBARU dealerships’ environmental activities. Provide individual companies with education and other support to ensure that each dealer can undergo the Inspection for Transition to the 2017 Version of the Eco Action 21 Guidelines without fail. In Japan, 31 out of 44 dealers completed the inspection for the transition to the 2017 Version of the Eco Action 21 Guidelines in FYE March 2020, and 13 dealers completed it in FYE March 2021, thus completing the shift to the 2017 guidelines. Management Promotion of environmental conservation activities, including biodiversity conservation, in cooperation with local communities Continue to participate in environmental events, and make friendly exchanges with and support factory tours of residents near factories. Continue to conduct cleanup and greening activities, including biodiversity conservation efforts, near factories. Support activities of and work with environmental organizations. Continue school visit programs to provide environmental classes and factory tours. Continue to carry out cleanup activities around factories and offices. Contribute to forest conservation in regions where SUBARU has close ties with local communities. Continued environmental lectures and remote visits to the Gunma Visitor Center. Continued to carry out community cleanup activities. Despite the COVID-19 pandemic, we have continued to work with local communities where we have close ties. Disclosure of environmental information Disclose environmental information through regular publication of environmental reports and other documents in a timely manner. Continue to carry out timely information disclosure in the CSR report. Promote corporate communication activities appropriately, utilizing various content materials effectively. Sustainability Report (Japanese version of this publication) was published in September 2021. The English version will be released in October. Answer questions from environmental NGOs such as CDP and ESG evaluation organizations. Publish the answers on our website as necessary. Improve and enhance the contents of Environmental Report (to be in compliance with Environmental Reporting Guidelines, and inclusion of Group companies in the scope of reporting). Consider approaches to increase readability of disclosed content. Ongoing content improvement for compatibility with TCFD and integrated reports. Participate in environmental events and publicize corporate environmental activities. Consider methods of gaining understanding of SUBARU’s environmental initiatives among a wider audience and put them into practice. Considered methods compatible with the COVID-19 pandemic. Promotion of environmental education and awareness activities Continue environmental and social education under the in-house education system. Continue to use e-learning and other methods to deliver environmental education and aim to further enhance the education provided. Implement initiatives aimed at increasing understanding of the Waste Management and Public Cleansing Act. Promoted higher levels of understanding through e-learning. Establishment of an Environmental Management System Each and every SUBARU site to maintain ISO14001 integrated certification. Upgrade and deploy appropriate environmental management systems. Continued the certification of Group companies. Make continuous improvements to the Environmental Management System. Increase cooperation with subsidiaries and suppliers, and maintain and improve the establishment of consolidated environmental management system. * Eco Action 21 (EA21): An environmental management system designed by the Ministry of the Environment with reference to ISO14001 that is easy for small and medium-sized enterprises to employ. Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 040
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
The 6th Voluntary Plan for the Environment (FYE March 2018 to FYE March 2021) Environmental Management
FYE March 2021
Field Item
Target Results
C ontinued to maintain the EMS encompassing 396 companies, including new
C ontinue to maintain the structure to establish EMS including new suppliers.
R equest both domestic and overseas suppliers to establish, maintain, and suppliers.
strengthen environmental management systems (EMS). R evise the guidelines as necessary after checking with related departments for any C onfirmation with relevant departments did not result in revision of the guidelines
revision requirements, and issue a new version of the guidelines.
in FYE March 2021.
Procurement Green procurement activities C ontinue to investigate the content of environmentally hazardous substances and
R equested IMDS input and SVHC content survey as planned, and proceeded to
Reduce environmentally hazardous substances. promote switching to alternatives appropriately in response to global regulation
switch to alternative materials.
trends.
R evise and issue guidelines, and distribute the new version of the guidelines to W e used video briefing sessions and compliance surveys to ask our suppliers to
A pply the supplier CSR guidelines and green procurement guidelines.
suppliers as necessary in light of social situations. develop, disseminate, and comply with the guidelines.
Promotion of
P rovide individual companies with education and other support to ensure that I n Japan, 31 out of 44 dealers completed the inspection for the transition to the
Distribution/ environmental
Automobiles P rovide support to SUBARU dealerships’ environmental activities. each dealer can undergo the Inspection for Transition to the 2017 Version of the 2017 Version of the Eco Action 21 Guidelines in FYE March 2020, and 13 dealers
Sales conservation activities
Eco Action 21 Guidelines without fail. completed it in FYE March 2021, thus completing the shift to the 2017 guidelines.
among dealerships
C ontinue to participate in environmental events, and make friendly
Promotion of environmental conservation exchanges with and support factory tours of residents near factories. C ontinue school visit programs to provide environmental classes and factory tours. C ontinued environmental lectures and remote visits to the Gunma Visitor Center.
activities, including biodiversity C ontinue to carry out cleanup activities around factories and offices. C ontinued to carry out community cleanup activities.
C ontinue to conduct cleanup and greening activities, including
conservation, in cooperation with local biodiversity conservation efforts, near factories. C ontribute to forest conservation in regions where SUBARU has close ties with D espite the COVID-19 pandemic, we have continued to work with local
communities local communities. communities where we have close ties.
S upport activities of and work with environmental organizations.
S ustainability Report (Japanese version of this publication) was published in
C ontinue to carry out timely information disclosure in the CSR report.
D isclose environmental information through regular publication of September 2021. The English version will be released in October.
environmental reports and other documents in a timely manner. P romote corporate communication activities appropriately, utilizing various A nswer questions from environmental NGOs such as CDP and ESG evaluation
content materials effectively.
organizations. Publish the answers on our website as necessary.
Disclosure of environmental information I mprove and enhance the contents of Environmental Report (to be in
compliance with Environmental Reporting Guidelines, and inclusion of C onsider approaches to increase readability of disclosed content. O ngoing content improvement for compatibility with TCFD and integrated reports.
Group companies in the scope of reporting).
Management
P articipate in environmental events and publicize corporate environmental C onsider methods of gaining understanding of SUBARU’s environmental
C onsidered methods compatible with the COVID-19 pandemic.
activities. initiatives among a wider audience and put them into practice.
C ontinue to use e-learning and other methods to deliver environmental education
Promotion of environmental education C ontinue environmental and social education under the in-house and aim to further enhance the education provided.
P romoted higher levels of understanding through e-learning.
and awareness activities education system. I mplement initiatives aimed at increasing understanding of the Waste
Management and Public Cleansing Act.
E ach and every SUBARU site to maintain ISO14001 integrated certification.
Establishment of an Environmental M ake continuous improvements to the Environmental Management System.
U pgrade and deploy appropriate environmental management systems. C ontinued the certification of Group companies.
Management System I ncrease cooperation with subsidiaries and suppliers, and maintain and
improve the establishment of consolidated environmental management
system.
* Eco Action 21 (EA21): An environmental management system designed by the Ministry of the Environment with reference to ISO14001 that is easy for small and medium-sized enterprises to employ.
[TABLE] Field | Item | FYE March 2021
[TABLE] Target | Results

[PAGE 42]
041 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index Calculation Method SUBARU has its own guidelines for calculating and tabulating the amount of environmental investments made by the company. These guidelines are aligned with SUBARU’s environmental conservation organization. Calculation Results FYE March 2021 environmental investment increased ¥637 million year on year to ¥3.6 billion. Key factors included environmental investment in wastewater treatment and noise control at the Gunma Plant and Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. Environmental Investment Subaru Group Material Flow Subaru Group Environmental Investment Item Category Consolidated FYE March 2020 FYE March 2021 (1) Cost in the business area (i) Pollution prevention cost 123 898 (ii) Global environment conservation cost 378 189 (iii) Resource recycling cost 1 42 (2) R&D cost R&D cost to reduce environmental impact 2,506 2,524 (3) Environmental remediation costs Costs for remediating soil and groundwater pollution 14 6 Grand total 3,022 3,659 Note: Due to rounding, the sum may not exactly match the corresponding total. FYE March 2020 results have been revised because of the inclusion of overseas group companies. Scope SUBARU: SUBARU CORPORATION Domestic group companies: Yusoki Kogyo K.K., Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd., Ichitan Co., Ltd., Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd., Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd. Overseas group companies: Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc., Subaru of America, Inc., Subaru of Canada, Inc., Subaru Research & Development, Inc. INPUT Business activities Procurement R&D, Production and Offices Logistics Sales and repair Product use Product disposal Raw materials 562 thousand t-CO2 Energy use 10,393 TJ Water consumption 4,281 thousand m3 Substances regulated by the PRTR law 2,556 t Energy use 774 TJ Water consumption 348 thousand m3 OUTPUT CO2 emissions Scope 3: Purchased goods and services 1,583 thousand t-CO2 CO2 emissions Scope 1, 2 553 thousand t-CO2 Waste generation 154 thousand t-CO2 Emissions of NOx 207t Emissions of SOx 2 t Emissions of PRTR law-regulated substances 706 t CO2 emissions Scope 3: Transportation and distribution (upstream) 601 thousand t-CO2 CO2 emissions Scope 1, 2 38 thousand t-CO2 Waste generation 17,049 t CO2 emissions Scope 3: Use of sold products 24,942 thousand t-CO2 CO2 emissions Scope 3: Use of sold products 479 thousand t-CO2 Airbags • Collected: 462,898 airbags • Recycling rate: 95% CFCs • Collected: 28,466 kg Recycle Bumpers • No. of bumpers collected: 26,881 • Recycled: 98 t Automobile shredder residue (ASR) • Collected: 24,700 t • Recycling rate: 96% (Unit: million yen) Scope: Procurement SUBARU: Gunma Plant, Utsunomiya Plant, Handa Plant, Handa West Plant R&D and Production SUBARU: Gunma Plant, Utsunomiya Plant, Handa Plant, Handa West Plant, Tokyo Office, Ebisu Subaru Building, SUBARU Academy, Parts Distribution Center, Omiya Subaru Building Group companies in Japan: Yusoki Kogyo K.K., Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd., Ichitan Co., Ltd., Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd., Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd. Overseas group companies: Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc., Subaru of America, Inc., Subaru Canada, Inc., Subaru Research & Development, Inc. Logistics Land transport (in Japan) and marine transport Sales and repair Domestic dealerships Product use and sale Sold SUBARU vehicles Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 041
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Subaru Group Material Flow Environmental Investment
Calculation Method
Raw materials Energy use Energy use
SUBARU has its own guidelines for calculating and tabulating
562 thousand t-CO2 10,393 TJ 774 TJ
Water consumption Water the amount of environmental investments made by the
INPUT 4,281 thousand m3 c 3 o 4 n 8 s u th m ou p sa t n io d n m3 company. These guidelines are aligned with SUBARU’s
Substances regulated
by the PRTR law environmental conservation organization.
2,556 t
Calculation Results
FYE March 2021 environmental investment increased ¥637 million
Business Procurement R&D, Production Logistics Sales and repair Product use Product disposal year on year to ¥3.6 billion. Key factors included environmental
activities and Offices
investment in wastewater treatment and noise control at the
Gunma Plant and Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
CO2 emissions CO2 emissions CO2 emissions CO2 emissions CO2 emissions CO2 emissions
Scope 3: Purchased Scope 1, 2 Scope 3: Scope 1, 2 Scope 3: Use of Scope 3: Use of sold products Subaru Group Environmental Investment
g 1 o , o 5 d 8 s a 3 n d th s o e u r s v a i n ce d s t-CO2 5 W 1 5 5 a 3 4 st e t t h h o o g u u e s s a a n n n e d d r t t - a - C C t O O io 2 2 n ( a T 6 u r n p 0 a d n s 1 t s d r p e i t s h o a t o r r m u t ib a s ) a u t n i t o d io n t n -C O2 3 W 1 8 7 as , t t 0 h e o 4 u g s 9 e a n n d t e r t a -C t O io 2 n s 2 o 4 ld ,9 p 4 r 2 o d th u o c u t s s and t-CO2 B R 4 u e 7 m c 9 y p c e t l h r e s ousand t-CO2 Airbags Item Category FYE Marc C h ( o U 20 n n 2 s 0 i o t l : i d m FY a E t il e l M i d o ar n ch y 20 e 2 n 1 )
E 2 m 07 is t sions of NOx • c N o o ll . e o c f t e b d u : m 2 p 6 e , r 8 s 8 1 • • R C e o 4 c l 6 l y e 2 c c , l t 8 in e 9 g d 8 : r a a i t r e b : ags (i) Pollution prevention cost 123 898
OUTPUT E 2 m t issions of SOx • Recycled: 98 t CFCs 95% (1) Cost in the business area (ii) c G o lo n b se a r l v e a n ti v o ir n o c n o m s e t nt 378 189
E la m w i - s r s e i g o u n l s a t o e f d P RTR r A e u s t id o u m e o ( b A il S e R s ) hredder • Collecte 2 d 8 : ,466 kg (iii) Resource recycling cost 1 42
s 7 u 0 b 6 st a t nces • • R C e o c ll y e c c l t in e g d : 2 ra 4 t ,7 e 0 : 0 t (2) R&D cost R en & v D ir o c n o m st e t n o t a re l d im uc p e a ct 2,506 2,524
96%
(3) Environmental Costs for remediating soil
14 6
remediation costs and groundwater pollution
Grand total 3,022 3,659
Scope: Note: D ue to rounding, the sum may not exactly match the corresponding total. FYE March
Procurement SUBARU: Gunma Plant, Utsunomiya Plant, Handa Plant, Handa West Plant 2020 results have been revised because of the inclusion of overseas group companies.
R&D and Production SUBARU: G unma Plant, Utsunomiya Plant, Handa Plant, Handa West Plant, Tokyo Office, Ebisu Subaru Building, SUBARU Academy, Parts Distribution Center, Omiya
Scope
Subaru Building
SUBARU: SUBARU CORPORATION
Group companies in Japan: Yusoki Kogyo K.K., Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd., Ichitan Co., Ltd., Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd., Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd.
Domestic group companies: Yusoki Kogyo K.K., Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd., Ichitan Co., Ltd.,
Overseas group companies: Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc., Subaru of America, Inc., Subaru Canada, Inc., Subaru Research & Development, Inc.
Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd., Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd.
Logistics Land transport (in Japan) and marine transport Overseas group companies: Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc., Subaru of America, Inc.,
Sales and repair Domestic dealerships Subaru of Canada, Inc., Subaru Research & Development, Inc.
Product use and sale Sold SUBARU vehicles
[TABLE] INPUT | Raw materials Energy use Energy use
562 thousand t-CO2 10,393 TJ 774 TJ
Water consumption Water
4,281 thousand m3 consumption
348 thousand m3
Substances regulated
by the PRTR law
2,556 t
[TABLE] Business
activities | R&D, Production
Procurement Logistics Sales and repair Product use Product disposal
and Offices
[TABLE] OUTPUT | CO2 emissions CO2 emissions CO2 emissions CO2 emissions CO2 emissions CO2 emissions
Scope 3: Purchased Scope 1, 2 Scope 3: Scope 1, 2 Scope 3: Use of Scope 3: Use of sold products
g 1 o , o 5 d 8 s a 3 n d th s o e u r s v a i n ce d s t-CO2 5 W 5 a 3 st e th o g u e sa n n e d r t- a C t O io 2 n ( a T u r n p a d n s t s d r p e is o a t r r m t ib a ) u ti t o io n n 3 W 8 as t t h e o u g s e a n nd e r t a -C t O io 2 n s 2 o 4 ld ,9 p 4 r 2 o d th u o c u t s s and t-CO2 479 thousand t-CO2
154 thousand t-CO2 601 thousand t-CO2 17,049 t B R u e m cy p c e l r e s Airbags
Emissions of NOx • No. of bumpers • Collected:
207t collected: 4 6 2 , 8 9 8 a i r b ags
26,881 • Re c y c l in g r a t e :
Emissions of SOx • Recycled: 95%
2 t 98 t CFCs
Emissions of PRTR Automobile shredder • Collected:
law-regulated residue (ASR) 28,466 kg
substances • Collected:
24,700 t
706 t • Recycling rate:
96%
[TABLE] Item | Category | Consolidated
[TABLE] FYE March 2020 | FYE March 2021
[TABLE] (i) Pollution prevention cost | 123
[TABLE] (ii) Global environment
conservation cost | 378
[TABLE] (iii) Resource recycling cost | 1
[TABLE] R&D cost to reduce
environmental impact | 2,506
[TABLE] Costs for remediating soil
and groundwater pollution | 14
[TABLE] 3,022

[PAGE 43]
042 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index SUBARU deems it important for employees to conduct business and environmental activities with a strong awareness of environmental issues and the importance of environmental efficiency. Based on this recognition, we provide employees with a range of environmental education according to rank and job type. New Employee Environmental Education We provided education online during FYE March 2021 to help prevent the spread of COVID-19, and 704 people participated. The program covered the Subaru Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR to become a sustainable company and the SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy. ISO14001 New Internal Auditors Training Seminar We also held the ISO14001 New Internal Auditors Training Seminar to enhance the internal auditing system for our ISO14001- certified environmental management systems and to strengthen environmental conservation activities conducted at our workplaces. We invited external lecturers to this two-day seminar, and participants worked hard to gain the knowledge required of internal auditors. Dealers in Japan In February 2021, we examined environmental laws and regulations related to the sales activities of dealers in Japan, and created an environmental law compliance manual for dealership use. We also conducted in-house training for the environmental law compliance manual, and about 110 people participated to deepen their understanding of environmental law compliance. In November 2020, we conducted online training for sheet metal center compliance (chemical substances), and 68 people from 18 dealers in Japan participated. Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd. Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd. conducts in-house training on environmental laws and regulations in order to ensure compliance with environmental laws and regulations. In FYE March 2021, we held three training sessions for 120 participants, some of whom joined remotely. The sessions largely provided an overview of Japan’s legal system; an overview of the application of the Waste Management Act, hazardous substances under the Fire Service Act, and the Water Pollution Prevention Act; and management of chemical substances. Group training in FYE March 2022 is mainly geared toward ensuring that Subaru Group employees who are involved in ISO14001 understand environmental laws and regulations. ISO14001 New Internal Auditors Training Seminar Training session Environmental Education Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 042
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Environmental Education ISO14001 New Internal Auditors Training Seminar Dealers in Japan
We also held the ISO14001 New Internal Auditors Training Seminar In February 2021, we examined environmental laws and
SUBARU deems it important for employees to conduct business to enhance the internal auditing system for our ISO14001- regulations related to the sales activities of dealers in Japan, and
and environmental activities with a strong awareness of certified environmental management systems and to strengthen created an environmental law compliance manual for dealership
environmental issues and the importance of environmental environmental conservation activities conducted at our workplaces. use. We also conducted in-house training for the environmental
efficiency. Based on this recognition, we provide employees with a We invited external lecturers to this two-day seminar, and participants law compliance manual, and about 110 people participated to
range of environmental education according to rank and job type. worked hard to gain the knowledge required of internal auditors. deepen their understanding of environmental law compliance.
In November 2020, we conducted online training for sheet
metal center compliance (chemical substances), and 68 people
New Employee Environmental Education
from 18 dealers in Japan participated.
We provided education online during FYE March 2021 to help
prevent the spread of COVID-19, and 704 people participated. The
Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd.
program covered the Subaru Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR to
become a sustainable company and the SUBARU Global Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd. conducts in-house training on
Sustainability Policy. environmental laws and regulations in order to ensure compliance
with environmental laws and regulations. In FYE March 2021, we
held three training sessions for 120 participants, some of whom
joined remotely. The sessions largely provided an overview of
Japan’s legal system; an overview of the application of the Waste
Management Act, hazardous substances under the Fire Service
ISO14001 New Internal Auditors Training Seminar Act, and the Water Pollution Prevention Act; and management
of chemical substances. Group training in FYE March 2022 is
mainly geared toward ensuring that Subaru Group employees
who are involved in ISO14001 understand environmental laws
and regulations.
Training session

[PAGE 44]
043 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index Environmentally Friendly Automobiles “The earth, the sky and nature” are Subaru’s fields of business, and we truly do value the benefits nature provides. The Subaru Group is committed to increasing the environmental performance of its products and also to protecting the global environment throughout the life cycle of its products, from the procurement of raw materials through to the manufacturing, transportation, use, and disposal of its products. We need to effectively invest resources in the development of strategic technologies and link technology and management more comprehensively. This will enable us to address new technologies, as symbolized by the electric vehicles that will be key to resolving environmental issues, autonomous driving and connected car services, which in turn will enable us to deliver appealing products. SUBARU has therefore transitioned to a development system that organically combines value and function from a development system based on functional units such as vehicle bodies and power units in order to accelerate the development of new technologies such as environmentally responsible electric vehicles. We have also created the CTO Office within the Engineering Division as an organization to discuss and decide the future direction of technology development, along with a system to incorporate its outcomes into Groupwide strategies including procurement and manufacturing. Our objective is to empower a transformation to a Groupwide optimization perspective over a division and vehicle optimization perspective within an organization that is flexibly able to address the technologies of the future. Our development system will evolve into a core platform for creating and delivering environmental and technological value that demonstrates SUBARU-ness. Our Approach Management System Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices We cultivate, enhance, and accumulate future-generation core technologies that will underpin SUBARU’s future products. Going forward We used to pursue optimal solutions by model, body type, and power unit. Vehicle A Vehicle B Vehicle C Environment Powertrain / Drivetrain Vehicle A Vehicle B Vehicle C EyeSight Connected technologies Safety Enjoyment Previous Feature axis Value axis

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 043
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Environmentally Friendly Automobiles
Our Approach Management System of new technologies such as environmentally responsible electric
vehicles. We have also created the CTO Office within the
“The earth, the sky and nature” are Subaru’s fields of business, We need to effectively invest resources in the development of Engineering Division as an organization to discuss and decide the
and we truly do value the benefits nature provides. The strategic technologies and link technology and management future direction of technology development, along with a system
Subaru Group is committed to increasing the environmental more comprehensively. This will enable us to address new to incorporate its outcomes into Groupwide strategies including
performance of its products and also to protecting the global technologies, as symbolized by the electric vehicles that will be procurement and manufacturing.
environment throughout the life cycle of its products, from the key to resolving environmental issues, autonomous driving and Our objective is to empower a transformation to a Groupwide
procurement of raw materials through to the manufacturing, connected car services, which in turn will enable us to deliver optimization perspective over a division and vehicle optimization
transportation, use, and disposal of its products. appealing products. perspective within an organization that is flexibly able to address
SUBARU has therefore transitioned to a development the technologies of the future. Our development system will evolve
system that organically combines value and function from a into a core platform for creating and delivering environmental and
development system based on functional units such as vehicle technological value that demonstrates SUBARU-ness.
bodies and power units in order to accelerate the development
We cultivate, enhance, and accumulate future-generation core technologies that will underpin SUBARU’s
future products.
Previous Going forward
We used to pursue optimal solutions by Value axis
model, body type, and power unit.
Vehicle A Environment Safety Enjoyment
Powertrain / Drivetrain
Vehicle B Feature axis EyeSight
Connected technologies
Vehicle C
Vehicle A Vehicle B Vehicle C
[TABLE] Value axis
[TABLE] Safety
[TABLE] o | wertrain / Drivetr | ai | n
[TABLE] Eye | Si | ght
[TABLE] on | nected technolo | gi | es

[PAGE 45]
044 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index In order to contribute to a decarbonized society, SUBARU has set long-term goals (long-term vision) for reducing CO2 emissions and medium-term goals (milestones) to complement them. Even in the electric vehicle era, we will strengthen SUBARU- ness and manufacture environmentally responsible automobiles in line with our medium- to long-term goals for 2030 and 2050. We have also set the new target of proceeding with research and development with the goal of using recycled materials*1 for more than 25% of the plastics used in new models*2 released worldwide by 2030 to help address the global waste plastic problem. On a well-to-wheel*3 basis, we will pursue our goal of reducing the average CO2 emissions from new passenger cars by at least 90%*4 by 2050, compared with 2010. In the early 2030s, all commercial SUBARU cars*1 will be equipped with electric powertrain technology.*5 By 2030, we will pursue our goal of increasing the ratio of electric vehicles (EV) and hybrid cars to at least up to 40% of the gross number of vehicles sold globally. *1 Including material, chemical and plastic recycling. *2 Excluding models supplied by OEMs. *3 Well-to-Wheel: Approach to calculating CO2 emissions including the emissions produced by the generation of electricity to be used by EVs and other vehicles. *4 Reduce total CO2 emissions calculated based on the fuel efficiency (notified value) of all SUBARU automobiles sold across the world by 90% or more relative to the 2010 levels in 2050. Changes in the sales quantity due to changes in the market environment shall be taken into consideration, while minor changes in running distance shall not. *5 Refers to the technology used to foster the use of electricity for EVs, HEVs, and others. Efforts to Reduce CO2 Emissions for New Models SUBARU is working to improve the fuel efficiency of conventional gasoline engine vehicles while turning its attention to expanding its lineup of electric vehicle models and promoting EV development to address stricter fuel efficiency regulations in the countries it operates in. We believe it will be important to steadily implement the above initiatives in order to reduce the amount of CO2 emitted from automobiles. Higher Fuel Efficiency We will continue to meet demand for conventional gasoline-powered vehicles from customers. HEVs, which we are expanding to include more models, are made by combining gasoline engines with electrification technology, and engines need further technological improvements to boost fuel efficiency. The 1.8-liter BOXER direct injection turbo DIT *1 combines the unique driving pleasure of a SUBARU with outstanding environmental performance. Installed in the new Levorg and Forester models launched in 2020, it is a next- generation BOXER engine with a turbo system that generates high torque at low RPM. Its lean combustion technology produces more energy with less fuel. Combined with the expanded Lineartronic shift range, this engine offers even more powerful acceleration off the line and superb fuel efficiency when cruising at high speed. *1 Direct injection turbo Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term Vision and Milestones) Initiatives New 1.8-liter direct injection engine Contribution to the creation of a decarbonized society through products from SUBARU’s point of view SUBARU will contribute to building a decarbonized society through our distinctive and technological innovations. Global Environment Preservation Companies are required to contribute to the achievement of a decarbonized society 2050 On the well-to-wheel basis, we will pursue our goal of reducing the average CO2 emissions from new passenger cars by at least 90% by 2050, compared with 2010. SUBARU will accelerate the development of fundamental technologies for EVs and hybrid cars with support from alliance partners and continue offering products accentuating SUBARU’s distinctions even in the emerging electric age. 2030 By 2030, we will pursue our goal of increasing the ratio of electric vehicles (EV) and hybrid cars to at least 40% of the gross number of vehicles sold globally. In the early 2030s, all commercial SUBARU cars will be equipped with electric powertrain technology. Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 044
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term Vision and Milestones) Initiatives
On a well-to-wheel*3 basis, we will pursue our goal of
reducing the average CO2 emissions from new passenger
In order to contribute to a decarbonized society, SUBARU has set Efforts to Reduce CO Emissions for New Models
cars by at least 90%*4 by 2050, compared with 2010. 2
long-term goals (long-term vision) for reducing CO2 emissions and In the early 2030s, all commercial SUBARU cars*1 will be SUBARU is working to improve the fuel efficiency of conventional
medium-term goals (milestones) to complement them. equipped with electric powertrain technology.*5 gasoline engine vehicles while turning its attention to expanding
Even in the electric vehicle era, we will strengthen SUBARU- By 2030, we will pursue our goal of increasing the ratio of its lineup of electric vehicle models and promoting EV
ness and manufacture environmentally responsible automobiles electric vehicles (EV) and hybrid cars to at least up to 40% of development to address stricter fuel efficiency regulations in the
in line with our medium- to long-term goals for 2030 and 2050. the gross number of vehicles sold globally. countries it operates in. We believe it will be important to steadily
We have also set the new target of proceeding with research implement the above initiatives in order to reduce the amount of
and development with the goal of using recycled materials*1 for *1 Including material, chemical and plastic recycling. CO2 emitted from automobiles.
more than 25% of the plastics used in new models*2 released *2 Excluding models supplied by OEMs.
worldwide by 2030 to help address the global waste plastic problem. *3 Well-to-Wheel: Approach to calculating CO2 emissions including the emissions produced
Higher Fuel Efficiency
by the generation of electricity to be used by EVs and other vehicles.
*4 Reduce total CO2 emissions calculated based on the fuel efficiency (notified value) of We will continue to meet demand for conventional gasoline-powered
all SUBARU automobiles sold across the world by 90% or more relative to the 2010
levels in 2050. Changes in the sales quantity due to changes in the market environment vehicles from customers. HEVs, which we are expanding to include
shall be taken into consideration, while minor changes in running distance shall not. more models, are made by combining gasoline engines with
*5 Refers to the technology used to foster the use of electricity for EVs, HEVs, and others.
electrification technology, and engines need further technological
Contribution to the creation of a decarbonized society through products from SUBARU’s point of view
improvements to boost fuel efficiency. The 1.8-liter BOXER direct
Global Environment Preservation injection turbo DIT*1 combines the unique driving pleasure of a
SUBARU with outstanding environmental performance. Installed
Companies are required to contribute to the achievement of a decarbonized society
in the new Levorg and Forester models launched in 2020, it is a next-
generation BOXER engine with a turbo system that generates high
2050 2030 torque at low RPM. Its lean combustion technology produces
more energy with less fuel. Combined with the expanded Lineartronic
On the well-to-wheel basis, we will pursue our goal of By 2030, we will pursue our goal of increasing the ratio
shift range, this engine offers even more powerful acceleration off
reducing the average CO2 emissions from new passenger of electric vehicles (EV) and hybrid cars to at least 40% of
cars by at least 90% by 2050, compared with 2010. the gross number of vehicles sold globally. the line and superb fuel efficiency when cruising at high speed.
*1 Direct injection turbo
In the early 2030s, all commercial SUBARU cars will be
equipped with electric powertrain technology.
SUBARU will accelerate the development of fundamental technologies for EVs and hybrid cars with support from alliance partners and continue offering
products accentuating SUBARU’s distinctions even in the emerging electric age.
SUBARU will contribute to building a decarbonized society through our distinctive and technological innovations.
New 1.8-liter direct injection engine
[TABLE] Global Environment Preservation
Companies are required to contribute to the achievement of a decarbonized society
2050 2030
On the well-to-wheel basis, we will pursue our goal of By 2030, we will pursue our goal of increasing the ratio
reducing the average CO2 emissions from new passenger of electric vehicles (EV) and hybrid cars to at least 40% of
cars by at least 90% by 2050, compared with 2010. the gross number of vehicles sold globally.
In the early 2030s, all commercial SUBARU cars will be
equipped with electric powertrain technology.
SUBARU will accelerate the development of fundamental technologies for EVs and hybrid cars with support from alliance partners and continue offering
products accentuating SUBARU’s distinctions even in the emerging electric age.
[TABLE] SUBARU will contribute to building a decarbonized society through our distinctive and technological innovations.

[PAGE 46]
045 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index ‌Electric Vehicles—HEVs, Plug-in Hybrid Vehicles (PHEVs), Strong Hybrid Electric Vehicles (SHEVs), and Other Electromotive Vehicles (xEVs) SUBARU has been increasing the number of vehicles equipped with its mild hybrid e-BOXER*2 engine that combines a horizontally opposed engine and electric technology, and to reduce CO2 emissions has implemented initiatives such as creating its own plug- in hybrid vehicle (PHEV) using the hybrid vehicle expertise of Toyota Motor Corporation (Toyota). In addition, we will launch series hybrid electric vehicles (SHEV) in the mid-2020s that incorporate Toyota Hybrid System (THS)*3 technology to deliver vehicles that feature SUBARU-ness while offering high-level environmental performance. We are also planning to develop xEVs with improved fuel efficiency by equipping gasoline engine vehicles with various electrification technologies. By steadily expanding our product lineup of electric vehicles, we will help reduce CO2 emissions for new models. *2 Generic term used for “horizontally opposed engine + electrification technology,” which offers the unique driving pleasure of SUBARU while being environmentally friendly. *3 TOYOTA Hybrid System Electric Vehicles (EVs) SUBARU plans to launch SOLTERRA around the middle of 2022 as another step toward the era of the electric car. SUBARU’s first global EV, SOLTERRA, is designed to be environmentally responsible. It utilizes the e-SUBARU Global Platform, a dedicated EV platform we jointly developed with Toyota, as well as the AWD technology we have developed for many years and Toyota’s outstanding electrification technology, thus bringing together the strengths of both companies. An SUV with the unique appeal of an EV, SOLTERRA will launch in Japan, the U.S., Canada, Europe, China, and elsewhere as a new option in the SUBARU SUV lineup. SUBARU continues to develop and deliver products that meet societal needs and contribute to the environment through advanced technologies, thereby contributing to the protection of the global environment. We will continue to consider practical functions and customer preferences as we enhance our lineup in the markets we serve with environmentally friendly vehicles that are unique to SUBARU and that can deepen relationships with customers. SUBARU SUBARU GLOBAL GLOBAL PLATFORM PLATFORM Mild Hybrid (e-BOXER) Strong Hybrid with THS technology xEV Symmetrical Symmetrical AWD AWD MOTOR BATTERY These proprietary SUBARU These proprietary SUBARU technologies are integrated with technologies are integrated with hybrid technologies hybrid technologies Horizontally Horizontally opposed opposed engine engine Hybrid system Three Approaches PHEV Crosstrek Hybrid Forester Advance equipped with the e-BOXER power unit SUBARU name for a jointly developed EV: SOLTERRA “SOLTERRA” is a coined word that combines the Latin words “sol,” which means “sun,” and “terra,” which means “earth.” Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Reducing CO2 emissions with electrification technologies while further accentuating “SUBARU-ness” in the environmental era 2020 Launch compact SUV model first 2018 Plug-in Hybrid 202X Strong Hybrid 203X All are xEVs* Newly-designed 1.8L lean-burn turbo engines Adding SHEVs EV Hybrid Vehicles Engine Vehicles 2025 2030 2035 2020 Apply electrification technologies to all SUBARU vehicles sold worldwide by the first half of the 2030s 2022 * Vehicles with electrification technology.

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 045
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
E lectric Vehicles—HEVs, Plug-in Hybrid Vehicles (PHEVs), Electric Vehicles (EVs) an EV, SOLTERRA will launch in Japan, the U.S., Canada, Europe,
Strong Hybrid Electric Vehicles (SHEVs), and Other SUBARU plans to launch SOLTERRA around the middle of 2022 as China, and elsewhere as a new option in the SUBARU SUV lineup.
Electromotive Vehicles (xEVs) another step toward the era of the electric car. SUBARU’s first SUBARU continues to develop and deliver products that meet
SUBARU has been increasing the number of vehicles equipped global EV, SOLTERRA, is designed to be environmentally societal needs and contribute to the environment through advanced
with its mild hybrid e-BOXER*2 engine that combines a horizontally responsible. It utilizes the e-SUBARU Global Platform, a dedicated technologies, thereby contributing to the protection of the global
opposed engine and electric technology, and to reduce CO2 EV platform we jointly developed with Toyota, as well as the AWD environment. We will continue to consider practical functions and
emissions has implemented initiatives such as creating its own plug- technology we have developed for many years and Toyota’s customer preferences as we enhance our lineup in the markets we
in hybrid vehicle (PHEV) using the hybrid vehicle expertise of Toyota outstanding electrification technology, thus bringing together the serve with environmentally friendly vehicles that are unique to
Motor Corporation (Toyota). In addition, we will launch series hybrid strengths of both companies. An SUV with the unique appeal of SUBARU and that can deepen relationships with customers.
electric vehicles (SHEV) in the mid-2020s that incorporate Toyota
Hybrid System (THS)*3 technology to deliver vehicles that feature
SUBARU-ness while offering high-level environmental performance.
We are also planning to develop xEVs with improved fuel efficiency
by equipping gasoline engine vehicles with various electrification
technologies. By steadily expanding our product lineup of electric
vehicles, we will help reduce CO2 emissions for new models.
*2 G eneric term used for “horizontally opposed engine + electrification technology,”
which offers the unique driving pleasure of SUBARU while being environmentally friendly.
*3 TOYOTA Hybrid System
SUBARU name for a jointly developed EV: SOLTERRA
“SOLTERRA” is a coined word that combines the Latin words “sol,” which means “sun,” and “terra,” which means “earth.”
Reducing CO2 emissions with electrification technologies while further accentuating “SUBARU-ness” in the environmental era
2020 2025 2030 2035
PHEV Crosstrek Hybrid Forester Advance equipped
with the e-BOXER power unit EV 2022
Launch compact SUV model first
SSUUBBAARRUU HHoorriizzoonnttaallllyy
GGLLOOBBAALL SSyymmmmeettrriiccaall ooppppoosseedd Three Approaches Hybrid Vehicles
PPLLAATTFFOORRMM AAWWDD eennggiinnee
Mild Hybrid (e-BOXER) 2018 Plug-in Hybrid
Strong Hybrid 202X Strong Hybrid
with THS technology Adding SHEVs
TThheessee pprroopprriieettaarryy SSUUBBAARRUU 203X All are xEVs*
tteecchhnnoollooggiieess aarree iinntteeggrraatteedd wwiitthh xEV Engine Vehicles 2020
hhyybbrriidd tteecchhnnoollooggiieess
Apply electrification technologies to
Newly-designed 1.8L lean-burn turbo engines
all SUBARU vehicles sold worldwide
Hybrid system by the first half of the 2030s
MOTOR BATTERY
* Vehicles with electrification technology.
[TABLE] 2022
Launch compact SUV model
[TABLE] 2022
[TABLE] first
[TABLE] 2018 | Plug-in Hybrid
[TABLE] 202X Stron
Adding SHEVs | 202X Stron | g Hybrid
[TABLE] 203X All are xEVs*
Apply electrification technol
all SUBARU vehicles sold wo
by the first half of the 2030s | ogies to
rldwide
[TABLE] 2020
[TABLE] Newly-designed 1.8L lean-burn turb | o engines
[TABLE] MOTOR | BATTERY

[PAGE 47]
046 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index Life Cycle Assessment SUBARU conducts LCA*4 to evaluate CO2 emissions during the entire life cycle of automobiles, from raw material procurement to manufacturing to transportation, use, and disposal. We will quantify the environmental impact of automobiles and proactively develop automobiles taking into account the need for decarbonization from the design stage. SUBARU will reduce environmental load throughout the entire lifecycle by improving fuel efficiency and electrification technologies. *4 Life cycle assessment (LCA) is an environmental impact assessment method that comprehensively evaluates environmental load at every stage of the life cycle of products and services from raw material procurement to production, use, disposal and recycling. Levorg The displacement class of the new Levorg announced in October 2020 has changed. The ratio of CO2 emissions at each LCA stage is shown on the right. (%) 100 80 60 40 20 0 Transportation stage Vehicle manufacturing stage Material manufacturing stage Disposal stage Use stage The New Levorg Forester (e-BOXER) LCA of the new Forester with e-BOXER announced in June 2018 is shown on the right. It reduces CO2 emissions by 8.7% over its life cycle compared with its gasoline-fueled predecessor. (%) 100 80 60 40 20 0 Current Forester with e-BOXER Predecessor Transportation stage Vehicle manufacturing stage Material manufacturing stage Disposal stage Use stage Impreza LCA of the new Impreza, which was fully redesigned in fall 2016, is shown on the right. The new Impreza reduces CO2 emissions by 2.3% over its life cycle compared with its predecessor. Transportation stage Vehicle manufacturing stage Material manufacturing stage Disposal stage Use stage (%) 100 80 60 40 20 0 Current Impreza Predecessor Legacy Outback LCA of the new Legacy Outback announced in October 2014 is shown on the right. The new Legacy Outback reduces CO2 emissions by 8% over its life cycle compared with its predecessor. Transportation stage Vehicle manufacturing stage Material manufacturing stage Disposal stage Use stage (%) 100 80 60 40 20 0 Current Legacy Outback Hybrid Predecessor Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 046
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Life Cycle Assessment Levorg (%) Impreza (%)
SUBARU conducts LCA*4 to evaluate CO2 emissions during the The displacement class of the new 100 LCA of the new Impreza, which was 100
entire life cycle of automobiles, from raw material procurement to Levorg announced in October 2020 has fully redesigned in fall 2016, is shown
manufacturing to transportation, use, and disposal. We will changed. 80 on the right. 80
The ratio of CO2 emissions at each LCA The new Impreza reduces CO2
quantify the environmental impact of automobiles and proactively
stage is shown on the right. emissions by 2.3% over its life cycle
develop automobiles taking into account the need for 60 compared with its predecessor. 60
decarbonization from the design stage.
SUBARU will reduce environmental load throughout the entire 40 40
lifecycle by improving fuel efficiency and electrification technologies.
*4 L ife cycle assessment (LCA) is an environmental impact assessment method that 20 20
comprehensively evaluates environmental load at every stage of the life cycle of products
and services from raw material procurement to production, use, disposal and recycling.
0 0
The New Levorg Predecessor Current Impreza
Transportation stage Disposal stage Use stage Transportation stage Disposal stage Use stage
Vehicle manufacturing stage Material manufacturing stage Vehicle manufacturing stage Material manufacturing stage
Forester (e-BOXER) (%) Legacy Outback (%)
100 100
LCA of the new Forester with LCA of the new Legacy Outback
e-BOXER announced in June 2018 is announced in October 2014 is shown
shown on the right. 80 on the right. 80
It reduces CO2 emissions by 8.7% The new Legacy Outback reduces
over its life cycle compared with its CO2 emissions by 8% over its life
60 60
gasoline-fueled predecessor. cycle compared with its predecessor.
40 40
20 20
0 0
Predecessor Current Forester Predecessor Current Legacy
with e-BOXER Outback Hybrid
Transportation stage Disposal stage Use stage Transportation stage Disposal stage Use stage
Vehicle manufacturing stage Material manufacturing stage Vehicle manufacturing stage Material manufacturing stage

[PAGE 48]
047 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index SUBARU XV (e-BOXER) LCA of the new SUBARU XV (e-BOXER) announced in October 2018 is shown on the right. It reduces CO2 emissions by 12% over its life cycle compared with its gasoline-fueled predecessor. Transportation stage Vehicle manufacturing stage Material manufacturing stage Disposal stage Use stage (%) 100 80 60 40 20 0 SUBARU XV (e-BOXER) Predecessor SUBARU BRZ The ratio of CO2 emissions at each stage of the LCA for the SUBARU BRZ launched in July 2021 is shown on the right. The displacement class is different from the predecessor model, so only data for the new model is presented. Transportation stage Vehicle manufacturing stage Material manufacturing stage Disposal stage Use stage New SUBARU BRZ (%) 100 80 60 40 20 0 Design for Recycling SUBARU incorporates recyclability into its automobile design process to make effective use of limited resources. Increased ease of dismantling wiring harnesses A harness layout and structure are designed in such a way as to enable quick and efficient recovery of wiring harnesses. Improved material identification Material identification is displayed on both the inner and outer surfaces of bumpers to facilitate material separation. Adoption of easy-to-dismantle structure Trunk and rear gate opener switches are now clipped, rather than screwed, in place. Use of easy-to-recycle materials Olefin resin with superior recyclability is actively used for interior parts. Made from an olefin resin material Made of olefin resin Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 047
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
SUBARU XV (e-BOXER) (%) Design for Recycling
LCA of the new SUBARU XV 100 SUBARU incorporates recyclability into its automobile design
(e-BOXER) announced in October process to make effective use of limited resources.
2018 is shown on the right. 80
It reduces CO2 emissions by 12%
over its life cycle compared with its
60
gasoline-fueled predecessor.
Increased ease of dismantling wiring harnesses Use of easy-to-recycle materials
40 A harness layout and structure are designed in Olefin resin with superior
such a way as to enable quick and efficient recyclability is actively used for
recovery of wiring interior parts.
20 harnesses.
0 Made from an olefin resin material
Predecessor SUBARU XV Made of olefin resin
(e-BOXER)
Transportation stage Disposal stage Use stage
Vehicle manufacturing stage Material manufacturing stage
SUBARU BRZ (%)
100
The ratio of CO2 emissions at each
stage of the LCA for the SUBARU
BRZ launched in July 2021 is shown 80
on the right.
The displacement class is different
60
from the predecessor model, so only
data for the new model is presented.
Adoption of easy-to-dismantle structure
40
Trunk and rear gate opener switches are
now clipped, rather than screwed, in place.
20 Improved material
identification
Material identification is
0 displayed on both the
inner and outer surfaces of
New SUBARU BRZ
bumpers to facilitate
material separation.
Transportation stage Disposal stage Use stage
Vehicle manufacturing stage Material manufacturing stage
[TABLE] Increased ease of dismantling wiring harnesses
A harness layout and structure are designed in
such a way as to enable quick and efficient
recovery of wiring
harnesses.
[TABLE] f ea
ear

[PAGE 49]
048 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index Utilizing Recycled Resins To contribute to realizing a resource recycling society and a decarbonized society, SUBARU is working to develop technologies to utilize recycled resins and biomass materials in place of the resins currently used in automobiles. Subaru of America, Inc. Subaru of America, Inc. helped develop and launch environmentally friendly accessories in the form of floor mats made from used recycled materials for the 2021 Crossstrek Sport ®. The surface and lining of these floor mats are made from 100% recycled materials such as trash removed from the ocean. Cleaner Exhaust Gas To achieve and maintain clean air across the globe, SUBARU is developing technologies for cleaner exhaust gas, targeting not only conventional air pollutants such as hydrocarbon compounds and nitrogen oxides but also particulate matter, which is feared to have serious impacts on human health. At the product level, we are expanding our range of models that meet the latest regulations by country, while addressing emerging regulations at the development level. Japan: 2018 low emissions standards U.S.: State of California’s SULEV standards Europe: Euro 6 emission standards (final stage) China: China 6 emission standards We will develop and propose reasonable products for customers based on the results of research conducted to identify the optimal specifications in each country, including research on the components of exhaust gas that will be regulated in the future. To this end, we are designing materials on an atomic level to improve the performance of the catalyst, which plays a major role in producing cleaner exhaust gas, while also reducing the use of precious metal. Reducing Environmentally Hazardous Substances SUBARU is also collaborating with suppliers in reducing the use of environmentally hazardous substances in automobiles. We achieved the environmentally hazardous substance reduction targets for lead, mercury, hexavalent chromium and cadmium set by the Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association, Inc. (JAMA) for all new models released in and after 2008. In order to ensure compliance with the REACH regulation, ELV Directive, Chemical Substance Control Law and other regulations enforced across the world, we are further reducing the use of lead and replacing phthalic acid-based plasticizer and other hazardous chemical substances with alternatives. Reducing VOCs*5 in Vehicle Interiors SUBARU is reviewing the components and adhesive agents used in vehicle interiors in order to reduce the use of volatile organic compounds (VOCs). For the Legacy, Levorg, Impreza, Forester, and SUBARU BRZ, we achieved the voluntary target set by the JAMA *6 by reducing the concentration of the 13 substances defined by the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare to levels below the indoor concentration guideline values. We will continue our efforts to reduce the levels of VOCs to make the in-vehicle environment even more comfortable. *5 Organic compounds that easily volatilize at room temperature, such as formaldehyde and toluene, which are said to cause nose and throat irritation. *6 Voluntary target set by the JAMA in its “Voluntary Approach in Reducing Cabin VOC Concentration Levels,” which was announced with the intention of reducing the in-vehicle concentrations of the 13 substances designated by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare to levels equivalent to or lower than the values set in the guidelines, for new models produced and sold in Japan in and after FYE March 2008. JAMA’s “Voluntary Approach in Reducing Cabin VOC Concentration Levels” (Japanese version only) Floor mats made from recycled materials Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 048
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Utilizing Recycled Resins Cleaner Exhaust Gas Reducing VOCs*5 in Vehicle Interiors
To contribute to realizing a resource recycling society and a To achieve and maintain clean air across the globe, SUBARU is SUBARU is reviewing the components and adhesive agents used
decarbonized society, SUBARU is working to develop developing technologies for cleaner exhaust gas, targeting not in vehicle interiors in order to reduce the use of volatile organic
technologies to utilize recycled resins and biomass materials in only conventional air pollutants such as hydrocarbon compounds compounds (VOCs).
place of the resins currently used in automobiles. and nitrogen oxides but also particulate matter, which is feared to For the Legacy, Levorg, Impreza, Forester, and SUBARU BRZ,
have serious impacts on human health. At the product level, we we achieved the voluntary target set by the JAMA*6 by reducing
Subaru of America, Inc. are expanding our range of models that meet the latest the concentration of the 13 substances defined by the Japanese
Subaru of America, Inc. helped develop and launch regulations by country, while addressing emerging regulations at Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare to levels below the indoor
environmentally friendly accessories in the form of floor mats the development level. concentration guideline values. We will continue our efforts to
made from used recycled materials for the 2021 Crossstrek Japan: 2018 low emissions standards reduce the levels of VOCs to make the in-vehicle environment
Sport®. The surface and lining of these floor mats are made from U.S.: State of California’s SULEV standards even more comfortable.
100% recycled materials such as trash removed from the ocean. Europe: Euro 6 emission standards (final stage) *5 O rganic compounds that easily volatilize at room temperature, such as formaldehyde
China: China 6 emission standards and toluene, which are said to cause nose and throat irritation.
*6 Voluntary target set by the JAMA in its “Voluntary Approach in Reducing Cabin VOC
We will develop and propose reasonable products for
Concentration Levels,” which was announced with the intention of reducing the
customers based on the results of research conducted to identify in-vehicle concentrations of the 13 substances designated by the Ministry of Health,
Labour and Welfare to levels equivalent to or lower than the values set in the
the optimal specifications in each country, including research on
guidelines, for new models produced and sold in Japan in and after FYE March 2008.
the components of exhaust gas that will be regulated in the
JAMA’s “Voluntary Approach in Reducing Cabin VOC Concentration Levels”
future. To this end, we are designing materials on an atomic level (Japanese version only)
to improve the performance of the catalyst, which plays a major
role in producing cleaner exhaust gas, while also reducing the use
of precious metal.
Reducing Environmentally Hazardous Substances
SUBARU is also collaborating with suppliers in reducing the use of
Floor mats made from recycled materials environmentally hazardous substances in automobiles.
We achieved the environmentally hazardous substance reduction
targets for lead, mercury, hexavalent chromium and cadmium set
by the Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association, Inc. (JAMA)
for all new models released in and after 2008.
In order to ensure compliance with the REACH regulation, ELV
Directive, Chemical Substance Control Law and other regulations
enforced across the world, we are further reducing the use of lead
and replacing phthalic acid-based plasticizer and other hazardous
chemical substances with alternatives.

[PAGE 50]
049 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index Climate Change SUBARU recognizes that climate change is one of the most pressing global issues, and respects the goal of the Paris Agreement to hold the increase in the global average temperature to well below 2°C above pre-industrial levels. SUBARU will contribute to this goal by reducing CO2 emissions from its products, factories and offices to help decarbonize society. SUBARU has set long-term and medium-term goals as milestones for its target of carbon neutrality in 2050. SUBARU defines and identifies risks and opportunities associated with climate change to achieve sustainable business activities. We have identified a number of risks associated with climate change. Initiatives to address climate change may be inadequate or abnormal weather may cause delays in procurement, production and distribution. In addition, transition risks and physical risks may have impacts and outcomes that are currently extremely difficult to predict. Increased R&D expenses, lost sales opportunities due to reduced customer satisfaction and brand image, and delays in procurement, production and distribution due to abnormal weather are among the potential impacts of these risks. These risks could have a material impact on the operating results and financial position of the Subaru Group. On the other hand, effective initiatives to address climate change could lead to opportunities to create new markets and employment and also use capital and energy more efficiently. Main Risks Identified Business Management in General (1) If SUBARU fails to implement adequate initiatives to achieve low-carbon/zero-carbon outcomes, its brand value could be harmed, which could affect the company’s sales and recruiting ability. Capital costs could also rise, due to increased difficulty in obtaining financing from medium- and long-term investors. (2) There is an argument that NDCs need to be expanded to be able to achieve the Paris Agreement’s “well below 2°C” target, and thus countries may revise their NDCs to set more stringent targets. Such revisions could have a significant impact on SUBARU’s business activities. (3) As an impact of climate change, extreme torrential rain will frequently cause floods in various locations, which could pose risks of SUBARU’s operations being affected by disrupted supply of raw materials and submerged factories. Products (1) If SUBARU fails to meet fuel economy regulations imposed in Japan, the U.S., Europe, and China, the company could incur additional costs or losses related to negative incentives, such as fines or non-penal fines for legal violation, and credit purchase for unmet standards. Also, some of our products could fail to satisfy certain fuel economy standards, resulting in restrained sales opportunities. (2) At present, it is difficult to predict technological progress and price optimization for electrification, which will likely cause a substantial gap with the real state of market needs. In such a situation, SUBARU could incur unnecessary and excessive R&D costs while facing a decline in customer satisfaction, resulting in unexpected losses and reduced sales opportunities as well as hampered advancement of the company’s electrification efforts. (3) To promote electrification, it is crucial to ensure profitability for the entire product cycle ranging from procurement and use to disposal. Thus, it is essential to involve SUBARU’s upstream and downstream partners in exerting efforts toward this end. Failure to do this could render the company unable to meet the profitability goal for the entire product life cycle. (4) SUBARU views electrification as a steady medium- to long- term trend, and also anticipates the possibility of its swift and sweeping penetration of the market at some stage. SUBARU could be unprepared for such prospect in terms of technology and timely product lineups, and thus suffer from a resultant loss of product sales opportunities. (5) There is a possibility that SUBARU might suffer from shortages of natural resources used for tires and metal resources for electrification technologies. Our Approach Risks and Opportunities Identified Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 049
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Climate Change
Our Approach Risks and Opportunities Identified risks of SUBARU’s operations being affected by disrupted
supply of raw materials and submerged factories.
SUBARU recognizes that climate change is one of the most pressing SUBARU defines and identifies risks and opportunities associated
Products
global issues, and respects the goal of the Paris Agreement to with climate change to achieve sustainable business activities.
hold the increase in the global average temperature to well below We have identified a number of risks associated with climate (1) If SUBARU fails to meet fuel economy regulations imposed in
2°C above pre-industrial levels. SUBARU will contribute to this change. Initiatives to address climate change may be inadequate Japan, the U.S., Europe, and China, the company could incur
goal by reducing CO emissions from its products, factories and or abnormal weather may cause delays in procurement, additional costs or losses related to negative incentives, such as
2
offices to help decarbonize society. SUBARU has set long-term production and distribution. In addition, transition risks and fines or non-penal fines for legal violation, and credit purchase
and medium-term goals as milestones for its target of carbon physical risks may have impacts and outcomes that are currently for unmet standards. Also, some of our products could fail to
neutrality in 2050. extremely difficult to predict. Increased R&D expenses, lost sales satisfy certain fuel economy standards, resulting in restrained
opportunities due to reduced customer satisfaction and brand sales opportunities.
image, and delays in procurement, production and distribution (2) At present, it is difficult to predict technological progress and
due to abnormal weather are among the potential impacts of price optimization for electrification, which will likely cause a
these risks. These risks could have a material impact on the substantial gap with the real state of market needs. In such a
operating results and financial position of the Subaru Group. situation, SUBARU could incur unnecessary and excessive R&D
On the other hand, effective initiatives to address climate costs while facing a decline in customer satisfaction, resulting in
change could lead to opportunities to create new markets and unexpected losses and reduced sales opportunities as well as
employment and also use capital and energy more efficiently. hampered advancement of the company’s electrification efforts.
(3) To promote electrification, it is crucial to ensure profitability
Main Risks Identified for the entire product cycle ranging from procurement and use
to disposal. Thus, it is essential to involve SUBARU’s upstream
Business Management in General
and downstream partners in exerting efforts toward this end.
(1) I f SUBARU fails to implement adequate initiatives to achieve
Failure to do this could render the company unable to meet
low-carbon/zero-carbon outcomes, its brand value could be
the profitability goal for the entire product life cycle.
harmed, which could affect the company’s sales and recruiting
(4) SUBARU views electrification as a steady medium- to long-
ability. Capital costs could also rise, due to increased difficulty
term trend, and also anticipates the possibility of its swift and
in obtaining financing from medium- and long-term investors.
sweeping penetration of the market at some stage. SUBARU
(2) T here is an argument that NDCs need to be expanded to be
could be unprepared for such prospect in terms of technology
able to achieve the Paris Agreement’s “well below 2°C” target,
and timely product lineups, and thus suffer from a resultant loss
and thus countries may revise their NDCs to set more stringent
of product sales opportunities.
targets. Such revisions could have a significant impact on
(5) There is a possibility that SUBARU might suffer from shortages
SUBARU’s business activities.
of natural resources used for tires and metal resources for
(3) A s an impact of climate change, extreme torrential rain will
electrification technologies.
frequently cause floods in various locations, which could pose

[PAGE 51]
050 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index Production Phase (1) If SUBARU continues to use energy derived from fossil fuels, it could incur rising costs, due not only to geopolitical factors associated with petroleum and the like, but also to carbon taxes, emission quotas, and other government policies and regulations. (2) If use of renewable energy does not grow as expected, SUBARU could face slower progress in achieving its Scope 1 and 2 emissions reduction goals. Main Opportunities Identified (1) If SUBARU advances its efforts to make products more environmentally friendly as planned and global climate change mitigation/adaptation efforts progress adequately, the company will be able to maintain its key markets. This scenario also implies a possibility of the company creating new markets through receiving support for its safe and reliable products, a source of its strength, even in the face of intensifying extreme weather conditions that are to some extent unavoidable in certain parts of the world. (2) Through contributing to addressing climate change issues, SUBARU could increase its brand value, thereby enhancing its sales and recruiting ability. This could make it easier for the company to obtain financing from investors, thereby lowering capital costs. (3) Regarding energy use during the production phase, by transitioning to renewable energy while at the same time giving due consideration to cost-effectiveness, SUBARU could overcome the risk of being exposed to price fluctuations involved in energy derived from fossil fuels, thereby preventing future cost increases. * The risks and opportunities described above are based on past facts and currently available information, and may change significantly due to such factors as future economic trends and the business environment facing SUBARU. The opportunities described represent those for SUBARU’s products to contribute to climate change adaptation and do not anticipate climate change-related deterioration. SUBARU has established the Environment Committee for the purpose of promoting the sustainable growth of both society and the company, and thereby contributing to global environment conservation. The committee discusses targets and measures from broad as well as medium- to long-term perspectives that accommodate environmental standards required by future societies, and evaluates the progress of related implementations and achievements. The Environment Committee is chaired by the Executive Officer in charge of the Sustainability Division appointed by the Board of Directors. Details of discussions by the Environment Committee are reported to the Sustainability Committee. We also have a system for escalation and reporting to the Executive Management Board Meeting and Board of Directors to be used as necessary. Management of climate change-related activities is included in the responsibilities of the environmental management structure. Environmental risks and opportunities associated with climate change are assessed and monitored, and undergo management review before major issues are reported to the Board of Directors. Each of the four bodies within the structure – Production & Environment Subcommittee, Global Warming Prevention Division, Domestic Affiliated Companies’ Environment Subcommittee, and Sales and Service/Distribution Environment Subcommittee – meet twice a year for the purpose of monitoring. In order to contribute to a decarbonized society, SUBARU has set long-term goals (long-term vision) for 2050 and medium-term goals (milestones) for around 2030, regarding the product (Scope 3) and production phases (Scope 1 and 2). SUBARU is investigating compliance with relevant policies including the fuel efficiency regulations of the countries it serves. We formulate our own scenarios and plans for achieving our medium- to long-term goals based on policy trends and scenario- specific information published by the International Energy Agency and others. Management System Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term Vision and Milestones) Governance Structure Related to Climate Change Board of Directors Production & Environment Subcommittee Global Warming Prevention Working Group Domestic Affiliated Companies’ Environment Subcommittee Executive Management Board Meeting (Presided over/chaired by President and Representative Director) Sustainability Committee (Chaired by President and Representative Director) Environment Committee Sales and Service Environment Subcommittee Logistics Environment Subcommittee (Chaired by the Executive Officer in charge of the Sustainability Division appointed by the Board of Directors) Category Target Year Goal Products (Scope 3) 2050 Reduce average well-to-wheel CO2 emissions from new vehicles (in operation) by 90% or more compared to 2010 levels Early 2030s Apply electrification technologies to all SUBARU vehicles produced and sold worldwide Up to 2030 Make at least 40% of SUBARU global sales electric vehicles (EVs) or hybrid electric vehicles (HEVs) Plants and offices (Scope 1 and 2) FYE March 2051 Achieve carbon neutrality FYE March 2031 Reduce CO2 emissions by 30% compared with FYE March 2017 (total volume basis) Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 050
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Production Phase Management System Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term Vision and Milestones)
(1) If SUBARU continues to use energy derived from fossil fuels, it
could incur rising costs, due not only to geopolitical factors SUBARU has established the Environment Committee for the purpose In order to contribute to a decarbonized society, SUBARU has set
associated with petroleum and the like, but also to carbon taxes, of promoting the sustainable growth of both society and the company, long-term goals (long-term vision) for 2050 and medium-term
emission quotas, and other government policies and regulations. and thereby contributing to global environment conservation. The goals (milestones) for around 2030, regarding the product (Scope
(2) If use of renewable energy does not grow as expected, SUBARU committee discusses targets and measures from broad as well as 3) and production phases (Scope 1 and 2).
could face slower progress in achieving its Scope 1 and 2 medium- to long-term perspectives that accommodate environmental SUBARU is investigating compliance with relevant policies
standards required by future societies, and evaluates the progress of
emissions reduction goals. including the fuel efficiency regulations of the countries it serves.
related implementations and achievements.
We formulate our own scenarios and plans for achieving our
The Environment Committee is chaired by the Executive Officer in
Main Opportunities Identified medium- to long-term goals based on policy trends and scenario-
charge of the Sustainability Division appointed by the Board of
specific information published by the International Energy Agency
(1) If SUBARU advances its efforts to make products more Directors. Details of discussions by the Environment Committee
and others.
environmentally friendly as planned and global climate change are reported to the Sustainability Committee. We also have a system
mitigation/adaptation efforts progress adequately, the company for escalation and reporting to the Executive Management Board
will be able to maintain its key markets. This scenario also implies Meeting and Board of Directors to be used as necessary. Management
a possibility of the company creating new markets through of climate change-related activities is included in the responsibilities Category Target Year Goal
receiving support for its safe and reliable products, a source of of the environmental management structure. Environmental risks
Reduce average well-to-wheel CO2
and opportunities associated with climate change are assessed and
its strength, even in the face of intensifying extreme weather emissions from new vehicles (in
conditions that are to some extent unavoidable in certain parts monitored, and undergo management review before major issues are 2050 operation) by 90% or more compared
reported to the Board of Directors. Each of the four bodies within the to 2010 levels
of the world.
structure – Production & Environment Subcommittee, Global Warming Products Apply electrification technologies to
(2) Through contributing to addressing climate change issues, Prevention Division, Domestic Affiliated Companies’ Environment (Scope 3) Early 2030s all SUBARU vehicles produced and
SUBARU could increase its brand value, thereby enhancing its sold worldwide
Subcommittee, and Sales and Service/Distribution Environment
sales and recruiting ability. This could make it easier for the Make at least 40% of SUBARU global
Subcommittee – meet twice a year for the purpose of monitoring.
Up to 2030 sales electric vehicles (EVs) or hybrid
company to obtain financing from investors, thereby lowering
Governance Structure Related to Climate Change electric vehicles (HEVs)
capital costs.
FYE March
(3) Regarding energy use during the production phase, by Board of Directors 2051 Achieve carbon neutrality
transitioning to renewable energy while at the same time giving (Pres E id x e e d c o u ve t r i / v c e ha i M red a b n y a P g re e si m de e nt n a t n d B R o e a pr r e d se M nta e tiv e e t D in ir g ector) P (S la co nt p s e a 1 n d a n o d ff i 2 c ) es FYE March Reduce CO2 emissions by 30%
due consideration to cost-effectiveness, SUBARU could compared with FYE March 2017 (total
Sustainability Committee 2031
overcome the risk of being exposed to price fluctuations (Chaired by President and Representative Director) volume basis)
involved in energy derived from fossil fuels, thereby preventing Environment Committee
(Chaired by the Executive Officer in charge of the Sustainability Division appointed by the Board of Directors)
future cost increases.
Production & Environment Subcommittee Global Warming Prevention Working Group
* T he risks and opportunities described above are based on past facts and currently
Domestic Affiliated Companies’ Environment Subcommittee
available information, and may change significantly due to such factors as future
economic trends and the business environment facing SUBARU. The opportunities Sales and Service Environment Subcommittee
described represent those for SUBARU’s products to contribute to climate change
Logistics Environment Subcommittee
adaptation and do not anticipate climate change-related deterioration.
[TABLE] Category | Target Year | Goal
[TABLE] 2050
[TABLE] Early 2030s
[TABLE] Up to 2030
[TABLE] FYE March
2051
[TABLE] FYE March
2031
[TABLE] Board of Directors
[TABLE] E
(Presi | xecutive Management Board Meeting
ded over/chaired by President and Representative Director)
[TABLE] Sustainability Committee
(Chaired by President and Representative Director)
[TABLE] (Chaired by | Environment Committee
the Executive Officer in charge of the Sustainability Division appointed by the Board of Directors)
[TABLE] Global Warming Prevention Working Group
[TABLE] Production & Environment Subcommittee
[TABLE] Domestic Affiliated Companies’ Environment Subcommittee
[TABLE] Sales and Service Environment Subcommittee
[TABLE] Logistics Environment Subcommittee

[PAGE 52]
051 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index Aiming at a 20,000 t-CO2 Reduction from Plants and Offices As part of the new medium-term environmental plan, Environment Action Plan 2030, the Subaru Group took on the challenge of reducing CO2 emissions by 20,000 tons over the three years from FYE March 2019 through FYE March 2021. The actual reduction through FYE March 2021 was 36 thousand t-CO2, which significantly exceeded the target. We will pivot to Environment Action Plan 2030, and will implement additional initiatives to reduce CO2 emissions at plants and offices. Main Initiatives and CO2 Emission Reduction Equivalents in FYE March 2021 Main Initiatives FYE March 2021 Results Captive-consumption solar power system installed at Gunma Oizumi Plant *1 2,807t-CO2 Zero-carbon electricity from Aqua Premium and the Gunma Prefecture Hydropower Plan introduced at Gunma Main Plant 14,110t-CO2 Captive-consumption solar power system installed at Subaru Accessory Center and Kanto PDI Center *2 274t-CO2 Zero-carbon electricity from the Tochigi Furusato Denki program introduced at Utsunomiya South Plant and 2nd South Plant 4,906t-CO2 Green Power certificates utilized at Tokyo Office 3,772t-CO2 Solar power system installed at SIA Technical Training Center *3 119t-CO2 Green Power and Green Heat certificates *4 utilized at Head Office (Ebisu Subaru Building) and Subaru Training Center 1,384t-CO2 Introduced carbon-free electric power at Ichitan Co., Ltd. 2,888t-CO2 Switching to LED lighting (total from FYE March 2019 to FYE March 2021) *5 3,251t-CO2 Total 35,591t-CO2 *1 Came online in May 2020. *2 Came online in April 2020. *3 Came online in December 2019. *4 Provisional values to be verified under the Green Energy-based CO2 Reduction Certification System of the Agency for Natural Resources and Energy (part of the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry) and the Ministry of the Environment. *5 Total amount for the three-year plan period (FYE March 2019: 440 t-CO2; FYE March 2020: 1,428 t-CO2; FYE March 2021: 1,383 t-CO2). Initiatives to Reduce 20,000 Tons of CO2 Emissions by FYE March 2021 Captive-consumption solar power system Purchase of hydroelectricity Japan’s largest-scale captive- consumption solar power system (Gunma Oizumi Plant) Subaru Accessory Center, etc. Utsunomiya South Plant/ 2nd South Plant Head Office and Subaru Training Center Tokyo Office Gunma Main Plant Renewable energy system installation Renewable energy electricity purchase Renewable energy certificates utilization Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 051
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Aiming at a 20,000 t-CO Reduction from Plants Main Initiatives and CO Emission Reduction Equivalents in FYE March 2021
2 2
and Offices
Main Initiatives FYE March 2021 Results
As part of the new medium-term environmental plan, Environment
Captive-consumption solar power system installed at Gunma Oizumi Plant*1 2,807t-CO
Action Plan 2030, the Subaru Group took on the challenge of 2
Zero-carbon electricity from Aqua Premium and the Gunma Prefecture Hydropower Plan introduced at Gunma Main Plant 14,110t-CO
reducing CO2 emissions by 20,000 tons over the three years from 2
Captive-consumption solar power system installed at Subaru Accessory Center and Kanto PDI Center*2 274t-CO2
FYE March 2019 through FYE March 2021. The actual reduction
through FYE March 2021 was 36 thousand t-CO2, which Zero-carbon electricity from the Tochigi Furusato Denki program introduced at Utsunomiya South Plant and 2nd South Plant 4,906t-CO2
significantly exceeded the target. Green Power certificates utilized at Tokyo Office 3,772t-CO2
We will pivot to Environment Action Plan 2030, and will Solar power system installed at SIA Technical Training Center*3 119t-CO2
implement additional initiatives to reduce CO2 emissions at plants Green Power and Green Heat certificates*4 utilized at Head Office (Ebisu Subaru Building) and Subaru Training Center 1,384t-CO2
and offices.
Introduced carbon-free electric power at Ichitan Co., Ltd. 2,888t-CO2
Switching to LED lighting (total from FYE March 2019 to FYE March 2021)*5 3,251t-CO2
Total 35,591t-CO2
*1 Came online in May 2020. *2 Came online in April 2020. *3 Came online in December 2019. *4 Provisional values to be verified under the Green Energy-based CO2
Reduction Certification System of the Agency for Natural Resources and Energy (part of the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry) and the Ministry of the Environment.
*5 Total amount for the three-year plan period (FYE March 2019: 440 t-CO2; FYE March 2020: 1,428 t-CO2; FYE March 2021: 1,383 t-CO2).
Initiatives to Reduce 20,000 Tons of CO2 Emissions by FYE March 2021
Captive-consumption solar power system Purchase of
hydroelectricity
Renewable
Renewable
energy
energy system
electricity
installation
Japan’s largest-scale captive- purchase
consumption solar power system
(Gunma Oizumi Plant) Utsunomiya South Plant/
2nd South Plant
Renewable
energy certificates
utilization
Subaru Accessory Center, etc.
Tokyo Office Gunma Main Plant
Head Office and
Subaru Training Center
[TABLE] Main Initiatives | FYE March 2021 Results

[PAGE 53]
052 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index For FYE March 2021, SUBARU has reported a total of 28,617 thousand t-CO2 of supply chain greenhouse gas emissions (Scopes 1, 2, and 3). Out of the total amount, 98% is related to Scope 3, the majority of which stems from the use of sold products. Although our direct CO2 emissions (Scopes 1 and 2) constitute only a marginal portion of the total, we are making proactive efforts to diminish direct emissions, which we believe will encourage the entire SUBARU value chain to work as a team and in greater earnest. In FYE March 2021, energy consumption decreased by 1,174 TJ due to a decrease in production, and Scope 1 and 2 emissions decreased 58 thousand tons due to the use of renewable energy and the temporary suspension of factory operations due to COVID-19 and the semiconductor shortage. Going forward, we will introduce cutting-edge energy conservation functions and renewable energy sources in order to further reduce CO2 emissions and energy use. Achievements Scope 1: 232 thousand t (1%) Scope 2: 359 thousand t (1%) Scope 3: 28,026 thousand t (98%) Scope 1: Direct emissions of greenhouse gases from a company’s own facilities. Scope 2: Indirect emissions of greenhouse gases from the use of purchased or acquired electricity, heat, and/or steam supplied by another company. Scope 3: All indirect emissions other than Scope 1 and 2 emissions, including those arising from the procurement of raw materials, transport, product use, and the disposal process, as well as arising from employee commuting, business travel, etc. (t-CO2) 800,000 600,000 400,000 200,000 0 663,058 656,921 659,704 591,478 649,724 (FYE March) 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 SUBARU Domestic group companies Overseas group companies CO2 Emissions by Organization (TJ) 15,000 12,000 9,000 6,000 3,000 0 12,092 12,222 12,753 12,923 11,749 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 (FYE March) SUBARU Domestic group companies Overseas group companies Energy Consumption 800,000 600,000 400,000 200,000 0 408,952 254,106 255,777 401,145 249,300 410,404 232,070 359,408 258,908 390,816 Scope 1 Scope 2 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 (t-CO2) (FYE March) CO2 Emissions by Scope SUBARU calculates energy consumption and CO2 emissions based on the Act on the Rational Use of Energy and the Act on Promotion of Global Warming Countermeasures. However, we use coefficients for overseas group companies that are based on local laws and regulations. We revise results for previous years after reviewing the relevant data. CO2 Emissions (Scopes 1, 2, 3) / Energy Consumption Scope: SUBARU: SUBARU CORPORATION Domestic group companies: Yusoki Kogyo K.K., Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd., Ichitan Co., Ltd., Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd., Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd., SUBARU dealerships Overseas group companies: Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc., Subaru of America, Inc., Subaru of Canada, Inc., Subaru Research & Development, Inc. Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 052
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Achievements CO2 Emissions by Organization Energy Consumption
(t-CO2) (TJ)
800,000 15,000
For FYE March 2021, SUBARU has reported a total of 28,617
thousand t-CO2 of supply chain greenhouse gas emissions (Scopes 600,000 663,058 656,921 659,704 649,724 591,478 12,000 12,092 12,222 12,753 12,923 11,749
1, 2, and 3). Out of the total amount, 98% is related to Scope 3, the 9,000
400,000
majority of which stems from the use of sold products. 6,000
Although our direct CO2 emissions (Scopes 1 and 2) constitute 200,000
3,000
only a marginal portion of the total, we are making proactive efforts
0 0
to diminish direct emissions, which we believe will encourage the
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 (FYE March) 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 (FYE March)
entire SUBARU value chain to work as a team and in greater
SUBARU Domestic group companies Overseas group companies SUBARU Domestic group companies Overseas group companies
earnest. In FYE March 2021, energy consumption decreased by
1,174 TJ due to a decrease in production, and Scope 1 and 2
CO2 Emissions by Scope
emissions decreased 58 thousand tons due to the use of
(t-CO2)
renewable energy and the temporary suspension of factory
800,000
operations due to COVID-19 and the semiconductor shortage.
Going forward, we will introduce cutting-edge energy 600,000
conservation functions and renewable energy sources in order to
400,000 408,952 401,145 410,404 390,816 359,408
further reduce CO2 emissions and energy use.
200,000
Scope 1: Direct emissions of greenhouse gases from a company’s own facilities.
254,106 255,777 249,300 258,908 232,070
Scope 2: I ndirect emissions of greenhouse gases from the use of purchased or acquired 0
electricity, heat, and/or steam supplied by another company.
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 (FYE March)
Scope 3: A ll indirect emissions other than Scope 1 and 2 emissions, including those arising
from the procurement of raw materials, transport, product use, and the disposal Scope 1 Scope 2
process, as well as arising from employee commuting, business travel, etc.
SUBARU calculates energy consumption and CO2 emissions based on the Act on the Rational
Use of Energy and the Act on Promotion of Global Warming Countermeasures. However, we
use coefficients for overseas group companies that are based on local laws and regulations.
Scope 1:
232 thousand t Scope 2: We revise results for previous years after reviewing the relevant data.
(1%) 359 thousand t CO2 Emissions (Scopes 1, 2, 3) / Energy Consumption
(1%) Scope:
SUBARU: SUBARU CORPORATION
Domestic group companies: Yusoki Kogyo K.K., Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd., Ichitan Co., Ltd.,
Scope 3:
28,026 thousand t Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd., Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd., SUBARU
(98%) dealerships
Overseas group companies: S ubaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc., Subaru of America, Inc.,
Subaru of Canada, Inc., Subaru Research & Development, Inc.
[TABLE] 8,9
[TABLE] 4,1
[TABLE] 1,1
[TABLE] 5,7
[TABLE] 0,4
[TABLE] 9,3
[TABLE] 0,8
[TABLE] 8,9
[TABLE] 9,4
[TABLE] 2,0

[PAGE 54]
053 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index SUBARU is reducing its CO2 emissions by using renewable energy and upgrading to highly efficient machinery and equipment with the aim of achieving carbon neutrality in 2050. Renewable energy in FYE March 2021 will account for 3.4% of the energy consumption of the entire Subaru Group. All of the electricity used at Gunma Main Plant, Utsunomiya South Plant and 2nd South Plant and the Ebisu Subaru Building is carbon-neutral electric power. In addition, energy conservation initiatives at the Gunma Main Plant that centered on the introduction of an exhaust heat recovery system in the automotive painting process received the 2020 Energy Conservation Center Chairman’s Award from the Energy Conservation Center, Japan. We have also been proactively switching to LED lighting since FYE March 2016, and in FYE March 2021 we reduced CO2 emissions by approximately 1,400 tons annually by switching approximately 2,500 lighting fixtures to LED lighting. In addition, Subaru Kohsan Co., Ltd. sells electricity generated from solar power generation facilities in Gunma and Shiga prefectures. Initiatives Source: The calculation method for SUBARU Scope 3 emissions has been revised in reference to the Basic Guidelines on Accounting for Greenhouse Gas Emissions throughout the Supply Chain Ver. 2.3 (December 2017) by the Ministry of the Environment and Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry; the Emissions Unit Value Database Ver. 3.0 by the Ministry of the Environment Database of emissions unit values; and SUBARU’s life cycle assessment (LCA) calculation standards. CO2 Emissions (Scope 3) Category Greenhouse Gas Emissions (t-CO2) FYE March 2019 FYE March 2020 FYE March 2021 1. Purchased goods and services 1,703,682 1,992,046 1,583,247 2. Capital goods 372,211 413,287 282,713 3. Fuel- and energy-related activities not included in Scope 1 or Scope 2 78,815 105,323 91,725 4 Transport and delivery (upstream) 658,268 737,817 601,167 5 Waste generated in operations 31,984 32,095 26,446 6 Business travel 4,446 4,554 4,689 7 Employee commuting 13,506 13,835 14,245 8 Leased assets (upstream) N/AN/AN/A 9 Transportation and delivery (downstream) N/AN/AN/A 10 Processing of sold products N/AN/AN/A 11 Use of sold products 29,079,531 29,736,064 24,941,586 12 End-of-life treatment of sold products 556,139 575,107 478,558 13 Leased assets (downstream) 2,394 2,463 1,998 14 Franchises N/AN/AN/A 15 Investments N/AN/AN/A Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 053
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
CO2 Emissions (Scope 3) Initiatives
Greenhouse Gas Emissions (t-CO2)
Category
FYE March 2019 FYE March 2020 FYE March 2021 SUBARU is reducing its CO2 emissions by using renewable energy
and upgrading to highly efficient machinery and equipment with
1. Purchased goods and services 1,703,682 1,992,046 1,583,247
the aim of achieving carbon neutrality in 2050.
2. Capital goods 372,211 413,287 282,713 Renewable energy in FYE March 2021 will account for 3.4% of
3. F uel- and energy-related activities not included in the energy consumption of the entire Subaru Group. All of the
78,815 105,323 91,725
Scope 1 or Scope 2 electricity used at Gunma Main Plant, Utsunomiya South Plant and
4 Transport and delivery (upstream) 658,268 737,817 601,167 2nd South Plant and the Ebisu Subaru Building is carbon-neutral
electric power.
5 Waste generated in operations 31,984 32,095 26,446
In addition, energy conservation initiatives at the Gunma Main
6 Business travel 4,446 4,554 4,689 Plant that centered on the introduction of an exhaust heat
recovery system in the automotive painting process received the
7 Employee commuting 13,506 13,835 14,245
2020 Energy Conservation Center Chairman’s Award from the
Energy Conservation Center, Japan.
8 Leased assets (upstream) N/A N/A N/A
We have also been proactively switching to LED lighting since
9 Transportation and delivery (downstream) N/A N/A N/A FYE March 2016, and in FYE March 2021 we reduced CO2
emissions by approximately 1,400 tons annually by switching
10 Processing of sold products N/A N/A N/A
approximately 2,500 lighting fixtures to LED lighting.
11 Use of sold products 29,079,531 29,736,064 24,941,586 In addition, Subaru Kohsan Co., Ltd. sells electricity generated
from solar power generation facilities in Gunma and Shiga
12 End-of-life treatment of sold products 556,139 575,107 478,558
prefectures.
13 Leased assets (downstream) 2,394 2,463 1,998
14 Franchises N/A N/A N/A
15 Investments N/A N/A N/A
Source: The calculation method for SUBARU Scope 3 emissions has been revised in reference to the Basic Guidelines on Accounting for Greenhouse Gas Emissions throughout
the Supply Chain Ver. 2.3 (December 2017) by the Ministry of the Environment and Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry; the Emissions Unit Value Database Ver. 3.0
by the Ministry of the Environment Database of emissions unit values; and SUBARU’s life cycle assessment (LCA) calculation standards.
[TABLE] Category | Greenhouse Gas Emissions (t-CO2)
[TABLE] FYE March 2019 | FYE March 2020 | FYE March 2021
[TABLE] 1,703,682 | 1,992,046
[TABLE] 372,211 | 413,287
[TABLE] 78,815 | 105,323
[TABLE] 658,268 | 737,817
[TABLE] 31,984 | 32,095
[TABLE] 4,446 | 4,554
[TABLE] 13,506 | 13,835
[TABLE] N/A | N/A
[TABLE] N/A | N/A
[TABLE] N/A | N/A
[TABLE] 29,079,531 | 29,736,064
[TABLE] 556,139 | 575,107
[TABLE] 2,394 | 2,463
[TABLE] N/A | N/A
[TABLE] N/A | N/A

[PAGE 55]
054 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index Aerospace Company (Utsunomiya Plant and Handa Plant) Carbon-Neutral Electricity Purchased through the Tochigi Furusato Denki Program for Regional Production and Consumption In FYE March 2019, SUBARU’s Aerospace Company adopted the Tochigi Furusato Denki program *1 to provide electricity to its Utsunomiya South and 2nd South Plants. The program offers electricity from hydropower generation projects owned by Tochigi Prefecture, and represents Japan’s first-ever power supply program themed on the “local production for local consumption” concept. The above program enables the two plants to reduce emissions by an average of 4,700-plus t-CO2 per year. This program also includes a scheme to spend part of the funds from bill payment, including from SUBARU, on environmental conservation projects promoted in Tochigi Prefecture. *1 Electricity service program co-hosted by the Tochigi Public Enterprise Bureau and TEPCO Energy Partner, Inc. Supplies electricity generated by eight hydroelectric power stations run by the Tochigi prefectural government. Hydropower users can claim to be emitting no CO2 from using the electricity, on the grounds of its carbon-free generation process. Replacement of Cogeneration Facilities In March 2021, upon completion of the contract with the energy service company (ESCO*2) we replaced the cogeneration system it installed in 2005. In addition to reducing CO2 emissions, the new cogeneration system enhances community and employee safety with its blackout start function that can initiate power generation if the power grid goes down for an extended period. *2 A Ministry of the Environment program that covers all expenses related to energy- saving improvements that reduce utility costs, with ESCO providing all services from energy-saving diagnosis and design to construction, operation, maintenance, and financing. Gunma Plant The Gunma Plant’s West Building, completed in April 2016, has installed solar panels with a 20 kWh capacity, and employed two key advanced environmental functions: a new-generation lighting system that has incorporated individual address control and image-pickup human-presence sensor technologies; and a high-efficiency air-cooling heat-pump chiller. The plant has also adopted a number of non-mechanical features that can help achieve energy conservation and workplace comfort, such as low-e double-pane windows, trench heating/cooling systems, and balconies that create an attractive recreation space while also serving as a sunlight blocker. Purchase of Carbon-Neutral Electricity (Gunma Main Plant, Oizumi Plant) The Gunma Main Plant had been purchasing a portion of its electricity through the Aqua Premium rate plan specifically for sales of hydropower, but switched to the Gunma Hydropower Plan in November 2020. All of its electricity is now from hydropower, which reduced CO2 emissions by approximately 14 thousand tons in FYE March 2021. We also reduced CO2 emissions by approximately 1,200 tons by using non-fossil fuel certificates for the approximately 2,500 MWh of electricity the Oizumi Plant of Gunma Manufacturing Co., Ltd. purchased in FYE March 2021. Introduction of High-efficiency Air-conditioning Systems (Gunma Yajima Plant) The automobile painting process involves repeated heating and cooling steps, which consumes a huge amount of energy. To address this issue, the Gunma Yajima Plant adopted a heat pump- based highly efficient heat source system to replace the previous discrete heat source system, starting its operation in 2018. In FYE March 2021, the new technology reduced CO2 emissions by 2,338 tons compared with the previous system. Replacement of Cogeneration Facilities Because the first cogeneration facilities installed at the Gunma Plant had been in operation for 15 years, we replaced the old facilities with new equipment that started operation in 2019. For the replacement, we selected a model with specifications that make a greater contribution to energy savings in light of the most recent energy consumption profile. In FYE March 2021, the new facilities reduced CO2 emissions by 6,000 tons compared with operation period of the previous model. Solar Power Generation at the Gunma Oizumi Plant and the Gunma Yajima Plant Since May 2020, the Gunma Oizumi Plant has been operating one of the largest solar power generation facilities for internal use in Japan. It generates approximately 5,000 MWh/year, and the Gunma Yajima Plant reduced CO2 emissions by approximately 2,800 tons in FYE March 2021. In addition, the Gunma Yajima Plant will install solar power generation equipment in a multi-story parking garage and final inspection building, and begin using it in FYE March 2022. Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 054
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Gunma Plant discrete heat source system, starting its operation in 2018. In FYE Aerospace Company (Utsunomiya Plant and Handa
The Gunma Plant’s West Building, completed in April 2016, has March 2021, the new technology reduced CO2 emissions by 2,338 Plant)
installed solar panels with a 20 kWh capacity, and employed two tons compared with the previous system. C arbon-Neutral Electricity Purchased through the Tochigi
key advanced environmental functions: a new-generation lighting Furusato Denki Program for Regional Production and
system that has incorporated individual address control and Replacement of Cogeneration Facilities Consumption
image-pickup human-presence sensor technologies; and a Because the first cogeneration facilities installed at the Gunma In FYE March 2019, SUBARU’s Aerospace Company adopted the
high-efficiency air-cooling heat-pump chiller. The plant has also Plant had been in operation for 15 years, we replaced the old Tochigi Furusato Denki program*1 to provide electricity to its
adopted a number of non-mechanical features that can help facilities with new equipment that started operation in 2019. For Utsunomiya South and 2nd South Plants. The program offers
achieve energy conservation and workplace comfort, such as the replacement, we selected a model with specifications that electricity from hydropower generation projects owned by Tochigi
low-e double-pane windows, trench heating/cooling systems, and make a greater contribution to energy savings in light of the most Prefecture, and represents Japan’s first-ever power supply program
balconies that create an attractive recreation space while also recent energy consumption profile. themed on the “local production for local consumption” concept.
serving as a sunlight blocker. In FYE March 2021, the new facilities reduced CO2 emissions by The above program enables the two plants to reduce
6,000 tons compared with operation period of the previous model. emissions by an average of 4,700-plus t-CO2 per year. This
P urchase of Carbon-Neutral Electricity (Gunma Main Plant, program also includes a scheme to spend part of the funds from
Oizumi Plant) S olar Power Generation at the Gunma Oizumi Plant and the bill payment, including from SUBARU, on environmental
The Gunma Main Plant had been purchasing a portion of its Gunma Yajima Plant conservation projects promoted in Tochigi Prefecture.
electricity through the Aqua Premium rate plan specifically for Since May 2020, the Gunma Oizumi Plant has been operating one *1 E lectricity service program co-hosted by the Tochigi Public Enterprise Bureau and
sales of hydropower, but switched to the Gunma Hydropower of the largest solar power generation facilities for internal use in TEPCO Energy Partner, Inc. Supplies electricity generated by eight hydroelectric
power stations run by the Tochigi prefectural government. Hydropower users can
Plan in November 2020. All of its electricity is now from Japan. It generates approximately 5,000 MWh/year, and the claim to be emitting no CO2 from using the electricity, on the grounds of its
hydropower, which reduced CO2 emissions by approximately Gunma Yajima Plant reduced CO2 emissions by approximately carbon-free generation process.
14 thousand tons in FYE March 2021. 2,800 tons in FYE March 2021. In addition, the Gunma Yajima
We also reduced CO2 emissions by approximately 1,200 tons Plant will install solar power generation equipment in a multi-story Replacement of Cogeneration Facilities
by using non-fossil fuel certificates for the approximately 2,500 parking garage and final inspection building, and begin using it in In March 2021, upon completion of the contract with the energy
MWh of electricity the Oizumi Plant of Gunma Manufacturing Co., FYE March 2022. service company (ESCO*2) we replaced the cogeneration system it
Ltd. purchased in FYE March 2021. installed in 2005. In addition to reducing CO2 emissions, the new
cogeneration system enhances community and employee safety
I ntroduction of High-efficiency Air-conditioning Systems with its blackout start function that can initiate power generation if
(Gunma Yajima Plant) the power grid goes down for an extended period.
The automobile painting process involves repeated heating and *2 A Ministry of the Environment program that covers all expenses related to energy-
saving improvements that reduce utility costs, with ESCO providing all services from
cooling steps, which consumes a huge amount of energy. To
energy-saving diagnosis and design to construction, operation, maintenance, and
address this issue, the Gunma Yajima Plant adopted a heat pump- financing.
based highly efficient heat source system to replace the previous

[PAGE 56]
055 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index IoT Enables Stable Supply of Factory Air and Improved Energy Efficiency SUBARU is moving forward with digital transformation (DX) driven by information and communication technologies (ICT) and the Internet of things (IoT). We began the systemization of air factory analysis, data analysis and the introduction of countermeasures in November 2019. We have implemented three measures: investigating and repairing air leaks, restricting air supply and improving operating efficiency. We expect energy savings to reduce CO2 emissions by 500 tons per year. Tokyo Office The Tokyo Office is in Mitaka, Tokyo. It is subject to the Tokyo Cap-and-Trade Program for large facilities as per the Tokyo Metropolitan Environmental Security Ordinance. The Tokyo Office is therefore reducing CO2 emissions with two priority initiatives: promoting energy conservation by improving facilities and by proactively adopting energy-saving equipment. We are also promoting the use of renewable energy, and have installed solar power generation equipment with approximate capacity of 30 kW on the rooftops of office buildings. The system generated 38 MWh in FYE March 2021, which the Tokyo Office used for a portion of its electricity requirements. We are also reducing CO2 emissions by using the Green Power Certificate system. In FYE March 2021, we purchased 8,535 MWh of electricity under the Green Power Certificate system, which effectively reduced CO2 emissions equivalent to 3,772 tons. Offices Head Office (Ebisu Subaru Building) and Subaru Training Center Targeting offices with zero CO2 emissions, we use the Green Power Certificate and Green Heat Certificate systems for the electricity and heat we use. In FYE March 2021, we reduced CO2 emissions by 1,384 tons. Subaru Accessory Center In March 2020, the Subaru Accessory Center introduced a solar power generation facility with annual power generation capacity of 1,145 MWh/year. We plan to reduce CO2 emissions by approximately 274 tons annually. Subaru Research and Experiment Center The Subaru Research and Experiment Center installed solar power generation equipment in FYE March 2018, and generated 64 MWh in FYE March 2021. Domestic group companies Fuji Machinery Oizumi Plant The Oizumi Plant of Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd. installed solar power generation equipment in FYE March 2018, and generated 36 MWh. Ichitan Co., Ltd. Ichitan has been reducing annual CO2 emissions by 2,888 t-CO2 by purchasing carbon-free electricity. Subaru Kohsan Co., Ltd. Subaru Kohsan Co., Ltd. entered the business of marketing electricity from solar power generation facilities. The project, which involved the installation of solar power generation equipment with a rated output of 420 kW (equivalent to 100 detached houses) in Kiryu, Gunma Prefecture, resulted in the sales of 627 MWh of electricity in FYE March 2020. Subaru Kohsan also launched power generation in Shiga Prefecture in March 2021 with annual capacity of 1,553 MWh. Subaru Research and Experiment Center Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd. Oizumi Plant Air leak investigation Measure effect Optimal control hypothesis Change parameters PDCA for optimal control Feedback Improve Compressor Operating Efficiency Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 055
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
I oT Enables Stable Supply of Factory Air and Improved Tokyo Office S ubaru Research and Experiment
Energy Efficiency The Tokyo Office is in Mitaka, Tokyo. It is subject to the Tokyo Center
SUBARU is moving forward with Cap-and-Trade Program for large facilities as per the Tokyo The Subaru Research and
digital transformation (DX) driven by Metropolitan Environmental Security Ordinance. The Tokyo Experiment Center installed solar
information and communication Office is therefore reducing CO2 emissions with two priority power generation equipment in FYE
technologies (ICT) and the Internet initiatives: promoting energy conservation by improving facilities March 2018, and generated 64 MWh Subaru Research and Experiment Center
of things (IoT). We began the and by proactively adopting energy-saving equipment. We are in FYE March 2021.
systemization of air factory analysis, also promoting the use of renewable energy, and have installed
data analysis and the introduction of solar power generation equipment with approximate capacity of Domestic group companies
countermeasures in November 2019. 30 kW on the rooftops of office buildings. The system generated
Fuji Machinery Oizumi Plant
We have implemented three 38 MWh in FYE March 2021, which the Tokyo Office used for a
Air leak investigation The Oizumi Plant of Fuji Machinery
measures: investigating and portion of its electricity requirements.
Co., Ltd. installed solar power
repairing air leaks, restricting air supply and improving operating We are also reducing CO emissions by using the Green
2 generation equipment in FYE March
efficiency. We expect energy savings to reduce CO2 emissions Power Certificate system. In FYE March 2021, we purchased 8,535
2018, and generated 36 MWh.
by 500 tons per year. MWh of electricity under the Green Power Certificate system,
which effectively reduced CO emissions equivalent to 3,772 tons. Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd. Oizumi Plant
Improve Compressor Operating Efficiency 2 Ichitan Co., Ltd.
Ichitan has been reducing annual CO2 emissions by 2,888 t-CO2
Offices
by purchasing carbon-free electricity.
H ead Office (Ebisu Subaru Building) and Subaru Training Center
Optimal control
Feedback hypothesis Targeting offices with zero CO 2 emissions, we use the Green S ubaru Kohsan Co., Ltd.
Power Certificate and Green Heat Certificate systems for the
Subaru Kohsan Co., Ltd. entered the business of marketing
electricity and heat we use. In FYE March 2021, we reduced CO
PDCA for 2 electricity from solar power generation facilities. The project,
optimal control emissions by 1,384 tons.
which involved the installation of solar power generation
equipment with a rated output of 420 kW (equivalent to 100
Change Subaru Accessory Center
Measure parameters detached houses) in Kiryu, Gunma Prefecture, resulted in the
effect
In March 2020, the Subaru Accessory Center introduced a solar sales of 627 MWh of electricity in FYE March 2020. Subaru
power generation facility with annual power generation capacity Kohsan also launched power generation in Shiga Prefecture in
of 1,145 MWh/year. We plan to reduce CO2 emissions by March 2021 with annual capacity of 1,553 MWh.
approximately 274 tons annually.

[PAGE 57]
056 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index Overseas group companies Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. (SIA) The SIA Technical Training Center has solar power generation equipment on its roof and LEDs with motion sensors for all indoor lighting. The center generated 160 MWh of solar in FYE March 2021, and reduced electricity use by replacing compressors and other air-conditioning equipment. Subaru of America, Inc. Subaru of America, Inc.’s new headquarters and training center have acquired silver LEED certification, *3 which is higher than standard certification. *3 Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) certification is a green building certification system developed and operated by the U.S. Green Building Council (USGBC). It provides objective environmental performance data on buildings through evaluation of energy conservation and environmental impact reduction abilities for a range of project stages from overall planning and design to construction, management, and maintenance. Acquisition of the certification is becoming popular in the U.S. and others. Subaru Canada, Inc. The building that houses the relocated office of Scott Subaru, a retailer of Subaru Canada, Inc., from 2019 boasts a distinctively high energy efficiency design that enables comfort without air conditioning systems. In recognition of this, the building is the world’s first retail facility to obtain a passive house certification. Distribution SUBARU is working with its logistics and distribution arms to reduce CO2 emissions from the entire group through increased transport efficiency for finished vehicles and export parts. We will enhance supply management, which will contribute to carbon neutrality in 2050. Suppliers Gunma Plant Accessory Center Subaru Logistics SUBARU dealers Production parts Under Management To be Managed Finished vehicles SIA Suppliers (outside U.S.) Suppliers (U.S.) Service parts Knockdown parts Knockdown parts Production parts Production parts Finished vehicles Service parts Imported/ exported parts Dealers Japan Port Port Overseas Transport of Finished Vehicles To improve the transport efficiency for finished vehicles, SUBARU is rolling out various measures, including establishing optimal standard routes, ensuring flexibility to accommodate shipping of a wide range of vehicle types and sizes (particularly large cars), improving loading efficiency, installing digital tachographs*4 to help energy conservation, and promoting modal shift.*5 As a result of expanded efforts for consolidated and standardized transportation routes, per unit CO2 emissions from transportation of SUBARU vehicles in FYE March 2021 declined 6.4% from the FYE March 2007 level, against the target of a 1% reduction per year from the base year. We will continue with our efforts to pursue further reductions. *4 Fitted to a vehicle to automatically record its journey information, such as driving time and speed, and store the information in the installed recording medium, such as a memory card. The device is employed broadly by industries involving the commercial operation of vehicles as a tool for driving management. As the system can present clear data of recorded events, including sudden acceleration and deceleration, fuel-wasting engine idling, and dangerous driving, it is expected to help drivers increase their awareness of safe driving and fuel economy. *5 For cargo transportation, switching transportation modes from trucks to those imposing less environmental burden, such as railway and seaborne systems. Export Parts Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd., which packages and ships parts for overseas production of SUBARU vehicles, makes ongoing efforts to improve the container fill rate. Key activities relate to utilizing unused upper space in high cube containers, improving packing modes, and employing lighter-weight packaging materials. Despite these ongoing initiatives, the container fill rate decreased to 85.4% in FYE March 2021 due to production fluctuations at our U.S. factory. We are also increasing transport route efficiency. We began using the container round use system*6 in FYE March 2018. This enabled us to reduce emissions by 400 t-CO2 year on year in FYE March 2021. The use of inland container depots*7 has reduced 67 Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 056
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Overseas group companies Distribution Transport of Finished Vehicles
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. (SIA) SUBARU is working with its logistics and distribution arms to To improve the transport efficiency for finished vehicles, SUBARU
The SIA Technical Training Center has solar power generation reduce CO2 emissions from the entire group through increased is rolling out various measures, including establishing optimal
equipment on its roof and LEDs with motion sensors for all transport efficiency for finished vehicles and export parts. We standard routes, ensuring flexibility to accommodate shipping of
indoor lighting. The center generated 160 MWh of solar in will enhance supply management, which will contribute to a wide range of vehicle types and sizes (particularly large cars),
FYE March 2021, and reduced electricity use by replacing carbon neutrality in 2050. improving loading efficiency, installing digital tachographs*4 to
compressors and other air-conditioning equipment. help energy conservation, and promoting modal shift.*5
As a result of expanded efforts for consolidated and
Subaru of America, Inc. Japan Under Management standardized transportation routes, per unit CO2 emissions from
To be Managed
transportation of SUBARU vehicles in FYE March 2021 declined
Subaru of America, Inc.’s new headquarters and training center
6.4% from the FYE March 2007 level, against the target of a 1%
have acquired silver LEED certification,*3 which is higher than
Production parts Finished vehicles reduction per year from the base year. We will continue with our
standard certification.
Gunma Plant SUBARU
efforts to pursue further reductions.
Suppliers dealers
*3 L eadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) certification is a green
building certification system developed and operated by the U.S. Green Building *4 Fitted to a vehicle to automatically record its journey information, such as
Council (USGBC). It provides objective environmental performance data on driving time and speed, and store the information in the installed recording
buildings through evaluation of energy conservation and environmental impact Service parts Service parts medium, such as a memory card. The device is employed broadly by industries
reduction abilities for a range of project stages from overall planning and design Accessory involving the commercial operation of vehicles as a tool for driving management.
to construction, management, and maintenance. Acquisition of the certification is Center As the system can present clear data of recorded events, including sudden
becoming popular in the U.S. and others. Port Port acceleration and deceleration, fuel-wasting engine idling, and dangerous driving,
Imported/ it is expected to help drivers increase their awareness of safe driving and fuel
Knockdown parts exported parts economy.
Subaru Canada, Inc.
Subaru *5 For cargo transportation, switching transportation modes from trucks to those
The building that houses the relocated office of Scott Subaru, a Logistics imposing less environmental burden, such as railway and seaborne systems.
Overseas
retailer of Subaru Canada, Inc., from 2019 boasts a distinctively
high energy efficiency design that enables comfort without air Export Parts
conditioning systems. In recognition of this, the building is the Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd., which packages and ships parts for
world’s first retail facility to obtain a passive house certification. Production parts overseas production of SUBARU vehicles, makes ongoing efforts to
Suppliers Knockdown parts improve the container fill rate. Key activities relate to utilizing unused
(outside U.S.)
upper space in high cube containers, improving packing modes, and
employing lighter-weight packaging materials. Despite these
ongoing initiatives, the container fill rate decreased to 85.4% in FYE
March 2021 due to production fluctuations at our U.S. factory.
Production parts Finished vehicles
Suppliers SIA Dealers We are also increasing transport route efficiency. We began
(U.S.)
using the container round use system*6 in FYE March 2018. This
enabled us to reduce emissions by 400 t-CO2 year on year in FYE
March 2021. The use of inland container depots*7 has reduced 67

[PAGE 58]
057 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index Distribution Center Subaru of America, Inc.’s regional distribution center has participated in the Oregon Clean Fuel Program since 2020 and has begun switching to electric trucks. In addition, Subaru of America reduced CO2 emissions by installing solar power generation equipment on the new building of the relocated regional distribution center. Sales Dealers in Japan have switched to LED lighting and high-efficiency air conditioning when replacing aging equipment. In addition, Tokyo Subaru Co., Ltd. and Kanagawa Subaru Co., Ltd. have reduced total CO2 emissions by approximately 2,600 tons in FYE March 2021 by switching to purchases of carbon-neutral power. We will continue to pivot to decoupling energy consumption and CO2 emissions with initiatives to create environmentally responsible dealers that care about people. External Partnerships SUBARU is tackling the climate change challenge through partnerships with suppliers, customers, and industry groups. Alliance with Toyota Motor Corporation SUBARU and Toyota Motor announced an agreement to jointly develop EV platforms and vehicles applying SUBARU’s AWD technologies and Toyota Motor’s electrification technologies. This agreement will enable the two automakers to multiply their technical strengths with the goal of creating attractive EV products. Suppliers We have set out a code of conduct that requires supplier selection and management mechanisms relating to climate change issues, and share the code with our suppliers, asking them to take appropriate actions when providing orientation sessions. This measure has encouraged suppliers to voluntarily work to obtain ISO14001 certification, resulting in a decline in environmental accidents and mismanagement events. We have also created and run a system to assist voluntary Tier 2 customers *8 in seeking Eco Action 21 certification. *8 Secondary subcontractor that supplies parts to motor vehicle manufacturers. Industry Groups SUBARU is a member of the climate change committee of the Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association, Inc. (JAMA). Also, the President and Executive Vice Presidents are JAMA directors responsible for the body’s executive decision making, and decisions made by the JAMA are reflected in SUBARU’s mid- term management vision. 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 Container fill rate 89% 88% 79% 94% 85% t-CO2, which is equivalent to 472 containers. We will continue to implement initiatives to reduce CO2 emissions. *6. System for shared use of sea freight containers between importers and exporter. Allows empty containers that have been used for import to be directly reused for export, without first being returned to the originating port, thereby decreasing unnecessary shipment of empty containers from ports. *7 Inland function for consolidation of sea freight container cargo. Introduced as part of redevelopment plans for the overland portion of sea freight container transportation systems to save shippers’ transport costs and increase transport efficiency. Customers Carter Subaru Ballard, a U.S. dealer, runs regional forest conservation campaigns involving its customers. Specifically, for each test drive in a SUBARU car, the dealer donates one tree to be planted in areas along national highways, and an additional three trees for each purchase. This forestation initiative engages customers and local residents and helps them become more aware of environmental issues, including climate change. Employees in charge of Tokyo Subaru and Kanagawa Subaru (FYE March) Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 057
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
t-CO2, which is equivalent to 472 containers. We will continue to External Partnerships Customers
implement initiatives to reduce CO 2 emissions. SUBARU is tackling the climate change challenge through Carter Subaru Ballard, a U.S. dealer, runs regional forest
*6. S ystem for shared use of sea freight containers between importers and exporter. Allows partnerships with suppliers, customers, and industry groups. conservation campaigns involving its customers. Specifically, for
empty containers that have been used for import to be directly reused for export, without
first being returned to the originating port, thereby decreasing unnecessary shipment of each test drive in a SUBARU car, the dealer donates one tree to
empty containers from ports.
Alliance with Toyota Motor Corporation be planted in areas along national highways, and an additional
*7 I nland function for consolidation of sea freight container cargo. Introduced as part of
redevelopment plans for the overland portion of sea freight container transportation systems SUBARU and Toyota Motor announced an agreement to jointly three trees for each purchase. This forestation initiative engages
to save shippers’ transport costs and increase transport efficiency.
(FYE March) develop EV platforms and vehicles applying SUBARU’s AWD customers and local residents and helps them become more
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 technologies and Toyota Motor’s electrification technologies. This aware of environmental issues, including climate change.
Container fill rate 89% 88% 79% 94% 85% agreement will enable the two automakers to multiply their
technical strengths with the goal of creating attractive EV products.
Distribution Center
Suppliers
Subaru of America, Inc.’s regional distribution center has
We have set out a code of conduct that requires supplier
participated in the Oregon Clean Fuel Program since 2020
selection and management mechanisms relating to climate
and has begun switching to electric trucks. In addition, Subaru
change issues, and share the code with our suppliers, asking them
of America reduced CO2 emissions by installing solar power
to take appropriate actions when providing orientation sessions.
generation equipment on the new building of the relocated
This measure has encouraged suppliers to voluntarily work to
regional distribution center.
obtain ISO14001 certification, resulting in a decline in
environmental accidents and mismanagement events.
Sales
We have also created and run a system to assist voluntary Tier
Dealers in Japan have switched to LED lighting and high-efficiency 2 customers*8 in seeking Eco Action 21 certification.
air conditioning when replacing aging equipment. In addition,
*8 Secondary subcontractor that supplies parts to motor vehicle manufacturers.
Tokyo Subaru Co., Ltd. and Kanagawa Subaru Co., Ltd. have
reduced total CO2 emissions by approximately 2,600 tons in FYE
Industry Groups
March 2021 by switching to purchases of carbon-neutral power.
SUBARU is a member of the climate change committee of the
We will continue to pivot to decoupling energy consumption
Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association, Inc. (JAMA). Also,
and CO2 emissions with initiatives to create environmentally
the President and Executive Vice Presidents are JAMA directors
responsible dealers that care about people.
responsible for the body’s executive decision making, and
decisions made by the JAMA are reflected in SUBARU’s mid-
term management vision.
Employees in charge of Tokyo Subaru and Kanagawa Subaru
[TABLE] 2017 | 2018 | 2019 | 2020 | 2021
[TABLE] 89% | 88% | 79% | 94%

[PAGE 59]
058 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index The Subaru Group considers it very important for manufacturing companies to help realize a society where materials are recycled continuously and the sustainability of business is assured through recycling to maximize resource efficiency. We will help create a society that recycles with the goals of efficient resource recycling throughout the product life cycle, maintaining zero landfill at production bases in Japan and abroad, and taking the 3Rs – reduce, reuse and recycle – to the next level. Raw Materials SUBARU reuses remnant materials and scrap generated during the production of automobiles as well as end-of-life products that have been collected and other reusables as resources for materials, such as iron, aluminum, and plastics, which account for a large proportion of materials used in making an automobile. Through these efforts, we are promoting closed- loop recycling*1 to reduce natural resource consumption and waste generation. *1 A method by which waste and scrap generated during production along with end-of-life products are recycled as materials for parts of the same quality and then reused to make products of the same kind. Our Approach Achievements and Initiatives Resource Recycling Raw Materials Used in Automobiles in FYE March 2021 Recycling Method Iron 664,330 tons Delivered to dealers in the form of iron scrap for reuse Aluminum 30,468 tons Re-melted at plants and reused almost entirely Plastics 23,314 tons Crushed again at plants and reused partially Example: Recycling of aluminum chips Aluminum ingots Reused as materials for products Melting Chips Engine cylinder block Die casting Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 058
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Resource Recycling
Our Approach Achievements and Initiatives Raw Materials Used in Automobiles in
Recycling Method
FYE March 2021
Delivered to dealers in the form of
The Subaru Group considers it very important for manufacturing Raw Materials Iron 664,330 tons iron scrap for reuse
companies to help realize a society where materials are recycled SUBARU reuses remnant materials and scrap generated during
Re-melted at plants and reused
continuously and the sustainability of business is assured the production of automobiles as well as end-of-life products Aluminum 30,468 tons almost entirely
through recycling to maximize resource efficiency. that have been collected and other reusables as resources
Crushed again at plants and
We will help create a society that recycles with the goals of for materials, such as iron, aluminum, and plastics, which Plastics 23,314 tons reused partially
efficient resource recycling throughout the product life cycle, account for a large proportion of materials used in making an
maintaining zero landfill at production bases in Japan and automobile. Through these efforts, we are promoting closed-
abroad, and taking the 3Rs – reduce, reuse and recycle – to the loop recycling*1 to reduce natural resource consumption and
next level. waste generation.
*1 A method by which waste and scrap generated during production along with
end-of-life products are recycled as materials for parts of the same quality and
then reused to make products of the same kind.
Example: Recycling of aluminum chips
Aluminum ingots Melting Die casting Engine cylinder block Chips
Reused as materials for products
[TABLE] Raw Materials Used in Automobiles in
FYE March 2021 | Recycling Method
[TABLE] 664,330 tons
[TABLE] 30,468 tons
[TABLE] 23,314 tons
[TABLE] Reused as materials for products

[PAGE 60]
059 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index Production Zero Emissions of Waste from Production Waste emissions in FYE March 2021 decreased by 32,804 tons due to factors including a decrease in automobile production. As waste is also an important resource, we have maintained zero emissions*2 of waste since FYE March 2015 through maximum recovery and recycling and proper treatment of waste generated. *2 A system in which waste and by-products generated in one industry are utilized as resources by other industries, resulting in no waste discharge. This concept was proposed by the United Nations University in 1994. Logistics Reuse of Packaging Materials Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd., which handles packaging and transport for complete knockdown (CKD) parts of SUBARU automobiles, has been actively working on reducing its environmental impact, focusing on the reuse of packaging materials. The amount of packaging materials reused in FYE March 2021 decreased by 35.1% from the previous year to 661 tons due to production fluctuations at our U.S. factory. Intensity per vehicle was essentially unchanged from FYE March 2020 at 2.4 kg/vehicle. Distribution Centers Subaru of America Inc.’s regional distribution centers use returnable containers to reduce the amount of cardboard and wood used when transporting parts. Distribution centers in New Jersey and neighboring areas achieved 100% use of returnable packaging materials in 2020. Primary waste products and their recycled products Primary Waste Product Primary Recycled Product Wastewater treatment plant sludge Raw material for cement Paint sludge Iron-making reducer Waste plastics Refuse paper and plastic fuel (RPF) (solid fuels, etc.) Paper waste Recycled paper, RPF, etc. (t) 200,000 150,000 100,000 50,000 0 170,589 190,924 185,736 186,382 153,578 SUBARU Domestic group companies Overseas group companies (FYE March) 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 Waste Generation Scope: SUBARU: Gunma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant, Handa Plant, Handa West Plant Group companies in Japan: Yusoki Kogyo K.K., Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd., Ichitan Co., Ltd., Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd., Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd. Overseas group companies: Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc., Subaru of America, Inc., Subaru Canada, Inc., Subaru Research & Development, Inc. * Amount of waste generated includes metal scrap that is sold. * We do not export or import waste deemed hazardous under the terms of Annex I, II, III, and IV of the Basel Convention 2. Amount of Waste Generated and Processed Based on aggregation of data from Gunma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant *Waste is not disposed of in a landfill after external intermediate processing. Amount of waste recycled internally 3,015t Amount of metal scrap recycled 78,279t Amount of waste recycled after internal intermediate processing and external intermediate processing 17,037t 98,331t Amount of waste generated Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 Amount reused (t) 652 699 776 1,020 661 Intensity (kg/vehicle) 1.9 2.0 2.1 2.8 2.4 (FYE March)

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 059
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Production Waste Generation Logistics
Zero Emissions of Waste from Production (t) Reuse of Packaging Materials
200,000
Waste emissions in FYE March 2021 decreased by 32,804 tons 190,924 185,736 186,382 Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd., which handles packaging and transport
170,589
due to factors including a decrease in automobile production. 150,000 153,578 for complete knockdown (CKD) parts of SUBARU automobiles,
As waste is also an important resource, we have maintained has been actively working on reducing its environmental impact,
100,000
zero emissions*2 of waste since FYE March 2015 through focusing on the reuse of packaging materials.
maximum recovery and recycling and proper treatment of 50,000 The amount of packaging materials reused in FYE March 2021
waste generated. decreased by 35.1% from the previous year to 661 tons due to
0
*2 A system in which waste and by-products generated in one industry are utilized production fluctuations at our U.S. factory. Intensity per vehicle
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 (FYE March)
as resources by other industries, resulting in no waste discharge. This concept was essentially unchanged from FYE March 2020 at 2.4 kg/vehicle.
was proposed by the United Nations University in 1994. SUBARU Domestic group companies Overseas group companies
(FYE March)
Scope:
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
Primary waste products and their recycled products SUBARU: G unma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant, Handa Plant, Handa West Plant
Group companies in Japan: Yusoki Kogyo K.K., Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd., Amount reused
652 699 776 1,020 661
Ichitan Co., Ltd., Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd., Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd. (t)
Primary Waste Product Primary Recycled Product
Overseas group companies: S ubaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc., Subaru of America, Inc.,
Intensity
Wastewater treatment Subaru Canada, Inc., Subaru Research & Development, Inc. (kg/vehicle) 1.9 2.0 2.1 2.8 2.4
plant sludge Raw material for cement * Amount of waste generated includes metal scrap that is sold.
* W e do not export or import waste deemed hazardous under the terms of Annex I, II,
Paint sludge Iron-making reducer III, and IV of the Basel Convention 2.
Distribution Centers
Refuse paper and plastic fuel (RPF)
Waste plastics
(solid fuels, etc.) Subaru of America Inc.’s regional distribution centers use
Amount of Waste Generated and Processed
returnable containers to reduce the amount of cardboard
Paper waste Recycled paper, RPF, etc.
Amount of waste recycled Amount of waste and wood used when transporting parts. Distribution centers
after internal intermediate recycled internally
processing and external in New Jersey and neighboring areas achieved 100% use of
intermediate processing 3,015t returnable packaging materials in 2020.
17,037t Amount of
waste generated
98,331t
Amount of metal
scrap recycled
78,279t
Based on aggregation of data from Gunma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant
*Waste is not disposed of in a landfill after external intermediate processing.
[TABLE] 2017 | 2018 | 2019 | 2020 | 2021
[TABLE] 652 | 699 | 776 | 1,020
[TABLE] 1.9 | 2.0 | 2.1 | 2.8
[TABLE] Primary Waste Product | Primary Recycled Product

[PAGE 61]
060 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index Sales Zero Emissions of Waste from SUBARU Dealers in Japan Dealers in Japan are committed to the proper management of waste generated from their business activities and to recycling to achieve zero emissions in Japan. As a result of these efforts, 144,971 used lead-acid batteries (equivalent to 1,915 tons of lead), 5,340 kL of used oil, and 195,111 used tires were collected and recycled during FYE March 2021. Zero emission initiatives led by dealers, which work most closely with customers, are activities that will contribute more directly to environmental conservation in local communities. The initiatives are expected to help promote proper processing, recycling, and the effective use of resources. Recycling of Waste Oil Waste oil generated at SUBARU dealers in Japan during oil changes is recycled as recycled fuel oil through SUBARU’s zero waste emissions scheme. Flower farmers in Yamagata Prefecture grow beautiful poinsettia and cyclamen every year using this recycled fuel oil to heat their greenhouses. Proper Processing of End-of-life Vehicles Under the Act on Recycling, etc. of End-of-Life Vehicles of Japan, car manufacturers are required to fully recover and properly recycle automotive shredder residue (ASR), airbags, and chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs) from their end-of-life automobiles. SUBARU has been promoting the smooth, proper, and efficient recycling of ASR by establishing, together with 12 other automakers and other companies, the Automobile shredder residue Recycling promotion Team (ART).*3 We also ensure proper processing of airbags and CFCs through operations of Japan Auto Recycling Partnership Ltd., established jointly with Japanese automakers and importers. SUBARU also collaborates with its dealers nationwide by jointly operating an automotive recycling system aimed at promoting the proper processing and raising the recycling rate of ASR, airbags, and CFCs. In FYE March 2020, the ASR recycling rate was 96.4%, achieving the legal target of 70% for the fiscal year ended March 2016 and thereafter. The airbag recycling rate was 95.0%, exceeding the legal target of 85%, and all CFCs recovered were processed properly. *3 A team to promote the recycling of automotive shredder residue (ASR), organized by 13 automobile manufacturers in December 2003. The team plans the smooth, proper, and efficient recycling of ASR, a waste product that is classified as one of the Parts Specified for Recycling as defined by the Act on Recycling, etc. of End-of-Life Vehicles and required to be recycled under the law. OIL battery OIL battery OIL battery Bumper Battery Oil Tire Recycled plastics Recycled lead Recycled oil Fuel for heating and flower farming Fuel pellets Paving material battery OIL Processing and recycling Act on Recycling, etc. of End-of-Life Vehicles (Japanese version only) Automobile shredder residue Recycling promotion Team (ART) (Japanese version only) Payment of recycling fee The user pays a recycling fee when purchasing a car. A car that is no longer used is delivered to a collection business.* CFCs are recovered and made harmless through proper processing. Airbags are removed, safely processed, and recycled. Other parts are also processed (reused or recycled) properly. The dismantled car is crushed. The shredder dust is recycled. Delivered to collection business CFCs Airbags Shredder dust OIL battery FLON * A new or used car dealer, maintenance business, etc. registered with the local authorities. Automobile Recycling Process Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[PAGE 62]
061 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index Overseas Initiatives Collaboration with TerraCycle® (Subaru of America, Inc.) Subaru of America, Inc. (SOA) partnered with U.S. recycling firm TerraCycle® to launch the TerraCycle® Zero Waste BoxTM program in 2018 to promote the recycling of various waste products. The program is part of the “Subaru Loves the Earth” initiative aimed at improving waste recycling rates. Under the program, TerraCycle® Zero Waste BoxesTM have been placed on the premises of around 540 SUBARU dealers in the U.S. to collect recyclables. Customers, employees, and community partner organizations are encouraged to deposit snack packages, used paper cups and plastic containers. We have kept more than 5 million waste items out of landfills since we started this initiative. Zero Landfill Waste Joint Initiative in U.S. National Parks (Subaru of America, Inc.) Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. (SIA), SUBARU’s production base in the U.S., has achieved and maintains zero landfill waste status. SOA has been leveraging SIA’s expertise to advance a joint initiative with suppliers, the National Parks Conservation Association, the National Park Service, and others since 2015 to reduce landfill waste generated from three national parks: Yosemite National Park (California), Denali National Park and Preserve (Alaska), and Grand Teton National Park (Wyoming). Subaru of America, Inc. received the Silver Halo Award and the Corporate Stewardship Award in 2020 in recognition of zero landfill initiatives in national parks. The initiative encompasses a range of activities that include placing more than 500 trash bins in the parks, promoting the composting of organic waste, and increasing the number of water supply stations. These initiatives are leading to the steady reduction of waste left inside the parks. Unfortunately, however, projects in national parks throughout the U.S. were canceled due to the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020. On a positive note, we became the official vehicle sponsor of 2020 garbage clean-up events in green spaces and parks. These events are co-sponsored by the Yosemite Climbing Association (YCA) and The North Face ®. Employees Education about Waste Separation (Subaru of China Ltd.) In May 2020, the labor union of Subaru of China Ltd. sponsored education about waste separation with a quiz delivered via social media, and distributed receptacles for sorting waste. Cafeteria Waste Reduction (Subaru of America, Inc.) The cafeteria of Subaru of America, Inc. introduced a comprehensive oil management fryer system in 2020, and started reducing the number of waste oil containers and converting used cooking oil to biodiesel fuel. Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 061
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Overseas Initiatives supply stations. These initiatives are leading to the steady
Collaboration with TerraCycle® reduction of waste left inside the parks. Unfortunately, however,
projects in national parks throughout the U.S. were canceled due
(Subaru of America, Inc.)
to the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020. On a positive note, we
Subaru of America, Inc. (SOA) partnered with U.S. recycling firm
became the official vehicle sponsor of 2020 garbage clean-up
TerraCycle® to launch the TerraCycle® Zero Waste Box™ program
events in green spaces and parks. These events are co-sponsored
in 2018 to promote the recycling of various waste products. The
by the Yosemite Climbing Association (YCA) and The North Face®.
program is part of the “Subaru Loves the Earth” initiative aimed
at improving waste recycling rates.
Employees Education about Waste Separation
Under the program, TerraCycle® Zero Waste Boxes™ have
(Subaru of China Ltd.)
been placed on the premises of around 540 SUBARU dealers in
the U.S. to collect recyclables. Customers, employees, and In May 2020, the labor union of Subaru of China Ltd. sponsored
community partner organizations are encouraged to deposit education about waste separation with a quiz delivered via social
snack packages, used paper cups and plastic containers. media, and distributed receptacles for sorting waste.
We have kept more than 5 million waste items out of landfills
since we started this initiative. Cafeteria Waste Reduction
(Subaru of America, Inc.)
Zero Landfill Waste Joint Initiative in U.S. National Parks The cafeteria of Subaru of America, Inc. introduced a
(Subaru of America, Inc.) comprehensive oil management fryer system in 2020, and started
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. (SIA), SUBARU’s production reducing the number of waste oil containers and converting used
base in the U.S., has achieved and maintains zero landfill waste cooking oil to biodiesel fuel.
status. SOA has been leveraging SIA’s expertise to advance a
joint initiative with suppliers, the National Parks Conservation
Association, the National Park Service, and others since 2015 to
reduce landfill waste generated from three national parks:
Yosemite National Park (California), Denali National Park and
Preserve (Alaska), and Grand Teton National Park (Wyoming).
Subaru of America, Inc. received the Silver Halo Award and the
Corporate Stewardship Award in 2020 in recognition of zero
landfill initiatives in national parks.
The initiative encompasses a range of activities that include
placing more than 500 trash bins in the parks, promoting the
composting of organic waste, and increasing the number of water

[PAGE 63]
062 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index Water Resources Water is an indispensable resource for the Subaru Group’s business activities. The risk of droughts, floods, and other disasters is increasing, however, due to climate change, while global population growth and economic development are increasing demand for water and raising the risk of water shortages and pollution. To help alleviate these risks, the Subaru Group is committed to the proper management of water consumption, as well as to minimizing the environmental impact of its discharged water. We are also actively engaging in activities to conserve forests that have a water storage function. The Production & Environment Subcommittee manages the Subaru Group’s water usage at each site, and both the total amount and amount used per unit of sales are maintained at a constant level. The share of each water source in the total freshwater consumption at major locations of the Subaru Group is as follows: industrial water 60%, tap water 30%, and groundwater 10%. As we are well aware of the risks involved in using the valuable resource of fresh water, we carefully monitor water consumption by conducting water risk assessments at major locations. Although the current assessment results show that the water risk is not high, we will continue to regularly assess our water risk levels and work to reduce water consumption in order to ensure a continuous water supply. Water Risk Assessment The Subaru Group uses a third-party expert to implement water risk assessments* to ensure the sustainable use of water. These assessments estimate, among other things, the water supply and demand risk in the river basins in which the production bases are located, the probability of water-related disasters occurring, and the impact on public health and ecosystems on a five-point scale. These assessments showed that water risk at the Gunma Plant, Utsunomiya Plant, and Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. is generally evaluated as moderate or lower. Gunma Plant and Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. According to an assessment in FYE March 2017, the water supply and demand risk at the Gunma Plant and Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc., both of which are automobile manufacturing bases, is moderate. It is expected that the current risk level will be maintained for the mid to long term, even when the impact of climate change is taken into account. No biodiversity conservation areas are identified at the lower reaches of the rivers. The vulnerability to water pollution is low. Utsunomiya Plant According to an assessment in FYE March 2018, the water supply and demand risk at the Utsunomiya Plant, which is our base for aerospace manufacturing, is moderate. This risk level is expected to drop in the future as an increase in the river flow rate and decrease in water demand are likely to take place. The plant is not located in an area at high risk of flood inundation or landslides. No biodiversity conservation areas or habitats for rare aquatic life are identified in the areas within 10 km downstream from the site. Going forward, we will continue to accurately monitor our water risk based on the assessments, ensure optimum water consumption in relation to local water demand, and help conserve the environment along the river. * Reference databases (1) WRI Aqueduct water risk atlas, WWF-DEG Water Risk Filter, PREVIEW Global Risk Data Platform, Climate Change Knowledge Portal, Integrated Biodiversity Assessment Tool, National Land Numerical Information: Possible Inundation Area Data and Sediment Disaster Hazard Area Data (Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism), NCD-VfU-GIZ Water Scarcity Valuation Tool (Version 1.0), Costing Nature/ Water World, (Only for Gunma Plant and Utsunomiya Plant) Our Approach Water Management Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 062
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Water Resources
Our Approach Water Management Gunma Plant and Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
According to an assessment in FYE March 2017, the water supply
Water is an indispensable resource for the Subaru Group’s The Production & Environment Subcommittee manages the and demand risk at the Gunma Plant and Subaru of Indiana
business activities. The risk of droughts, floods, and other Subaru Group’s water usage at each site, and both the total Automotive, Inc., both of which are automobile manufacturing
disasters is increasing, however, due to climate change, while amount and amount used per unit of sales are maintained at a bases, is moderate. It is expected that the current risk level will be
global population growth and economic development are constant level. maintained for the mid to long term, even when the impact of
increasing demand for water and raising the risk of water The share of each water source in the total freshwater climate change is taken into account. No biodiversity conservation
shortages and pollution. consumption at major locations of the Subaru Group is as follows: areas are identified at the lower reaches of the rivers. The
To help alleviate these risks, the Subaru Group is committed industrial water 60%, tap water 30%, and groundwater 10%. As we vulnerability to water pollution is low.
to the proper management of water consumption, as well as to are well aware of the risks involved in using the valuable resource
minimizing the environmental impact of its discharged water. We of fresh water, we carefully monitor water consumption by Utsunomiya Plant
are also actively engaging in activities to conserve forests that conducting water risk assessments at major locations. Although According to an assessment in FYE March 2018, the water supply
have a water storage function. the current assessment results show that the water risk is not high, and demand risk at the Utsunomiya Plant, which is our base for
we will continue to regularly assess our water risk levels and work aerospace manufacturing, is moderate. This risk level is expected
to reduce water consumption in order to ensure a continuous to drop in the future as an increase in the river flow rate and
water supply. decrease in water demand are likely to take place. The plant is not
located in an area at high risk of flood inundation or landslides.
Water Risk Assessment No biodiversity conservation areas or habitats for rare aquatic life
The Subaru Group uses a third-party expert to implement water are identified in the areas within 10 km downstream from the site.
risk assessments* to ensure the sustainable use of water. These Going forward, we will continue to accurately monitor our water
assessments estimate, among other things, the water supply and risk based on the assessments, ensure optimum water
demand risk in the river basins in which the production bases are consumption in relation to local water demand, and help conserve
located, the probability of water-related disasters occurring, and the environment along the river.
the impact on public health and ecosystems on a five-point scale. * Reference databases
These assessments showed that water risk at the Gunma Plant, (1) WRI Aqueduct water risk atlas, WWF-DEG Water Risk Filter, PREVIEW Global Risk
Data Platform, Climate Change Knowledge Portal, Integrated Biodiversity Assessment
Utsunomiya Plant, and Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. is Tool, National Land Numerical Information: Possible Inundation Area Data and
generally evaluated as moderate or lower. Sediment Disaster Hazard Area Data (Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and
Tourism), NCD-VfU-GIZ Water Scarcity Valuation Tool (Version 1.0), Costing Nature/
Water World, (Only for Gunma Plant and Utsunomiya Plant)

[PAGE 64]
063 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index Breakdown of Water Consumption by Water Source at Major Production Bases (1,000 m3) Region Industrial Water Tap Water Groundwater Source of Water Intake Japan 2,654 309 525 Tone River, Watarase River North America 0 780 0 Groundwater from the Teays Valley aquifer Total 2,654 1,089 525 Scope: Japan: Gunma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant, Handa Plant, Handa West Plant, Yusoki Kogyo K.K., Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd., Ichitan Co., Ltd., Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd. North America: Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. Water Consumption The total amount used is monitored and compiled for each location, and reported and verified at biannual meetings. Necessary measures are then taken as appropriate. Water Reuse Utsunomiya Plant The Utsunomiya Plant has introduced a surface treatment facility equipped with an ion-exchange water recycling system that converts wastewater into pure water. In FYE March 2021, 30,209 m3 (33%) of the total of 91,438 m3 of water used in the surface treatment facility was recycled and utilized at the plant as washing water for the facility. Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. (SIA) added filters to its water tanks equipped with electrodeposition apparatus that are used to clean the car body prior to the painting process. Water is also reused. Achievements and Initiatives Scope: SUBARU: Gunma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant, Handa Plant, Handa West Plant Group companies in Japan: Yusoki Kogyo K.K., Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd., Ichitan Co., Ltd., Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd., Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd. Overseas group companies: Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc., Subaru of America, Inc., Subaru Canada, Inc., Subaru Research & Development, Inc. Representative Surface Treatment Wastewater Processing and Recycling Wastewater produced in the washing process of chromium-based surface treatment Sand filtration tower (removal of solid substances) Activated carbon tower (removal of organic matter) Ion-exchange tower (strong acid anion exchange resin) Ion-exchange tower (weak base anion exchange resin) Ion-exchange tower (strong base anion exchange resin) Recycled water (pure water) 33% of the total amount of wastewater generated was recycled Used as boiler water and surface treatment washing water Ion-exchange water recycling system installed as part of the wastewater treatment facility (1,000 m3) (1,000 m3/100 million yen) 5,000 4,000 3,000 1,000 2,000 0 0.2 0.1 0 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 4,462 0.13 4,673 4,843 4,803 0.14 0.15 0.14 4,268 0.15 SUBARU Domestic group companies Overseas group companies Amount per unit of sales (FYE March) Water Consumption Water Discharge Gunma Plant The wastewater from the Yajima Plant passes down the Ikoi River and into the Tone River. The water of the Tone River is used to irrigate fields and for fish farming. Households downstream also use the water. We treat wastewater from the Gunma Plant appropriately with the awareness that it touches the lives of many people. In addition, we keep crucian carp and koi carp in the oil-water separation tanks at the Yajima Plant, and release them after confirming that the water quality can sustain fish. Utsunomiya Plant In the Utsunomiya area, after treating wastewater from surface treatment processes we discharge it into the sewer system, and discharge rainwater and cooling water into the river after checking its quality in the final water quality monitoring tank. In addition, we dispose of wastewater from the painting process in the Handa area as industrial waste, and treat domestic wastewater in septic tanks prior to discharging it into Kinuura Port and the Agui River. Utsunomiya Area Wastewater Treatment Process Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Drainage storage tank Recycling equipment (ion exchange and recycled water production system) Reused as surface-treatment water and boiler water Final water quality monitoring tank Discharge into sewer Chemical processing equipment (flocculation and precipitation system) Wastewater from surface treatment process and painting process cleaning

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 063
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Water Reuse Water Discharge
Achievements and Initiatives
Utsunomiya Plant Gunma Plant
Water Consumption The Utsunomiya Plant has introduced a surface treatment The wastewater from the Yajima Plant passes down the Ikoi River
The total amount used is monitored and compiled for each facility equipped with an ion-exchange water recycling system and into the Tone River. The water of the Tone River is used to
location, and reported and verified at biannual meetings. that converts wastewater into pure water. In FYE March 2021, irrigate fields and for fish farming. Households downstream also
Necessary measures are then taken as appropriate. 30,209 m3 (33%) of the total of 91,438 m3 of water used in the use the water. We treat wastewater from the Gunma Plant
surface treatment facility was recycled and utilized at the plant appropriately with the awareness that it touches the lives of
Water Consumption as washing water for the facility. many people. In addition, we keep crucian carp and koi carp in
(1,000 m³) (1,000 m³/100 million yen) the oil-water separation tanks at the Yajima Plant, and release
5,000 4,673 4,843 4,803 0.2 Representative Surface Treatment Wastewater Processing and Recycling them after confirming that the water quality can sustain fish.
4,000 4,462 4,268 Wastewater produced in the washing
0.14 0.15 0.14 0.15 process of chromium-based surface treatment
0.13 Ion-exchange water recycling system Utsunomiya Plant
3,000 installed as part of the wastewater
0.1 Sand filtration tower treatment facility In the Utsunomiya area, after treating wastewater from surface
2,000 (removal of solid substances)
treatment processes we discharge it into the sewer system, and
1,000
Activated carbon tower discharge rainwater and cooling water into the river after
(removal of organic matter)
0 0
checking its quality in the final water quality monitoring tank. In
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 (FYE March) Ion-exchange tower
addition, we dispose of wastewater from the painting process in
(strong acid anion exchange resin)
SUBARU Domestic group companies Overseas group companies Amount per unit of sales Ion-exchange tower the Handa area as industrial waste, and treat domestic
Scope: (weak base anion exchange resin)
wastewater in septic tanks prior to discharging it into Kinuura
SUBARU: G unma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant, Handa Plant, Handa West Plant Ion-exchange tower
Group companies in Japan: Yusoki Kogyo K.K., Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd., (strong base anion exchange resin) Port and the Agui River.
Ichitan Co., Ltd., Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd., Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd.
Utsunomiya Area Wastewater Treatment Process
Overseas group companies: S ubaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc., Subaru of America, Inc., 33% of the total amount of
Recycled water (pure water)
Subaru Canada, Inc., Subaru Research & Development, Inc. wastewater generated was recycled Wastewater from surface treatment process
Used as boiler water and and painting process cleaning
Breakdown of Water Consumption by Water Source at Major surface treatment washing water
Production Bases (1,000 m³) Drainage storage tank
Industrial
Region Tap Water Groundwater Source of Water Intake
Water
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. Recycling equipment (ion Chemical processing
Japan 2,654 309 525 Tone River, Watarase River exchange and recycled water equipment (flocculation and
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. (SIA) added filters to its production system) precipitation system)
North Groundwater from the
0 780 0 water tanks equipped with electrodeposition apparatus that
America Teays Valley aquifer
are used to clean the car body prior to the painting process. Reused as surface-treatment Final water quality
Total 2,654 1,089 525 water and boiler water monitoring tank
Water is also reused.
Scope:
Japan: G unma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant, Handa Plant, Handa West Plant,
Yusoki Kogyo K.K., Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd., Ichitan Co., Ltd., Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd. Discharge into sewer
North America: Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
[TABLE] 4
[TABLE] 4
[TABLE] Ion-exchange water recycling system
installed as part of the wastewater
treatment facility
[TABLE] 33% of the total amount of
wastewater generated was recycled
[TABLE] 5
[TABLE] Region | Industrial
Water | Tap Water | Groundwater | Source of Water Intake
[TABLE] 2,654 | 309 | 525
[TABLE] 0 | 780 | 0
[TABLE] 2,654 | 1,089 | 525

[PAGE 65]
064 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index Biodiversity With the automotive and aerospace businesses as the pillars of SUBARU’s operations, our fields of business are the earth, the sky and nature. We promote biodiversity preservation through our business activities, aiming to achieve coexistence with nature. We support the Declaration of Biodiversity by Keidanren (Japan Business Federation) and participate in the Japan Business and Biodiversity Partnership as part of our active commitment to biodiversity. We also ensure ongoing, biodiversity-friendly business activities by establishing the Guidelines on Biodiversity, while also committing ourselves to the Subaru Forest Project for biodiversity conservation and organizing various events in and outside our business locations aimed at raising people’s awareness of biodiversity. Guidelines on Biodiversity The Subaru Group instituted the Subaru Guidelines on Biodiversity in April 2019, which serve as the basis for its approach to biodiversity. The guidelines were formulated with reference to the government’s Guidelines for Private Sector Engagement in Biodiversity (Ministry of the Environment) and the Declaration of Biodiversity by Keidanren: Guide to Action Policy, as well as by taking into account international trends in biodiversity management. They are consistent with the Six Priority Areas for CSR and the Subaru Environmental Policies and are designed to ensure that their effectiveness and continuity can be guaranteed. Subaru Guidelines on Biodiversity Our society is supported by biodiversity, which is the source of various blessings from nature. On the other hand, “biodiversity” is rapidly being lost on a global scale. We promote biodiversity preservation through our business activities and contribute to the environmental protection of our planet while aiming to coexist with the earth, the sky and nature. 1. We grasp the impact of business activities on biodiversity and reduce their impact. We also promote initiatives leading to further recovery. 2. We strive to raise awareness of biodiversity. 3. We respect international rules concerning biodiversity. 4. We cooperate with stakeholders and strive for preservation of biodiversity. 5. We proactively disclose information on activities regarding biodiversity. SUBARU launched a working group in FYE March 2015 to implement biodiversity initiatives. People in charge of environmental activities at SUBARU’s production bases and in the procurement and development stages participate in the working group, which regularly develops roadmaps for biodiversity initiatives in all business activities. The working group regularly shares its goals and issues, along with research and surveys related to its plans. The procurement department of the Aerospace Company and the person in charge of social contribution activities have also been participating in the working group since FYE March 2021 and have shared the status of initiatives. Our Approach Management System Established in April 2019 Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 064
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | Biodiversity | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Biodiversity
Our Approach Management System
Subaru Guidelines on Biodiversity
With the automotive and aerospace businesses as the pillars of Our society is supported by biodiversity, which is the source of SUBARU launched a working group in FYE March 2015 to
SUBARU’s operations, our fields of business are the earth, the sky various blessings from nature. implement biodiversity initiatives. People in charge of
and nature. We promote biodiversity preservation through our On the other hand, “biodiversity” is rapidly being lost on a environmental activities at SUBARU’s production bases and in the
business activities, aiming to achieve coexistence with nature. global scale. procurement and development stages participate in the working
We support the Declaration of Biodiversity by Keidanren We promote biodiversity preservation through our group, which regularly develops roadmaps for biodiversity
(Japan Business Federation) and participate in the Japan Business business activities and contribute to the environmental initiatives in all business activities. The working group regularly
and Biodiversity Partnership as part of our active commitment to protection of our planet while aiming to coexist with the shares its goals and issues, along with research and surveys
biodiversity. We also ensure ongoing, biodiversity-friendly earth, the sky and nature. related to its plans. The procurement department of the Aerospace
business activities by establishing the Guidelines on Biodiversity, Company and the person in charge of social contribution activities
while also committing ourselves to the Subaru Forest Project for 1. W e grasp the impact of business activities on biodiversity have also been participating in the working group since FYE March
biodiversity conservation and organizing various events in and and reduce their impact. We also promote initiatives leading 2021 and have shared the status of initiatives.
outside our business locations aimed at raising people’s to further recovery.
awareness of biodiversity.
2. W e strive to raise awareness of biodiversity.
3. W e respect international rules concerning biodiversity.
Guidelines on Biodiversity
4. W e cooperate with stakeholders and strive for preservation
The Subaru Group instituted the Subaru Guidelines on
of biodiversity.
Biodiversity in April 2019, which serve as the basis for its approach
to biodiversity. The guidelines were formulated with reference to 5. W e proactively disclose information on activities regarding
the government’s Guidelines for Private Sector Engagement in biodiversity.
Biodiversity (Ministry of the Environment) and the Declaration of
Established in April 2019
Biodiversity by Keidanren: Guide to Action Policy, as well as by
taking into account international trends in biodiversity
management. They are consistent with the Six Priority Areas for
CSR and the Subaru Environmental Policies and are designed to
ensure that their effectiveness and continuity can be guaranteed.

[PAGE 66]
065 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index Japan Subaru Forest Project Since FYE March 2018, SUBARU has been working on the Subaru Forest Project, an initiative that is directly linked to biodiversity conservation and embodies the idea of coexistence with nature included in the Subaru Environmental Policies. Subaru Forest Bifuka in Hokkaido In a forest of approximately 100 hectares located on the premises of Subaru Test & Development Center Bifuka Proving Ground, SUBARU started forest management and conservation activities in FYE March 2018, including tree-planting, thinning, and nature conservation. We aim to carry out these activities in collaboration with local communities such as Bifuka Town with a long-term plan to create a forest through artificial afforestation in 50 years. Furthermore, as a measure against climate change, we have completed the certification and registration process required for the issuance of J-Credit, which we expect to purchase in or after FYE March 2022. In addition, wood from thinning during forest maintenance projects is used as biomass fuel. Wild animals such as ezo red foxes and brown bears that live in the surrounding area have been spotted on the premises, and we are considering measures aimed at coexistence with these animals in cooperation with local governments. Sponsorship of a tree-planting ceremony at Bifuka Town A tree spirit ceremony and a tree-planting ceremony, which had been organized by Bifuka Town annually, were held in October 2020. A total of about 30 administrative staff and people from local forestry associations attended. Although the event was scaled back to prevent the spread of COVID-19, the participants planted 150 Todo fir trees, a variety chosen for its suitability to the local climate, on the 0.7-hectare site in the hope of passing on healthy and abundant forests to the next generation. These Todo firs planted will be ready for felling in 50 years’ time. Donations to fund environmental conservation activities at Matsuyama Marsh SUBARU, Bifuka Town, and the Hokkaido Government Kamikawa General Subprefectural Bureau signed an agreement to promote conservation of the forest environment in Bifuka Town in 2019. SUBARU has been utilizing the corporate version of a hometown tax donation program – the government’s tax incentive scheme to encourage companies to support regional revitalization – to donate three million yen to the Hokkaido Government’s Matsuyama Marsh* Forest Project over three years starting from FYE March 2020. The donations are used, among others, for boardwalk improvements in Matsuyama Marsh. The initial donation was made and used to replace the old signpost and maintain trails so that the trekking route is properly demarcated to preserve valuable vegetation and ensure safety of visitors. Subaru Friendship Forest Akagi (Gunma Prefectural Forest Park) In April 2018, SUBARU obtained the naming rights to a prefectural forest park in Gunma Prefecture, where its automotive plants are located. The park’s name, “Subaru Friendship Forest Akagi,” will be used for the five years through 2023. Donations in FYE March 2020 and FYE March 2021 are part of the 9.8 million yen we will donate over the five- year period to the prefectural government to support forest park conservation and management. Initiatives Subaru Test & Development Center Bifuka Proving Ground and its surrounding forests Ezo red foxes have been spotted on the premises About 30 people participated in the tree-planting A renewed signpost A beautiful Matsuyama Marsh landscape Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices * Matsuyama Marsh (Bifuka Town): Japan’s northernmost high-altitude wetland situated 797 meters above sea level. As the marsh is home to around 200 distinctive plant species, including ferns and mosses, the Ministry of the Environment has selected it as one of Japan’s 500 most important wetlands.

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 065
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | Biodiversity | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Initiatives Sponsorship of a tree-planting ceremony at Bifuka Town * Matsuyama Marsh (Bifuka Town): Japan’s northernmost high-altitude wetland
situated 797 meters above sea level. As the marsh is home to around 200
A tree spirit ceremony and a tree-planting ceremony, which had distinctive plant species, including ferns and mosses, the Ministry of the
Environment has selected it as one of Japan’s 500 most important wetlands.
Japan been organized by Bifuka Town annually, were held in October
2020. A total of about 30 administrative staff and people from
Subaru Forest Project
local forestry associations attended. Although the event was
Since FYE March 2018, SUBARU has been working on the
scaled back to prevent the spread of COVID-19, the participants
Subaru Forest Project, an initiative that is directly linked to
planted 150 Todo fir trees, a variety chosen for its suitability to the
biodiversity conservation and embodies the idea of coexistence
local climate, on the 0.7-hectare site in the hope of passing on
with nature included in the Subaru Environmental Policies.
healthy and abundant forests to the next generation. These Todo
firs planted will be ready for felling in 50 years’ time.
Subaru Forest Bifuka in Hokkaido
In a forest of approximately 100 hectares located on the premises A beautiful Matsuyama Marsh landscape
of Subaru Test & Development Center Bifuka Proving Ground,
SUBARU started forest management and conservation activities in
FYE March 2018, including tree-planting, thinning, and nature
conservation. We aim to carry out these activities in collaboration
with local communities such as Bifuka Town with a long-term plan
to create a forest through artificial afforestation in 50 years. About 30 people participated in the tree-planting
Furthermore, as a measure against climate change, we have Donations to fund environmental conservation activities at A renewed signpost
completed the certification and registration process required for
Matsuyama Marsh
the issuance of J-Credit, which we expect to purchase in or after Subaru Friendship Forest Akagi (Gunma Prefectural Forest Park)
SUBARU, Bifuka Town, and the Hokkaido Government Kamikawa
FYE March 2022. In addition, wood from thinning during forest
General Subprefectural Bureau signed an agreement to promote In April 2018, SUBARU obtained the naming rights to a
maintenance projects is used as biomass fuel. Wild animals such
conservation of the forest environment in Bifuka Town in 2019. prefectural forest park in Gunma Prefecture, where its
as ezo red foxes and brown bears that live in the surrounding area
SUBARU has been utilizing the corporate version of a hometown automotive plants are located. The park’s name, “Subaru
have been spotted on the premises, and we are considering
tax donation program – the government’s tax incentive scheme Friendship Forest Akagi,” will be used for the five years
measures aimed at coexistence with these animals in cooperation
to encourage companies to support regional revitalization – through 2023. Donations in FYE March 2020 and FYE March
with local governments.
to donate three million yen to the Hokkaido Government’s 2021 are part of the 9.8 million yen we will donate over the five-
Matsuyama Marsh* Forest Project over three years starting year period to the prefectural government to support forest
from FYE March 2020. The donations are used, among others, park conservation and management.
for boardwalk improvements in Matsuyama Marsh. The initial
donation was made and used to replace the old signpost and
maintain trails so that the trekking route is properly demarcated
to preserve valuable vegetation and ensure safety of visitors.
Subaru Test & Development Center Bifuka Ezo red foxes have been spotted on the
Proving Ground and its surrounding forests premises

[PAGE 67]
066 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index Subaru Forest Utsunomiya (Utsunomiya City Forest Park in Tochigi Prefecture) Utsunomiya City, Tochigi Prefecture, is where our Aerospace Business is located. We support the conservation and management of a part of a city-owned forest named “Subaru Forest Utsunomiya” in collaboration with the city. We support thinning and the use of thinned wood for benches and bike racks. Greenery Conservation and Creation Since the Subaru Group’s business locations are closely linked to the neighboring natural environments and ecosystems, we make a variety of contributions to the conservation of biodiversity in each area. Saitama Logistics Center The Saitama Logistics Center in Kitamoto City has been nurturing and taking care of cherry trees growing on the site since they were received from the city in 2003. The trees are descendants of the Ishito Kabazakura cherry tree, estimated to be 800 years old, at Tokoji Temple in the city. Ishito Kabazakura was designated as a natural monument of Japan in 1922 and is classified as one of Japan’s five great cherry trees. Tokyo Office Located in Musashino, the Tokyo Office has been planting bamboo-leaf oak, East Asian beautyberry and other species native to the area to enhance the landscape and biodiversity. We also participate in activities to protect the natural features of the region and share opinions with industry, government, academia and the private sector. Utsunomiya Plant At Utsunomiya Plant, based on our recognition that natural vegetation is an important habitat for various living creatures, we deliberately left an area in the site unmowed on a trial basis to monitor its biodiversity. As a result of the monitoring study conducted in cooperation with experts, we found 20 species of insects in the monitoring area, compared to only 11 species found in a mowed area of lawn. Based on this study, we will create an environment suitable for promoting biodiversity in the monitoring area. A cherry tree at Saitama Logistics Center Bamboo-leaf oak East Asian beautyberry A bench made of thinned wood Noshime-tombo dragonfly (Sympetrum infuscatum) Migratory locust (Locusta migratoria) Asian swallowtail (Papilio xuthus) Asian lady beetle (Harmonia axyridis) Insects found in the monitoring area Social Contribution: Subaru Forest Project A bike rack made of thinned wood Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 066
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | Biodiversity | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Subaru Forest Utsunomiya (Utsunomiya City Forest Park in Greenery Conservation and Creation Utsunomiya Plant
Tochigi Prefecture) Since the Subaru Group’s business locations are closely linked to At Utsunomiya Plant, based on our recognition that natural
Utsunomiya City, Tochigi Prefecture, is where our Aerospace the neighboring natural environments and ecosystems, we make vegetation is an important habitat for various living creatures, we
Business is located. We support the conservation and a variety of contributions to the conservation of biodiversity in deliberately left an area in the site unmowed on a trial basis to monitor
management of a part of a city-owned forest named “Subaru each area. its biodiversity. As a result of the monitoring study conducted in
Forest Utsunomiya” in collaboration with the city. We support cooperation with experts, we found 20 species of insects in the
thinning and the use of thinned wood for benches and bike racks. Saitama Logistics Center monitoring area, compared to only 11 species found in a mowed
The Saitama Logistics Center in Kitamoto City has been nurturing area of lawn. Based on this study, we will create an environment
and taking care of cherry trees growing on the site since they suitable for promoting biodiversity in the monitoring area.
were received from the city in 2003. The trees are descendants of
Insects found in the monitoring area
the Ishito Kabazakura cherry tree, estimated to be 800 years old,
at Tokoji Temple in the city. Ishito Kabazakura was designated as
a natural monument of Japan in 1922 and is classified as one of
Japan’s five great cherry trees.
A bike rack made of thinned wood A bench made of thinned wood
Social Contribution: Subaru Forest Project
Noshime-tombo dragonfly Migratory locust
(Sympetrum infuscatum) (Locusta migratoria)
A cherry tree at Saitama Logistics Center
Tokyo Office
Located in Musashino, the Tokyo Office has been planting
bamboo-leaf oak, East Asian beautyberry and other species native
to the area to enhance the landscape and biodiversity. We also
participate in activities to protect the natural features of the
Asian swallowtail (Papilio xuthus) Asian lady beetle (Harmonia axyridis)
region and share opinions with industry, government, academia
and the private sector.
Bamboo-leaf oak East Asian beautyberry

[PAGE 68]
067 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index Gunma Plant Flower distribution We distribute flower seedlings to member companies of the Subaru Community Exchange Association on request basis three times a year. We chose varieties that contribute to biodiversity in 2015. With these seedlings, each company promotes greenery conservation. This competition was canceled in FYE March 2021 due to COVID-19, but we are considering resuming it after FYE March 2022, depending on the pandemic situation. Subaru Community Exchange Association (Japanese version only) Elementary school flowerbed contest This contest provides children in the community with an opportunity to realize the importance of life through the experience of planting flower seedlings donated by SUBARU and creating flowerbeds. We have been holding this flowerbed contest for elementary schools in Ota City and Oizumi since 2015. The event was canceled in FYE March 2021 because of the COVID-19 pandemic, but we will consider resuming it in FYE March 2022, depending on the pandemic situation. Participation in Ota City Environmental Creation Council SUBARU is a sponsor of the Ota City Environmental Creation Council and takes part in a wide range of environmental activities through interaction with the local community. All FYE March 2021 events were canceled due to the COVID-19 pandemic, but we plan to resume participation in FYE March 2022, depending on the pandemic situation. Procurement with Consideration for Biodiversity SUBARU surveys the use of biological resources, including cowhide and plant-derived materials, to ensure no negative impact on the ecosystem during procurement of raw materials. SUBARU also uses copy paper made from 100% recycled paper pulp that is not from new trees. In addition, SUBARU provides suppliers with Internet-based payment guides, and during FYE March 2022 switched to FSC-certified paper for envelopes used to mail paper payment guides. Activity Timing Outline Volunteer clean-up (removal of invasive species and plants) June 2021 Collaborate with local residents and businesses to clean up areas where invasive species such as parrotfeather and veronica undulata are taking over. Next-generation automobile test drive event and making candles from used cooking oil September 2021 Participate in exhibition booths at test drive events to make the public aware of the Cool Choice campaign. Raise awareness and introduce activities with signage and make candles from used cooking oil to build interest in the environment among residents. Ishida River Rediscovery Project October 2021 Survey the water quality of the Ishida River, which flows through the Ota City area, from its headwaters to its mouth, explain what is necessary to maintain good water quality, and be environmentally proactive. Ota City Environmental Fair November 2021 We participated in the Ota City Environmental Fair to inform people about the activities of the Ota City Environmental Creation Council through signage, and distributed candles made from used cooking oil at the next-generation automobile test drive event. Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 067
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | Biodiversity | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Gunma Plant Participation in Ota City Environmental Creation Council Procurement with Consideration for Biodiversity
Flower distribution SUBARU is a sponsor of the Ota City Environmental Creation SUBARU surveys the use of biological resources, including
We distribute flower seedlings to member companies of Council and takes part in a wide range of environmental cowhide and plant-derived materials, to ensure no negative
the Subaru Community Exchange Association on request activities through interaction with the local community. All impact on the ecosystem during procurement of raw materials.
basis three times a year. We chose varieties that contribute FYE March 2021 events were canceled due to the COVID-19 SUBARU also uses copy paper made from 100% recycled paper
to biodiversity in 2015. With these seedlings, each company pandemic, but we plan to resume participation in FYE March pulp that is not from new trees. In addition, SUBARU provides
promotes greenery conservation. This competition was 2022, depending on the pandemic situation. suppliers with Internet-based payment guides, and during FYE
canceled in FYE March 2021 due to COVID-19, but we are March 2022 switched to FSC-certified paper for envelopes used
considering resuming it after FYE March 2022, depending on Activity Timing Outline to mail paper payment guides.
the pandemic situation.
Subaru Community Exchange Association (Japanese version only)
Collaborate with local residents and
Volunteer clean-up
June businesses to clean up areas where
(removal of invasive
Elementary school flowerbed contest 2021 invasive species such as parrotfeather
species and plants)
and veronica undulata are taking over.
This contest provides children in the community with an
opportunity to realize the importance of life through the
experience of planting flower seedlings donated by SUBARU Participate in exhibition booths at test
Next-generation drive events to make the public aware
and creating flowerbeds. We have been holding this flowerbed
automobile test drive of the Cool Choice campaign. Raise
September
contest for elementary schools in Ota City and Oizumi since event and making awareness and introduce activities
2021
candles from used with signage and make candles from
2015. The event was canceled in FYE March 2021 because of
cooking oil used cooking oil to build interest in the
the COVID-19 pandemic, but we will consider resuming it in environment among residents.
FYE March 2022, depending on the pandemic situation. Survey the water quality of the Ishida
River, which flows through the Ota
Ishida River October City area, from its headwaters to its
Rediscovery Project 2021 mouth, explain what is necessary to
maintain good water quality, and be
environmentally proactive.
We participated in the Ota City
Environmental Fair to inform people
about the activities of the Ota City
Ota City November Environmental Creation Council
Environmental Fair 2021 through signage, and distributed
candles made from used cooking oil at
the next-generation automobile test
drive event.
[TABLE] Activity | Timing | Outline
[TABLE] June
2021
[TABLE] September
2021
[TABLE] October
2021
[TABLE] November
2021

[PAGE 69]
068 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index Overseas Initiatives Aiming at Coexistence with Nature (Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.) Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. (SIA) worked on ecosystem protection by improving the water retention area and the surrounding greenery on the plant’s premises to make them suitable habitats for local wildlife. Thanks to these efforts, the area was certified by the National Wildlife Foundation in 2003 as a wildlife habitat, making SIA the first U.S. automobile production plant to receive the certificate. SIA maintains its surrounding natural environment, where wild Canadian geese and herons feed and rest, and many wild deer live in the native wildlife area behind the recreation center. Support for Wildlife and Nature Conservation (Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.) Subaru of Indiana Automotive has been supporting Wolf Park since 2020. This organization is engaged in wildlife education, conservation and research into protecting wolves and foxes. Subaru of Indiana Automotive is also working to preserve the environment of nearby streams by sponsoring a cleanup program by a nature conservation organization called Niches Land Trust. Afforestation in Wildfire-burned Areas (Subaru of America, Inc.) In collaboration with the National Forest Foundation, Subaru of America, Inc. (SOA) has been involved in reforestation in areas severely damaged by record forest fires since 2019. The project planted 125,000 trees in 2020 and plans to plant 500,000 trees by 2022. Participating in Postal Service-run Nature Conservation Programs (Subaru of America, Inc.) Starting 2019, SOA, together with printing companies, is involved in a program to donate one cent per postal mail to plant one seedling in each of the areas affected by natural disasters and faced by the challenge of protecting local species. Through this activity, a total of 1,591,900 seedlings were planted in 2019. New Facilities That Conserve Nearby Wetlands (Subaru Research & Development, Inc.) Established in 2020, the technical center is set up to avoid encroaching on wetlands and the many organisms that live there. Wild Canadian geese SIA is surrounded by a wealth of nature Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 068
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | Biodiversity | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Overseas Support for Wildlife and Nature Conservation
(Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.)
Initiatives Aiming at Coexistence with Nature
Subaru of Indiana Automotive has been supporting Wolf Park
(Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.)
since 2020. This organization is engaged in wildlife education,
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. (SIA) worked on ecosystem
conservation and research into protecting wolves and foxes.
protection by improving the water retention area and the
Subaru of Indiana Automotive is also working to preserve the
surrounding greenery on the plant’s premises to make them
environment of nearby streams by sponsoring a cleanup program
suitable habitats for local wildlife. Thanks to these efforts,
by a nature conservation organization called Niches Land Trust.
the area was certified by the National Wildlife Foundation in
2003 as a wildlife habitat, making SIA the first U.S. automobile
Afforestation in Wildfire-burned Areas
production plant to receive the certificate. SIA maintains its
(Subaru of America, Inc.)
surrounding natural environment, where wild Canadian geese
and herons feed and rest, and many wild deer live in the native In collaboration with the National Forest Foundation, Subaru
wildlife area behind the recreation center. of America, Inc. (SOA) has been involved in reforestation in
areas severely damaged by record forest fires since 2019.
The project planted 125,000 trees in 2020 and plans to plant
500,000 trees by 2022.
Participating in Postal Service-run Nature Conservation
Programs (Subaru of America, Inc.)
Starting 2019, SOA, together with printing companies, is involved
in a program to donate one cent per postal mail to plant one
Wild Canadian geese SIA is surrounded by a wealth of nature
seedling in each of the areas affected by natural disasters and
faced by the challenge of protecting local species. Through this
activity, a total of 1,591,900 seedlings were planted in 2019.
New Facilities That Conserve Nearby Wetlands
(Subaru Research & Development, Inc.)
Established in 2020, the technical center is set up to avoid
encroaching on wetlands and the many organisms that live there.

[PAGE 70]
069 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index Prevention of Pollution For the development of a sustainable society as well as its own business continuity, the Subaru Group considers it essential to prevent the pollution of public water resources, soil, and the atmosphere. The Group endeavors to accurately measure its environmental impact and reduce it to a minimum by making the best use of its environmental management system. Compliance with Environmental Laws and Regulations In addition to complying with environmental laws and regulations, SUBARU has set its own voluntary environmental standard values, which are 20% stricter than the regulatory values set by law. We are committed to never exceeding the regulatory and voluntary thresholds and striving to achieve the goal of zero environmental complaints and zero environmental accidents. Two incidents related to noise and one incident related to water quality exceeded relevant regulations at the Gunma Plant in FYE March 2021. In response, we implemented measures to prevent recurrence, including a review of drainage routes. FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environmental Accidents We are committed to achieving the goal of zero accidents, both on-site and off-site. In FYE March 2021, two incidents occurred off-site and five incidents occurred on-site. To prevent reoccurrence of the two off-site incidents, in particular, we are considering the implementation of an immediate response system, such as one that issues alert notifications. Environmental Complaints We are committed to achieving the goal of zero environmental complaints, but in FYE March 2021 we received four. We intend to prevent recurrence by uncovering the causes of the complaints. Noise, Vibration and Offensive Odors The Gunma Plant conducts daily patrols premised on the fact that people and measuring instruments respond to odors and noise very differently. In addition, we use hotlines, discussion meetings and factory tours as a means of communicating with local residents and use their valuable feedback to improve production facilities when appropriate. Our Approach Achievements and Initiatives Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Name of the Site Number of Cases Gunma Plant 3 Name of the Site Number of Cases Gunma Plant 5 Utsunomiya Plant 2 Name of the Site Number of Cases Gunma Plant 4

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 069
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Prevention of Pollution
Environmental Complaints
Our Approach Achievements and Initiatives
We are committed to achieving the goal of zero environmental
For the development of a sustainable society as well as its own Compliance with Environmental Laws and Regulations complaints, but in FYE March 2021 we received four. We intend to
business continuity, the Subaru Group considers it essential to In addition to complying with environmental laws and regulations, prevent recurrence by uncovering the causes of the complaints.
prevent the pollution of public water resources, soil, and the SUBARU has set its own voluntary environmental standard values,
atmosphere. The Group endeavors to accurately measure its which are 20% stricter than the regulatory values set by law. We Name of the Site Number of Cases
environmental impact and reduce it to a minimum by making the are committed to never exceeding the regulatory and voluntary Gunma Plant 4
best use of its environmental management system. thresholds and striving to achieve the goal of zero environmental
complaints and zero environmental accidents. Two incidents
Noise, Vibration and Offensive Odors
related to noise and one incident related to water quality
exceeded relevant regulations at the Gunma Plant in FYE March The Gunma Plant conducts daily patrols premised on the fact that
2021. In response, we implemented measures to prevent people and measuring instruments respond to odors and noise
recurrence, including a review of drainage routes. very differently. In addition, we use hotlines, discussion meetings
and factory tours as a means of communicating with local
Name of the Site Number of Cases residents and use their valuable feedback to improve production
facilities when appropriate.
Gunma Plant 3
FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Environmental Accidents
We are committed to achieving the goal of zero accidents, both
on-site and off-site. In FYE March 2021, two incidents occurred
off-site and five incidents occurred on-site. To prevent
reoccurrence of the two off-site incidents, in particular, we are
considering the implementation of an immediate response
system, such as one that issues alert notifications.
Name of the Site Number of Cases
Gunma Plant 5
Utsunomiya Plant 2
[TABLE] Name of the Site | Number of Cases
[TABLE] Name of the Site | Number of Cases
[TABLE] Name of the Site | Number of Cases

[PAGE 71]
070 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index VOC SUBARU manages volatile organic compounds (VOCs) emissions during the automobile painting process using an emissions per unit coating area calculation method. We are reducing the amount of cleaning thinner used in the automobile painting process and increasing recovery to reduce VOC emissions during painting. However, FYE March 2021 emissions increased 7.7% compared with the previous fiscal year to 47.4g/m 2. Soil and Groundwater We started our voluntary soil and groundwater tests at our locations in 1998 and have since implemented purification measures and groundwater monitoring as required. Since the Soil Contamination Countermeasures Act came into effect in 2003, we have also filed reports and conducted tests in accordance with the law. PCB Waste SUBARU is auditing and treating polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) waste as planned. We are currently conducting a final survey of the status of PCB waste treatment at each SUBARU base and at group companies and dealers in Japan, and the Subaru Group plans to complete the disposal of PCB waste by the end of FYE March 2023. Hazardous Waste SUBARU has had no significant spillage, nor has it transported waste deemed hazardous under the terms of Annex I, II, III, and IV of the Basel Convention.* * International treaty on the control of movements of hazardous wastes between nations and their disposal procedures. NOx and Sox Emissions (t) 500 400 300 200 100 0 2017 SOx NOx SOx NOx SOx NOx SOx NOx SOx NOx 2018 2019 2020 2021 3.7 428.5 4.9 441.4 4.3 269.8 3.4 2.3 303.8 206.3 (FYE March) SUBARU Domestic group companies Overseas group companies Scope: SUBARU—Gunma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant, Handa Plant, Handa West Plant Group companies in Japan: Yusoki Kogyo K.K., Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd., Ichitan Co., Ltd., Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd., Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd. Overseas group company: Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. (t) 4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000 0 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 3,457 3,377 2,968 961 931 813 SUBARU Domestic group companies (FYE March) Amount handled Amount released Amount handled Amount released Amount handled Amount released Amount handled Amount released Amount handled Amount released 2,986 2,556 814 708 Chemical Substances Regulated by Japan’s Pollutant Release and Transfer Register (PRTR) Act Scope: SUBARU—Gunma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant, Handa Plant, Handa West Plant Group companies in Japan: Yusoki Kogyo K.K., Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd., Ichitan Co., Ltd., Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd., Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd. Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 070
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Chemical Substances Regulated by Japan’s Pollutant Release VOC
and Transfer Register (PRTR) Act
SUBARU manages volatile organic compounds (VOCs) emissions
(t)
during the automobile painting process using an emissions per
4,000
unit coating area calculation method. We are reducing the
3,457 3,377
3,000 2,968 2,986 amount of cleaning thinner used in the automobile painting
2,556
process and increasing recovery to reduce VOC emissions during
2,000
painting. However, FYE March 2021 emissions increased 7.7%
1,000 961 931 813 814 708 compared with the previous fiscal year to 47.4g/m2.
0
AmountAmount AmountAmount AmountAmount AmountAmount AmountAmount Soil and Groundwater
handledreleased handledreleased handledreleased handledreleased handledreleased
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021(FYE March) We started our voluntary soil and groundwater tests at our
SUBARU Domestic group companies locations in 1998 and have since implemented purification
Scope: SUBARU—G unma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant, Handa Plant, Handa measures and groundwater monitoring as required. Since the Soil
West Plant
Group companies in Japan: Yusoki Kogyo K.K., Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd., Ichitan Co., Contamination Countermeasures Act came into effect in 2003, we
Ltd., Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd., Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd. have also filed reports and conducted tests in accordance with
the law.
NOx and Sox Emissions
PCB Waste
(t)
SUBARU is auditing and treating polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB)
500
428.5 441.4 waste as planned. We are currently conducting a final survey of
400
the status of PCB waste treatment at each SUBARU base and at
300 303.8 group companies and dealers in Japan, and the Subaru Group
269.8
200 206.3 plans to complete the disposal of PCB waste by the end of FYE
100 March 2023.
0 3.7 4.9 4.3 3.4 2.3
Hazardous Waste
SOxNOx SOxNOx SOxNOx SOxNOx SOxNOx
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 (FYE March) SUBARU has had no significant spillage, nor has it transported
SUBARU Domestic group companies Overseas group companies waste deemed hazardous under the terms of Annex I, II, III, and IV
Scope: SUBARU—G unma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant, Handa Plant, Handa of the Basel Convention.*
West Plant
Group companies in Japan: Yusoki Kogyo K.K., Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd., Ichitan Co., * I nternational treaty on the control of movements of hazardous wastes between nations
Ltd., Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd., Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd. and their disposal procedures.
Overseas group company: Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.

[PAGE 72]
071 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices In addition to complying with the laws and regulations, SUBARU sets voluntary standards that are 20% stricter than the legal regulation values to manage the controlled substances. The following shows the regulation values and measured performance data for our plants and offices regarding the main substances. Atmosphere (Air Pollution Control Act, Prefectural Regulations) Automotive Business Aerospace Company Gunma Plant Utsunomiya Plant Main Plant Main Plant Yajima Plant Oizumi Plant Ota North Plant South Plant and 2nd South Plant Tokyo Office Substance Equipment / Facility Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Average NOx Paint drying oven ppm 230 184 19 16 Particulate matter Paint drying oven g/Nm3 0.2 0.16 0.002 0.001 VOC Paint booth, etc. ppm-C 700 — 664 381 Substance Equipment / Facility Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Average NOx Cogeneration ppm 600 480 159 159 NOx Heater g/Nm3 150 120 46 45 NOx Quenching furnace g/Nm3 170 136 < 100 < 100 Particulate matter Heater ppm-C 0.1 0.08 < 0.001 < 0.001 Particulate matter Quenching furnace ppm-C 0.2 0.16 < 0.01 < 0.01 Substance Equipment / Facility Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Average NOx Paint drying oven ppm 230 184 38 18 Particulate matter Paint drying oven g/Nm3 0.2 0.16 < 0.003 0.001 VOC Paint booth, etc. ppm-C 700 — 442 237 VOC Paint booth, etc. ppm-C 400 — 305 174 Substance Equipment / Facility Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Average NOx Aluminum melting furnace ppm 180 144 47 28 Particulate matter Aluminum melting furnace g/Nm3 0.3 0.24 0.012 0.007 No applicable equipment / facility No applicable equipment / facility No applicable equipment / facility Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 071
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices
In addition to complying with the laws and regulations, SUBARU sets voluntary standards that are 20% stricter than the legal regulation
values to manage the controlled substances. The following shows the regulation values and measured performance data for our plants
and offices regarding the main substances.
Atmosphere (Air Pollution Control Act, Prefectural Regulations)
Automotive Business Ota North Plant
Gunma Plant No applicable equipment / facility
Main Plant
Voluntary
Substance Equipment / Facility Unit Regulation Standard Maximum Average Tokyo Office
NOx Paint drying oven ppm 230 184 19 16
No applicable equipment / facility
Particulate matter Paint drying oven g/Nm3 0.2 0.16 0.002 0.001
VOC Paint booth, etc. ppm-C 700 — 664 381
Aerospace Company
Utsunomiya Plant
Yajima Plant
Voluntary Main Plant
Substance Equipment / Facility Unit Regulation Maximum Average
Standard
NOx Paint drying oven ppm 230 184 38 18 Substance Equipment / Facility Unit Regulation Voluntary Maximum Average
Standard
Particulate matter Paint drying oven g/Nm3 0.2 0.16 < 0.003 0.001 NOx Cogeneration ppm 600 480 159 159
VOC Paint booth, etc. ppm-C 700 — 442 237 NOx Heater g/Nm3 150 120 46 45
VOC Paint booth, etc. ppm-C 400 — 305 174 NOx Quenching furnace g/Nm3 170 136 < 100 < 100
Particulate matter Heater ppm-C 0.1 0.08 < 0.001 < 0.001
Particulate matter Quenching furnace ppm-C 0.2 0.16 < 0.01 < 0.01
Oizumi Plant
Voluntary
Substance Equipment / Facility Unit Regulation Maximum Average
Standard
South Plant and 2nd South Plant
NOx Aluminum melting furnace ppm 180 144 47 28
No applicable equipment / facility
Particulate matter Aluminum melting furnace g/Nm3 0.3 0.24 0.012 0.007

[PAGE 73]
072 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index Water Quality (Water Pollution Prevention Act, Sewerage Act, Prefectural/Municipal Regulations) Handa Plant Handa West Plant Substance Equipment / Facility Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Average SOx 2-ton boiler ppm 1.5 1.2 < 0.02 < 0.02 NOx 2-ton boiler ppm 180 144 31 27 Particulate matter 2-ton boiler g/Nm3 0.1 0.08 < 0.002 < 0.002 Substance Equipment / Facility Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Average SOx 2-ton boiler ppm 1.5 1.2 < 0.02 < 0.02 NOx 2-ton boiler ppm 180 144 26 23 Particulate matter 2-ton boiler g/Nm3 0.1 0.08 < 0.002 < 0.002 Gunma Plant Main Plant Item Unit Regulation (Prefectural Regulation) Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) — 5.8 8.6 6.1 8.3 7.7 6.9 7.3 Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 25 20 8.4 < 1.0 — Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 50 40 18.1 < 1.0 — n-Hexane extract content (Mineral oil content) mg/L 5 4 < 1.0 < 1.0 < 1.0 n-Hexane extract content (Animal and plant oil and fat content) mg/L 30 24 < 1.0 < 1.0 < 1.0 Fluorine and its compounds mg/L 8 6.4 2.4 < 0.2 — Zinc content mg/L 2 1.6 0.915 0.030 0.088 Soluble iron content mg/L 10 8 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 Soluble manganese content mg/L 10 8 0.6 < 0.1 — Phosphorus content mg/L 16 8 6.4 3.3 < 0.1 — Nitrogen content mg/L 120 60 48 21.6 2.9 9.0 Effluent is discharged into public rivers. Measured at two drainage outlets (New No.2 and No.5 waterways). Values for total phosphorus content and total nitrogen content are daily averages. Automotive Business Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 072
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Handa Plant Water Quality (Water Pollution Prevention Act, Sewerage Act, Prefectural/Municipal Regulations)
Voluntary
Substance Equipment / Facility Unit Regulation Maximum Average
Standard
SOx 2-ton boiler ppm 1.5 1.2 < 0.02 < 0.02 Automotive Business
NOx 2-ton boiler ppm 180 144 31 27 Gunma Plant
Particulate matter 2-ton boiler g/Nm3 0.1 0.08 < 0.002 < 0.002
Main Plant
Item Unit Regulation Voluntary Maximum Minimum Average
(Prefectural Regulation) Standard
Handa West Plant Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) — 5.8 8.6 6.1 8.3 7.7 6.9 7.3
Substance Equipment / Facility Unit Regulation V S o ta lu n n d t a a r r d y Maximum Average B (B io O c D h ) emical oxygen demand mg/L 25 20 8.4 < 1.0 —
SOx 2-ton boiler ppm 1.5 1.2 < 0.02 < 0.02
Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 50 40 18.1 < 1.0 —
NOx 2-ton boiler ppm 180 144 26 23
n-Hexane extract content
mg/L 5 4 < 1.0 < 1.0 < 1.0
Particulate matter 2-ton boiler g/Nm3 0.1 0.08 < 0.002 < 0.002 (Mineral oil content)
n-Hexane extract content (Animal
mg/L 30 24 < 1.0 < 1.0 < 1.0
and plant oil and fat content)
Fluorine and its compounds mg/L 8 6.4 2.4 < 0.2 —
Zinc content mg/L 2 1.6 0.915 0.030 0.088
Soluble iron content mg/L 10 8 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1
Soluble manganese content mg/L 10 8 0.6 < 0.1 —
Phosphorus content mg/L 16 8 6.4 3.3 < 0.1 —
Nitrogen content mg/L 120 60 48 21.6 2.9 9.0
Effluent is discharged into public rivers. Measured at two drainage outlets (New No.2 and No.5 waterways). Values for total
phosphorus content and total nitrogen content are daily averages.

[PAGE 74]
073 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index Yajima Plant Ota North Plant Tokyo Office Oizumi Plant Item Unit Regulation (Prefectural Regulation) Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) — 5.8 8.6 6.1 8.3 7.5 7.2 7.3 Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 25 20 7.7 < 1.0 — Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 50 40 4.0 < 1.0 — n-Hexane extract content (Mineral oil content) mg/L 5 4 < 1.0 < 1.0 < 1.0 n-Hexane extract content (Animal and plant oil and fat content) mg/L 30 24 < 1.0 < 1.0 < 1.0 Fluorine and its compounds mg/L 8 6.4 2.0 < 0.2 — Zinc content mg/L 2 1.6 0.662 0.110 0.419 Soluble iron content mg/L 10 8 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 Soluble manganese content mg/L 10 8 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 Phosphorus content mg/L 16 (8) 6.4 1.2 0.4 0.7 Nitrogen content mg/L 120 (60) 48 7.7 4.2 5.8 Item Unit Regulation (Prefectural Regulation) Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) — 5.8 8.6 6.1 8.3 7.9 7.5 7.7 Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 25 20 1.1 1.1 1.1 Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 50 40 2.2 < 1.0 — n-Hexane extract content (Mineral oil content) mg/L 5 4 < 1.0 < 1.0 < 1.0 n-Hexane extract content (Animal and plant oil and fat content) mg/L 30 24 < 1.0 < 1.0 < 1.0 Fluorine and its compounds mg/L 8 6.4 < 0.2 < 0.2 < 0.2 Zinc content mg/L 2 1.6 0.172 0.035 0.104 Soluble iron content mg/L 10 8 0.3 0.1 0.2 Soluble manganese content mg/L 10 8 0.2 0.1 0.2 Phosphorus content mg/L 16 (8) 6.4 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 Nitrogen content mg/L 120 (60) 48 1.1 1.1 1.1 Item Unit Regulation* Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) — 5 9 5.4 8.6 8.6 7.7 8.4 Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 600 480 320 39 125 Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 600 480 230 138 98 n-Hexane extract content (Mineral oil content) mg/L 5 4 < 0.5 < 0.5 < 0.5 n-Hexane extract content (Animal and plant oil and fat content) mg/L 30 24 21.0 1.0 9.0 Total phosphorus mg/L 16 12.8 9 1.6 4.9 Total nitrogen mg/L 120 96 78 19 40.6 Soluble manganese mg/L 10 8 0.01 0.01 0.01 Cyanogen mg/L 1 0.8 < 0.01 < 0.01 < 0.01 Item Unit Regulation (Prefectural Regulation) Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) — 5.8 8.6 6.1 8.3 7.6 6.8 7.2 Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 10 8 7.8 < 1.0 — Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 10 8 5.6 < 1.0 — n-Hexane extract content (Mineral oil content) mg/L 3 2.4 < 1.0 < 1.0 < 1.0 n-Hexane extract content (Animal and plant oil and fat content) mg/L 30 24 < 1.0 < 1.0 < 1.0 Fluorine and its compounds mg/L 8 6.4 < 0.2 < 0.2 < 0.2 Zinc content mg/L 2 1.6 0.146 0.084 0.113 Soluble iron content mg/L 5 4 0.2 < 0.1 — Soluble manganese content mg/L 5 4 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 Phosphorus content mg/L 16 (8) 6.4 0.2 < 0.1 — Nitrogen content mg/L 120 (60) 48 19.8 3.8 10.5 Effluent is discharged into public rivers. Values for total phosphorus content and total nitrogen content are daily averages. Effluent is discharged into public rivers. Values for total phosphorus content and total nitrogen content are daily averages. Effluent is discharged into public sewer. * Water Pollution Prevention Act, Mitaka City Sewer Regulation Effluent is discharged into public rivers. Values for total phosphorus content and total nitrogen content are daily averages. Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 073
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Yajima Plant Ota North Plant
Item Unit Regulation Voluntary Maximum Minimum Average Item Unit Regulation Voluntary Maximum Minimum Average
(Prefectural Regulation) Standard (Prefectural Regulation) Standard
Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) — 5.8 8.6 6.1 8.3 7.5 7.2 7.3 Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) — 5.8 8.6 6.1 8.3 7.9 7.5 7.7
Biochemical oxygen demand Biochemical oxygen demand
mg/L 25 20 7.7 < 1.0 — mg/L 25 20 1.1 1.1 1.1
(BOD) (BOD)
Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 50 40 4.0 < 1.0 — Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 50 40 2.2 < 1.0 —
n-Hexane extract content n-Hexane extract content
mg/L 5 4 < 1.0 < 1.0 < 1.0 mg/L 5 4 < 1.0 < 1.0 < 1.0
(Mineral oil content) (Mineral oil content)
n-Hexane extract content (Animal n-Hexane extract content (Animal
mg/L 30 24 < 1.0 < 1.0 < 1.0 mg/L 30 24 < 1.0 < 1.0 < 1.0
and plant oil and fat content) and plant oil and fat content)
Fluorine and its compounds mg/L 8 6.4 2.0 < 0.2 — Fluorine and its compounds mg/L 8 6.4 < 0.2 < 0.2 < 0.2
Zinc content mg/L 2 1.6 0.662 0.110 0.419 Zinc content mg/L 2 1.6 0.172 0.035 0.104
Soluble iron content mg/L 10 8 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 Soluble iron content mg/L 10 8 0.3 0.1 0.2
Soluble manganese content mg/L 10 8 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 Soluble manganese content mg/L 10 8 0.2 0.1 0.2
Phosphorus content mg/L 16 (8) 6.4 1.2 0.4 0.7 Phosphorus content mg/L 16 (8) 6.4 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1
Nitrogen content mg/L 120 (60) 48 7.7 4.2 5.8 Nitrogen content mg/L 120 (60) 48 1.1 1.1 1.1
Effluent is discharged into public rivers. Values for total phosphorus content and total nitrogen content are daily averages. Effluent is discharged into public rivers. Values for total phosphorus content and total nitrogen content are daily averages.
Oizumi Plant Tokyo Office
Item Unit Regulation Voluntary Maximum Minimum Average Item Unit Regulation* Voluntary Maximum Minimum Average
(Prefectural Regulation) Standard Standard
Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) — 5.8 8.6 6.1 8.3 7.6 6.8 7.2 Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) — 5 9 5.4 8.6 8.6 7.7 8.4
Biochemical oxygen demand Biochemical oxygen demand
mg/L 10 8 7.8 < 1.0 — mg/L 600 480 320 39 125
(BOD) (BOD)
Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 10 8 5.6 < 1.0 — Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 600 480 230 138 98
n-Hexane extract content n-Hexane extract content
mg/L 3 2.4 < 1.0 < 1.0 < 1.0 mg/L 5 4 < 0.5 < 0.5 < 0.5
(Mineral oil content) (Mineral oil content)
n-Hexane extract content (Animal n-Hexane extract content (Animal
mg/L 30 24 < 1.0 < 1.0 < 1.0 mg/L 30 24 21.0 1.0 9.0
and plant oil and fat content) and plant oil and fat content)
Fluorine and its compounds mg/L 8 6.4 < 0.2 < 0.2 < 0.2 Total phosphorus mg/L 16 12.8 9 1.6 4.9
Zinc content mg/L 2 1.6 0.146 0.084 0.113 Total nitrogen mg/L 120 96 78 19 40.6
Soluble iron content mg/L 5 4 0.2 < 0.1 — Soluble manganese mg/L 10 8 0.01 0.01 0.01
Soluble manganese content mg/L 5 4 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 Cyanogen mg/L 1 0.8 < 0.01 < 0.01 < 0.01
Phosphorus content mg/L 16 (8) 6.4 0.2 < 0.1 — Effluent is discharged into public sewer.
Nitrogen content mg/L 120 (60) 48 19.8 3.8 10.5 * Water Pollution Prevention Act, Mitaka City Sewer Regulation
Effluent is discharged into public rivers. Values for total phosphorus content and total nitrogen content are daily averages.

[PAGE 75]
074 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index Utsunomiya Plant Main Plant (Discharged into public rivers) South Plant (Discharged into public rivers) Main Plant (Effluent is discharged into public rivers.) South Plant (Effluent is discharged into public rivers.) Item Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) — 5 9 5.4 8.6 8.3 6.5 7.3 Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 600 480 324 1.0 57 Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 600 480 332 0.5 79 n-Hexane extract content (Mineral oil content) mg/L 5 4 < 1.0 < 1.0 < 1.0 n-Hexane extract content (Animal and plant oil and fat content) mg/L 30 24 16.8 4.6 10.6 Fluorine compounds mg/L 8 6.4 0.9 0.2 0.2 Cyanogen mg/L 1 0.8 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 Cadmium mg/L 0.03 0.024 0.015 0.003 0.004 Total chromium mg/L 2 1.6 0.10 0.001 0.03 Hexavalent chromium mg/L 0.1 0.08 < 0.02 < 0.02 < 0.02 Item Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) — 5 9 5.4 8.6 8.5 6.9 7.5 Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 600 480 375 1 72 Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 600 480 359 1.3 89 n-Hexane extract content (Mineral oil content) mg/L 5 4 < 1.0 < 1.0 < 1.0 n-Hexane extract content (Animal and plant oil and fat content) mg/L 30 24 15 1.0 5.5 Cyanogen mg/L 1 0.8 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 Cadmium mg/L 0.03 0.024 < 0.003 < 0.003 < 0.003 Total chromium mg/L 2 1.6 < 0.01 < 0.01 < 0.01 Hexavalent chromium mg/L 0.1 0.08 < 0.02 < 0.02 < 0.02 Item Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) — 5.8 8.6 6.0 8.3 8.2 6.9 7.7 Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 50 40 1.6 1.0 1.3 Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 30 24 12.8 0.5 1.9 n-Hexane extract content (Mineral oil content) mg/L 5 4 < 1.0 < 1.0 < 1.0 n-Hexane extract content (Animal and plant oil and fat content) mg/L 30 24 1.0 0.0 0.3 Cyanogen mg/L 1 0.8 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 Cadmium mg/L 0.03 0.024 < 0.003 < 0.003 < 0.003 Total chromium mg/L 2 1.6 < 0.01 < 0.01 < 0.01 Hexavalent chromium mg/L 0.5 0.4 < 0.02 < 0.02 < 0.02 Item Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) — 5.8 8.6 6.0 8.3 7.7 6.8 7.2 Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 50 40 6.4 1.6 4.1 Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 30 24 11 0.7 2.7 n-Hexane extract content (Mineral oil content) mg/L 5 4 < 1.0 < 1.0 < 1.0 Cyanogen mg/L 1 0.8 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 Cadmium mg/L 0.03 0.024 < 0.003 < 0.003 < 0.003 Total chromium mg/L 2 1.6 < 0.01 < 0.01 < 0.01 Hexavalent chromium mg/L 0.5 0.4 < 0.02 < 0.02 < 0.02 Aerospace Company Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 074
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Aerospace Company
Utsunomiya Plant
Main Plant (Discharged into public rivers) South Plant (Discharged into public rivers)
Voluntary Voluntary
Item Unit Regulation Maximum Minimum Average Item Unit Regulation Maximum Minimum Average
Standard Standard
Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) — 5 9 5.4 8.6 8.3 6.5 7.3 Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) — 5 9 5.4 8.6 8.5 6.9 7.5
Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 600 480 324 1.0 57 Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 600 480 375 1 72
Biochemical oxygen demand Biochemical oxygen demand
mg/L 600 480 332 0.5 79 mg/L 600 480 359 1.3 89
(BOD) (BOD)
n-Hexane extract content n-Hexane extract content
mg/L 5 4 < 1.0 < 1.0 < 1.0 mg/L 5 4 < 1.0 < 1.0 < 1.0
(Mineral oil content) (Mineral oil content)
n-Hexane extract content (Animal n-Hexane extract content (Animal
mg/L 30 24 16.8 4.6 10.6 mg/L 30 24 15 1.0 5.5
and plant oil and fat content) and plant oil and fat content)
Fluorine compounds mg/L 8 6.4 0.9 0.2 0.2 Cyanogen mg/L 1 0.8 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1
Cyanogen mg/L 1 0.8 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 Cadmium mg/L 0.03 0.024 < 0.003 < 0.003 < 0.003
Cadmium mg/L 0.03 0.024 0.015 0.003 0.004 Total chromium mg/L 2 1.6 < 0.01 < 0.01 < 0.01
Total chromium mg/L 2 1.6 0.10 0.001 0.03 Hexavalent chromium mg/L 0.1 0.08 < 0.02 < 0.02 < 0.02
Hexavalent chromium mg/L 0.1 0.08 < 0.02 < 0.02 < 0.02
Main Plant (Effluent is discharged into public rivers.) South Plant (Effluent is discharged into public rivers.)
Voluntary Voluntary
Item Unit Regulation Maximum Minimum Average Item Unit Regulation Maximum Minimum Average
Standard Standard
Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) — 5.8 8.6 6.0 8.3 8.2 6.9 7.7 Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) — 5.8 8.6 6.0 8.3 7.7 6.8 7.2
Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 50 40 1.6 1.0 1.3 Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 50 40 6.4 1.6 4.1
Biochemical oxygen demand Biochemical oxygen demand
mg/L 30 24 12.8 0.5 1.9 mg/L 30 24 11 0.7 2.7
(BOD) (BOD)
n-Hexane extract content n-Hexane extract content
mg/L 5 4 < 1.0 < 1.0 < 1.0 mg/L 5 4 < 1.0 < 1.0 < 1.0
(Mineral oil content) (Mineral oil content)
n-Hexane extract content (Animal Cyanogen mg/L 1 0.8 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1
mg/L 30 24 1.0 0.0 0.3
and plant oil and fat content)
Cadmium mg/L 0.03 0.024 < 0.003 < 0.003 < 0.003
Cyanogen mg/L 1 0.8 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1
Total chromium mg/L 2 1.6 < 0.01 < 0.01 < 0.01
Cadmium mg/L 0.03 0.024 < 0.003 < 0.003 < 0.003
Hexavalent chromium mg/L 0.5 0.4 < 0.02 < 0.02 < 0.02
Total chromium mg/L 2 1.6 < 0.01 < 0.01 < 0.01
Hexavalent chromium mg/L 0.5 0.4 < 0.02 < 0.02 < 0.02

[PAGE 76]
075 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index 2nd South Plant (Discharged into public rivers) 2nd South Plant (Effluent is discharged into public rivers.) Item Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) — 5 9 5.4 8.6 8.4 6.6 7.6 Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 600 480 124 2.0 32.8 Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 600 480 96 1.5 27.3 n-Hexane extract content (Mineral oil content) mg/L 5 4 < 1.0 < 1.0 < 1.0 n-Hexane extract content (Animal and plant oil and fat content) mg/L 30 24 9.2 1.0 2.0 Fluorine compounds mg/L 8 6.4 1.2 0.2 0.3 Cyanogen mg/L 1 0.8 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 Cadmium mg/L 0.03 0.024 < 0.003 < 0.003 < 0.003 Total chromium mg/L 2 1.6 0.4 0.01 0.05 Hexavalent chromium mg/L 0.1 0.08 < 0.02 < 0.02 < 0.02 Item Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) — 5.8 8.6 6.0 8.3 7.7 6.3 6.9 Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 50 40 2.4 1.2 1.8 Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 30 24 8.4 0.5 1.7 n-Hexane extract content (Mineral oil content) mg/L 5 4 < 1.0 < 1.0 < 1.0 Cyanogen mg/L 1 0.8 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 Cadmium mg/L 0.03 0.024 < 0.003 < 0.003 < 0.003 Total chromium mg/L 2 1.6 < 0.01 < 0.01 < 0.01 Hexavalent chromium mg/L 0.5 0.4 < 0.02 < 0.02 < 0.02 Item Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) — 5 9 5.8 8.3 8.1 6.2 7.1 Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 30 24 14 1.0 1.9 Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 25 20 16 0.5 2.9 Chemical oxygen demand (COD) mg/L 25 20 12 1.3 5.3 n-Hexane extract content (Mineral oil content) mg/L 2 1.6 < 0.5 < 0.5 < 0.5 Cyanogen mg/L 1 0.8 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 Cadmium mg/L 0.03 0.024 < 0.005 < 0.005 < 0.005 Total chromium mg/L 2 1.6 < 0.04 < 0.04 < 0.04 Hexavalent chromium mg/L 0.5 0.4 < 0.04 < 0.04 < 0.04 Effluent is discharged into public rivers. Handa Plant Item Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) — 5.8 8.6 6 8.3 7.7 6.7 7.2 Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 30 24 10.0 2.0 4.8 Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 25 20 5.8 2.2 3.9 Chemical oxygen demand (COD) mg/L 25 20 6.5 1.6 4.7 n-Hexane extract content (Mineral oil content) mg/L 2 1.6 < 0.5 < 0.5 < 0.5 Cyanogen mg/L 1 0.8 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 Cadmium mg/L 0.03 0.024 < 0.005 < 0.005 < 0.005 Total chromium mg/L 2 1.6 < 0.04 < 0.04 < 0.04 Hexavalent chromium mg/L 0.5 0.4 < 0.04 < 0.04 < 0.04 Effluent is discharged into public rivers. Handa West Plant Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 075
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
2nd South Plant (Discharged into public rivers) Handa Plant
Voluntary Voluntary
Item Unit Regulation Maximum Minimum Average Item Unit Regulation Maximum Minimum Average
Standard Standard
Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) — 5 9 5.4 8.6 8.4 6.6 7.6 Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) — 5 9 5.8 8.3 8.1 6.2 7.1
Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 600 480 124 2.0 32.8 Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 30 24 14 1.0 1.9
Biochemical oxygen demand Biochemical oxygen demand
mg/L 600 480 96 1.5 27.3 mg/L 25 20 16 0.5 2.9
(BOD) (BOD)
n-Hexane extract content Chemical oxygen demand (COD) mg/L 25 20 12 1.3 5.3
mg/L 5 4 < 1.0 < 1.0 < 1.0
(Mineral oil content)
n-Hexane extract content
mg/L 2 1.6 < 0.5 < 0.5 < 0.5
n-Hexane extract content (Animal (Mineral oil content)
mg/L 30 24 9.2 1.0 2.0
and plant oil and fat content)
Cyanogen mg/L 1 0.8 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1
Fluorine compounds mg/L 8 6.4 1.2 0.2 0.3
Cadmium mg/L 0.03 0.024 < 0.005 < 0.005 < 0.005
Cyanogen mg/L 1 0.8 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1
Total chromium mg/L 2 1.6 < 0.04 < 0.04 < 0.04
Cadmium mg/L 0.03 0.024 < 0.003 < 0.003 < 0.003
Hexavalent chromium mg/L 0.5 0.4 < 0.04 < 0.04 < 0.04
Total chromium mg/L 2 1.6 0.4 0.01 0.05
Effluent is discharged into public rivers.
Hexavalent chromium mg/L 0.1 0.08 < 0.02 < 0.02 < 0.02
2nd South Plant (Effluent is discharged into public rivers.) Handa West Plant
Voluntary Voluntary
Item Unit Regulation Maximum Minimum Average Item Unit Regulation Maximum Minimum Average
Standard Standard
Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) — 5.8 8.6 6.0 8.3 7.7 6.3 6.9 Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) — 5.8 8.6 6 8.3 7.7 6.7 7.2
Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 50 40 2.4 1.2 1.8 Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 30 24 10.0 2.0 4.8
Biochemical oxygen demand Biochemical oxygen demand
mg/L 30 24 8.4 0.5 1.7 mg/L 25 20 5.8 2.2 3.9
(BOD) (BOD)
n-Hexane extract content Chemical oxygen demand (COD) mg/L 25 20 6.5 1.6 4.7
mg/L 5 4 < 1.0 < 1.0 < 1.0
(Mineral oil content)
n-Hexane extract content
mg/L 2 1.6 < 0.5 < 0.5 < 0.5
Cyanogen mg/L 1 0.8 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 (Mineral oil content)
Cadmium mg/L 0.03 0.024 < 0.003 < 0.003 < 0.003 Cyanogen mg/L 1 0.8 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1
Total chromium mg/L 2 1.6 < 0.01 < 0.01 < 0.01 Cadmium mg/L 0.03 0.024 < 0.005 < 0.005 < 0.005
Hexavalent chromium mg/L 0.5 0.4 < 0.02 < 0.02 < 0.02 Total chromium mg/L 2 1.6 < 0.04 < 0.04 < 0.04
Hexavalent chromium mg/L 0.5 0.4 < 0.04 < 0.04 < 0.04
Effluent is discharged into public rivers.

[PAGE 77]
076 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index Noise (Noise Regulation Act, Prefectural Regulations, Agreements) Gunma Plant Measurement Location Unit Regulation* (Night) Voluntary Standard Number of Measurement Sites Maximum Main Plant dB(A) 55 54 8 52 Yajima Plant dB(A) 55 54 10 50 Oizumi Plant dB(A) 50 49 10 53 Measurement Location Unit Regulation* (Night) Voluntary Standard Number of Measurement Sites Maximum Main Plant dB(A) 60 58 8 49 South Plant dB(A) 50 48 4 42 2nd South Plant dB(A) 50 48 3 46 Measurement Location Unit Regulation* (Night) Voluntary Standard Number of Measurement Sites Maximum Handa Plant dB(A) 65 63 3 52 Measurement Location Unit Regulation* (Night) Voluntary Standard Number of Measurement Sites Maximum Handa West Plant dB(A) 65 63 6 59 Measurement Location Unit Regulation* (Night) Voluntary Standard Number of Measurement Sites Maximum Kisarazu Office dB(Z) 50 48 2 41 * The regulatory level for the Oizumi Plant is specified by the Ota-Oizumi Pollution Prevention Agreement. * The Oizumi Plant exceeded regulatory levels due to intermittent noise. We have confirmed that this intermittent noise is no longer occurring. Utsunomiya Plant Handa Plant Handa West Plant Kisarazu Office Automotive Business Aerospace Company Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 076
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Noise (Noise Regulation Act, Prefectural Regulations, Agreements)
Automotive Business Aerospace Company
Gunma Plant Utsunomiya Plant
Measurement Unit Regulation* Voluntary Number of Maximum Measurement Unit Regulation* Voluntary Number of Maximum
Location (Night) Standard Measurement Sites Location (Night) Standard Measurement Sites
Main Plant dB(A) 55 54 8 52 Main Plant dB(A) 60 58 8 49
Yajima Plant dB(A) 55 54 10 50 South Plant dB(A) 50 48 4 42
Oizumi Plant dB(A) 50 49 10 53 2nd South Plant dB(A) 50 48 3 46
* The regulatory level for the Oizumi Plant is specified by the Ota-Oizumi Pollution Prevention Agreement.
* T he Oizumi Plant exceeded regulatory levels due to intermittent noise. We have confirmed that this intermittent noise is no longer
Handa Plant
occurring.
Measurement Unit Regulation* Voluntary Number of Maximum
Location (Night) Standard Measurement Sites
Handa Plant dB(A) 65 63 3 52
Handa West Plant
Measurement Unit Regulation* Voluntary Number of Maximum
Location (Night) Standard Measurement Sites
Handa West Plant dB(A) 65 63 6 59
Kisarazu Office
Measurement Unit Regulation* Voluntary Number of Maximum
Location (Night) Standard Measurement Sites
Kisarazu Office dB(Z) 50 48 2 41

[PAGE 78]
077 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index Odor (Offensive Odor Control Act) Vibration (Vibration Regulation Act, Prefectural Regulations, Agreements) Gunma Plant Measurement Location Unit Regulation* (Night) Voluntary Standard Number of Measurement Sites Maximum Main Plant dB(A) 65 64 8 47 Yajima Plant dB(A) 65 64 10 43 Oizumi Plant dB(A) 60 59 10 42 Measurement Location Regulation* (Night) Voluntary Standard Number of Measurement Sites Maximum Main Plant 21 20 6 < 10 Yajima Plant 21 20 8 < 10 Oizumi Plant 21 20 6 13 Measurement Location Unit Regulation* (Night) Voluntary Standard Number of Measurement Sites Maximum Main Plant dB(Z) 65 63 8 33 South Plant dB(Z) 60 58 1 < 30 2nd South Plant dB(Z) 60 58 3 < 30 Measurement Location Unit Regulation* (Night) Voluntary Standard Number of Measurement Sites Maximum Handa Plant dB(Z) 70 68 3 < 30 Handa West Plant dB(Z) 70 68 5 < 30 Measurement Location Unit Regulation* (Night) Voluntary Standard Number of Measurement Sites Maximum Kisarazu Office dB(Z) 55 53 2 < 30 Utsunomiya Plant Handa Plant, Handa West Plant Kisarazu Office [Odor index] Gunma Plant Automotive Business Automotive Business Aerospace Company Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 077
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Vibration (Vibration Regulation Act, Prefectural Regulations, Agreements) Odor (Offensive Odor Control Act)
Automotive Business Automotive Business
Gunma Plant Gunma Plant
[Odor index]
Measurement Unit Regulation* Voluntary Number of Maximum Measurement Regulation* Voluntary Number of Maximum
Location (Night) Standard Measurement Sites Location (Night) Standard Measurement Sites
Main Plant dB(A) 65 64 8 47 Main Plant 21 20 6 < 10
Yajima Plant dB(A) 65 64 10 43 Yajima Plant 21 20 8 < 10
Oizumi Plant dB(A) 60 59 10 42 Oizumi Plant 21 20 6 13
Aerospace Company
Utsunomiya Plant
Measurement Unit Regulation* Voluntary Number of Maximum
Location (Night) Standard Measurement Sites
Main Plant dB(Z) 65 63 8 33
South Plant dB(Z) 60 58 1 < 30
2nd South Plant dB(Z) 60 58 3 < 30
Handa Plant, Handa West Plant
Measurement Unit Regulation* Voluntary Number of Maximum
Location (Night) Standard Measurement Sites
Handa Plant dB(Z) 70 68 3 < 30
Handa West Plant dB(Z) 70 68 5 < 30
Kisarazu Office
Measurement Unit Regulation* Voluntary Number of Maximum
Location (Night) Standard Measurement Sites
Kisarazu Office dB(Z) 55 53 2 < 30

[PAGE 79]
078 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index Gunma Plant (Main Plant, Yajima Plant, Oizumi Plant, Subaru Test & Development Center (SKC)) Tokyo Office Chemical Substance Amount Handled Atmospheric Emissions Water Emissions (Public Waters) Amount Transferred (Sewer) Amount Transferred Amount Consumed Amount Removed through Processing Amount Recycled Water-soluble zinc compounds 12,346 0 173 0 0 12,173 0 0 Ethylbenzene 418,007 225,164 0 0 0 34,972 56,270 101,601 Xylene 530,720 221,625 0 0 0 150,524 92,149 66,422 1,2,4-Trimethylbenzene 221,158 1,040 0 0 0 220,119 0 0 1,3,5-Trimethylbenzene 27,725 15,346 0 0 0 1,654 6,160 4,566 Toluene 640,589 211,753 0 0 0 306,222 58,732 63,882 Naphthalene 9,055 5,982 0 0 0 0 1,591 1,483 Nickel compounds 2,484 0 67 0 1,175 1,242 0 0 Bis(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate 5,857 0 0 0 117 5,740 0 0 Hydrogen fluoride and its water-soluble salts 5,560 0 5,060 0 0 500 0 0 n-Hexane 105,341 347 0 0 0 104,994 0 0 Benzene 18,726 62 0 0 0 18,665 0 0 Formaldehyde 11,272 5,339 0 0 1,305 0 3,322 1,305 2-ethoxyethyl acetate (also known as ethylene glycol monoethyl ether acetate) 1,469 1,389 0 0 0 5 23 52 Manganese and its compounds 3,901 0 102 0 1,798 2,000 0 0 Dioxins Unit: mg-TEQ/year — 0.2688 — — 0 — — — Cumene 4,985 3,004 0 0 0 0 1,125 857 Methylnaphthalene 11,190 56 0 0 0 11,134 0 0 Total 2,030,385 691,107 5,402 0 4,395 869,945 219,371 240,167 696,508 Chemical Substance Amount Handled Emissions Amount Transferred Amount Consumed Amount Removed through Processing Amount Recycled Atmosphere Water Sewer Waste Ethylbenzene 12,306 0 0 0 391 11,915 0 0 Xylene 53,529 1 0 0 1,693 51,835 0 0 1,3,5-Trimethylbenzene 9,263 0 0 0 391 8,872 0 0 Toluene 211,234 7 0 0 7,815 203,412 0 0 1,2,4-Trimethylbenzene 41,344 0 0 0 1,400 39,944 0 0 Benzene 6,670 1 0 0 195 6,474 0 0 n-Hexane 19,338 5 0 0 326 19,007 0 0 Total 353,684 13 0 0 12,212 341,459 0 0 13 Chemical Substance Amount Handled Emissions Amount Transferred Amount Consumed Amount Removed through Processing Amount Recycled Atmosphere Water Sewer Waste Toluene 30,345 9,092 0 0 2,556 18,697 0 0 Xylene 2,909 893 0 0 295 1,721 0 0 Hexavalent chromium 2,158 0 0 0 1,158 549 450 0 Total 35,412 9,985 0 0 4,009 20,967 450 0 [Unit: kg/year, excluding dioxins (mg-TEQ/year)] [Unit: kg/year] [Unit: kg/year] Automotive Business Aerospace Company Environmental Management | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles | Climate Change | Resource Recycling | Water Resources | Biodiversity | Prevention of Pollution | FYE March 2021 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Chemical Substances Subject to Japan’s Pollutant Release and Transfer Register (PRTR) System: Amount Handled and Emissions

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents
from the President CSR | Environment | Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/TCFD SUBARU CORPORATION 078
Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Environmental | Environmentally | Climate | Resource | Water | | Prevention | FYE March 2021 Environmental
Biodiversity
Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Chemical Substances Subject to Japan’s Pollutant Release Tokyo Office
and Transfer Register (PRTR) System: Amount Handled and Emissions
[Unit: kg/year]
Automotive Business Chemical Substance Amount Handled Atmosphere Emissions Water S A e m w o er unt Transf W er a re s d te C A on m s o u u m n e t d Rem P o r A o v m e ce d o s u t s h n in r t o g ugh R A e m cy o c u le n d t
Gunma Plant (Main Plant, Yajima Plant, Oizumi Plant, Subaru Test & Development Center (SKC)) Ethylbenzene 12,306 0 0 0 391 11,915 0 0
[Unit: kg/year, excluding dioxins (mg-TEQ/year)] Xylene 53,529 1 0 0 1,693 51,835 0 0
Chemical Substance Amount Handled A E tm m o is s s p io h n e s ric W ( a P t u e b r l ic E m Wa is t s e i r o s) ns Tr A a (S n m e s o w fe u e r n r r ) e t d Tr A an m s o fe u r n re t d C A on m s o u u m n e t d Rem P o r A o v m e ce d o s u t s h n in r t o g ugh R A e m cy o c u le n d t 1,3,5-Trimethylbenzene 9,263 0 0 0 391 8,872 0 0
Toluene 211,234 7 0 0 7,815 203,412 0 0
Water-soluble zinc compounds 12,346 0 173 0 0 12,173 0 0
1,2,4-Trimethylbenzene 41,344 0 0 0 1,400 39,944 0 0
Ethylbenzene 418,007 225,164 0 0 0 34,972 56,270 101,601
Benzene 6,670 1 0 0 195 6,474 0 0
Xylene 530,720 221,625 0 0 0 150,524 92,149 66,422
n-Hexane 19,338 5 0 0 326 19,007 0 0
1,2,4-Trimethylbenzene 221,158 1,040 0 0 0 220,119 0 0
13 0
1,3,5-Trimethylbenzene 27,725 15,346 0 0 0 1,654 6,160 4,566 Total 353,684 0 12,212 341,459 0 0
13
Toluene 640,589 211,753 0 0 0 306,222 58,732 63,882
Naphthalene 9,055 5,982 0 0 0 0 1,591 1,483
Nickel compounds 2,484 0 67 0 1,175 1,242 0 0
Bis(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate 5,857 0 0 0 117 5,740 0 0
Aerospace Company
Hydrogen fluoride and its water-soluble salts 5,560 0 5,060 0 0 500 0 0
[Unit: kg/year]
B n- e H n e z x e a n n e e 1 1 0 8 5 , , 7 3 2 4 6 1 3 6 4 2 7 0 0 0 0 0 0 10 18 4, , 9 66 94 5 0 0 0 0 Chemical Substance Amount Handled Atmosphere Emissions Water S A e m w o er unt Transf W er a re s d te C A on m s o u u m n e t d Rem P o r A o v m e ce d o s u t s h n in r t o g ugh R A e m cy o c u le n d t
Toluene 30,345 9,092 0 0 2,556 18,697 0 0
Formaldehyde 11,272 5,339 0 0 1,305 0 3,322 1,305
Xylene 2,909 893 0 0 295 1,721 0 0
2-ethoxyethyl acetate (also known as
1,469 1,389 0 0 0 5 23 52
ethylene glycol monoethyl ether acetate) Hexavalent chromium 2,158 0 0 0 1,158 549 450 0
Manganese and its compounds 3,901 0 102 0 1,798 2,000 0 0 Total 35,412 9,985 0 0 4,009 20,967 450 0
Dioxins
— 0.2688 — — 0 — — —
Unit: mg-TEQ/year
Cumene 4,985 3,004 0 0 0 0 1,125 857
Methylnaphthalene 11,190 56 0 0 0 11,134 0 0
691,107 5,402
Total 2,030,385 0 4,395 869,945 219,371 240,167
696,508
[TABLE] Emissions
[TABLE] Atmosphere | Water
[TABLE] Amount Transferred
[TABLE] Sewer | Waste
[TABLE] Emissions
[TABLE] Atmosphere | Water
[TABLE] Amount Transferred
[TABLE] Sewer | Waste

[PAGE 80]
079 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index 080 Respect for Human Rights 083 Quality: Automotive Business 086 Quality: Aerospace Business 088 Making Safe Vehicles 095 Human Resources 107 Customers Social 111 CSR Procurement 115 Community Engagement

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 079
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] 080 Respect for Human Rights 088 Making Safe Vehicles 111 CSR Procurement
Social
083 Quality: Automotive Business 095 Human Resources 115 Community Engagement
086 Quality: Aerospace Business 107 Customers

[PAGE 81]
080 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Respect for Human Rights The Subaru Group puts people first and engages in people- oriented manufacturing. Based on the belief that respect for the rights and characteristics of individuals is an important management issue for SUBARU, the Subaru Group established its “Human Rights Policy” in April 2020. In this policy, the Group respects the human rights stipulated in international norms such as the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR), International Covenants on Human Rights, and the ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. This policy was formulated with full consideration to stakeholders’ expectations, incorporating discussions with outside experts and overseas subsidiaries. It was officially established after approval by the second meeting of the CSR Committee for FYE March 2020 and reporting to the Board of Directors in March 2020. This policy is run globally and appropriately, being ready to address future environmental changes. Human Rights Policy Our Approach The Subaru Group, through its automotive and aerospace businesses, puts people first and engages in people- oriented manufacturing. Respect for the rights and characteristics of individuals is an important management issue for realizing Subaru’s corporate philosophy of promoting harmony between people, society, and the environment while contributing to the prosperity of society. Based on this policy, the Subaru Group clarifies its responsibilities to respect human rights based on the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. 1. Compliance with Laws and Regulations to Respect for Human Rights (Scope and Management Structure) • This policy applies to the Subaru Group worldwide–SUBARU CORPORATION and its all subsidiaries, expects and encourages our business partners and other stakeholders associated with our operations, including those in the supply chain, to respect human rights in accordance with this policy. To realize these goals, we have appointed Representative Director, President and CEO as a director who is responsible for leading the process of developing this Policy and assigning resources as needed for its implementation and continued improvement. (Related Laws and International Norms) • We will comply with the relevant laws and regulations of each country, and respect the human rights stipulated in international norms such as The Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR), International Covenants on Human Rights (International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, and International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights), and The ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. If the standards set forth in the international norms exceed those set forth in applicable law, we will aim to adhere to the international norms. 2. Implementation of Human Rights Due Diligence (Response to Human Rights Risks) • We will identify potential or actual human rights risks linked to our business and establish and continuously operate mechanisms to prevent or mitigate such risks. (Corrective Actions) • We will strive to remedy any adverse human rights impact that we have caused or are involved in. We will also establish and maintain our grievance mechanism to do so. (Training) • To ensure that this policy is understood and practiced by all the members of the Subaru Group, we conduct regular training and awareness-raising programs for executives, employees, and other stakeholders to respect for human rights. (Dialogue and Consultation) • We engage in dialogue and consultation with relevant stakeholders in order to improve our commitment to respect for human rights. (Information Disclosure) • We will annually report on our commitments and the actions we have taken to respect and promote human rights pursuant to this Policy. Principle of Respect for Human Rights Established in April 2020 Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 080
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | | CSR | Community
Customers
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Respect for Human Rights
Our Approach Human Rights Policy
The Subaru Group puts people first and engages in people-
oriented manufacturing. Based on the belief that respect for The Subaru Group, through its automotive and aerospace businesses, puts people first and engages in people-
oriented manufacturing.
the rights and characteristics of individuals is an important
Principle of Respect Respect for the rights and characteristics of individuals is an important management issue for realizing
management issue for SUBARU, the Subaru Group established
for Human Rights Subaru’s corporate philosophy of promoting harmony between people, society, and the environment while
its “Human Rights Policy” in April 2020. In this policy, the contributing to the prosperity of society. Based on this policy, the Subaru Group clarifies its responsibilities to
Group respects the human rights stipulated in international respect human rights based on the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.
norms such as the Universal Declaration of Human Rights
(UDHR), International Covenants on Human Rights, and the ILO
1. Compliance with Laws and Regulations to Respect for 2. Implementation of Human Rights Due Diligence
Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. This Human Rights (Response to Human Rights Risks)
policy was formulated with full consideration to stakeholders’ (Scope and Management Structure) • We will identify potential or actual human rights risks linked
expectations, incorporating discussions with outside experts • This policy applies to the Subaru Group worldwide–SUBARU to our business and establish and continuously operate
CORPORATION and its all subsidiaries, expects and mechanisms to prevent or mitigate such risks.
and overseas subsidiaries. It was officially established after
encourages our business partners and other stakeholders
approval by the second meeting of the CSR Committee for FYE
associated with our operations, including those in the supply (Corrective Actions)
March 2020 and reporting to the Board of Directors in March chain, to respect human rights in accordance with this policy. • We will strive to remedy any adverse human rights impact that
2020. This policy is run globally and appropriately, being ready To realize these goals, we have appointed Representative we have caused or are involved in. We will also establish and
to address future environmental changes. Director, President and CEO as a director who is responsible maintain our grievance mechanism to do so.
for leading the process of developing this Policy and assigning
resources as needed for its implementation and continued (Training)
improvement. • To ensure that this policy is understood and practiced by all the
members of the Subaru Group, we conduct regular training and
(Related Laws and International Norms) awareness-raising programs for executives, employees, and
• We will comply with the relevant laws and regulations of other stakeholders to respect for human rights.
each country, and respect the human rights stipulated in
international norms such as The Universal Declaration of Human (Dialogue and Consultation)
Rights (UDHR), International Covenants on Human Rights • We engage in dialogue and consultation with relevant
(International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural stakeholders in order to improve our commitment to respect
Rights, and International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights), for human rights.
and The ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights
at Work. If the standards set forth in the international norms (Information Disclosure)
exceed those set forth in applicable law, we will aim to adhere • We will annually report on our commitments and the actions we
to the international norms. have taken to respect and promote human rights pursuant to
this Policy.
Established in April 2020
[TABLE] The Subaru Group, through its automotive and aerospace businesses, puts people first and engages in people-
oriented manufacturing.
Principle of Respect Respect for the rights and characteristics of individuals is an important management issue for realizing
for Human Rights Subaru’s corporate philosophy of promoting harmony between people, society, and the environment while
contributing to the prosperity of society. Based on this policy, the Subaru Group clarifies its responsibilities to
respect human rights based on the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.
[TABLE] 1. Compliance with Laws and Regulations to Respect for 2. Implementation of Human Rights Due Diligence
Human Rights (Response to Human Rights Risks)
(Scope and Management Structure) • We will identify potential or actual human rights risks linked
• This policy applies to the Subaru Group worldwide–SUBARU to our business and establish and continuously operate
CORPORATION and its all subsidiaries, expects and mechanisms to prevent or mitigate such risks.
encourages our business partners and other stakeholders
associated with our operations, including those in the supply (Corrective Actions)
chain, to respect human rights in accordance with this policy. • We will strive to remedy any adverse human rights impact that
To realize these goals, we have appointed Representative we have caused or are involved in. We will also establish and
Director, President and CEO as a director who is responsible maintain our grievance mechanism to do so.
for leading the process of developing this Policy and assigning
resources as needed for its implementation and continued (Training)
improvement. • To ensure that this policy is understood and practiced by all the
members of the Subaru Group, we conduct regular training and
(Related Laws and International Norms) awareness-raising programs for executives, employees, and
• We will comply with the relevant laws and regulations of other stakeholders to respect for human rights.
each country, and respect the human rights stipulated in
international norms such as The Universal Declaration of Human (Dialogue and Consultation)
Rights (UDHR), International Covenants on Human Rights • We engage in dialogue and consultation with relevant
(International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural stakeholders in order to improve our commitment to respect
Rights, and International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights), for human rights.
and The ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights
at Work. If the standards set forth in the international norms (Information Disclosure)
exceed those set forth in applicable law, we will aim to adhere • We will annually report on our commitments and the actions we
to the international norms. have taken to respect and promote human rights pursuant to
this Policy.

[PAGE 82]
081 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The Subaru Group’s manufacturing is supported not only by our own factories, but also by an extremely large number of people working in the multilayered supply chains. We also have contact with a variety of people in areas such as marketing, sales, and after- sales service through distributors and dealers all over the world. In order to respect human rights, and the numerous irreplaceable lives of all those involved in the Subaru Group, we will actively address the following as priority issues identified so far. We will regularly review the priority issues in this Appendix based on changes in social demands, including laws and regulations, technical progress, and the business operations of the Subaru Group. (Respect for Rights to Human Life and Property) • In order to protect the basic rights of people and their families who interact with Subaru Group’s products and services, such as drivers, passengers, and pedestrians, we aim to eliminate all traffic accident deaths that involve Subaru vehicles. • We will promote the humanitarian use of the Subaru Group’s various products and services, including disaster relief, and strive to avoid nonhumane use. (Respect for Individuals, Diversity and Inclusion) • We value the unique characteristics of our employees, our business partners, and the members of the communities in which we operate and strive to create an environment of diversity and inclusion. • We will conduct our business activities with full respect for privacy, including protecting the personal information of not only our customers and employees, but also those involved with the Subaru Group. (Zero Tolerance for Discrimination and Harassment) • We do not tolerate any discrimination based on race, age, sex, gender identification or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ethnicity, religion, creed, profession, disability, family relations, or any other status protected by applicable law among all persons involved in the Subaru Group. Moreover, we do not tolerate any harassment that harms human dignity. • We will carefully consider potential human rights risks in our marketing and other communication activities, and do not tolerate expressions that are discriminatory or may adversely affect children. (Respect for the Workers’ Rights in Subaru Group and Encouraging Our Supply Chains) • We do not tolerate child labor, forced labor, slave labor, and human trafficking. • We do not expose young workers to hazardous work. • We will give due consideration to the human rights of foreign workers and migrant workers. • We respect freedom of association and the right to collective bargaining, which are fundamental workers’ rights. We are committed to engagement with employees to ensure a positive working environment. • We will maintain a worthwhile, safe, and hygienic working environment. • In order to promote the well-being of workers, we will pay appropriate wages more than the minimum and living wages, and manage working hours appropriately. • We expect and encourage our supply chains to respect the rights of workers. (Respect for the Rights of Vulnerable People in Local Communities) • We engage in responsible procurement practices including those related to conflict minerals. • We will give special consideration to respect for the human rights of women, children, disability, social minorities, ethnic minorities, indigenous peoples, and other vulnerable groups. (Contributions to Respect for Human Rights) • We will actively contribute to human rights protection worldwide through the Subaru Group’s corporate citizenship activities. Priority Human Rights Issues in Subaru Group’s Businesses SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines Human Rights Policy Appendix Established in April 2020 Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 081
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | | CSR | Community
Customers
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Human Rights Policy Appendix
The Subaru Group’s manufacturing is supported not only by our own factories, but also will actively address the following as priority issues identified so far.
Priority Human
by an extremely large number of people working in the multilayered supply chains. We We will regularly review the priority issues in this Appendix based on changes in social
Rights Issues in
also have contact with a variety of people in areas such as marketing, sales, and after- demands, including laws and regulations, technical progress, and the business operations
Subaru Group’s
sales service through distributors and dealers all over the world. In order to respect human of the Subaru Group.
Businesses
rights, and the numerous irreplaceable lives of all those involved in the Subaru Group, we
(Respect for Rights to Human Life and Property) (Zero Tolerance for Discrimination and Harassment) working environment.
• In order to protect the basic rights of people and their families • We do not tolerate any discrimination based on race, age, sex, • We will maintain a worthwhile, safe, and hygienic working
who interact with Subaru Group’s products and services, such as gender identification or expression, sexual orientation, national environment.
drivers, passengers, and pedestrians, we aim to eliminate all traffic origin, ethnicity, religion, creed, profession, disability, family • In order to promote the well-being of workers, we will pay
accident deaths that involve Subaru vehicles. relations, or any other status protected by applicable law among appropriate wages more than the minimum and living wages, and
• We will promote the humanitarian use of the Subaru Group’s all persons involved in the Subaru Group. Moreover, we do not manage working hours appropriately.
various products and services, including disaster relief, and strive tolerate any harassment that harms human dignity. • We expect and encourage our supply chains to respect the rights
to avoid nonhumane use. • We will carefully consider potential human rights risks in our of workers.
marketing and other communication activities, and do not tolerate
(Respect for Individuals, Diversity and Inclusion) expressions that are discriminatory or may adversely affect (Respect for the Rights of Vulnerable People in Local
• We value the unique characteristics of our employees, our children. Communities)
business partners, and the members of the communities in which • We engage in responsible procurement practices including those
we operate and strive to create an environment of diversity and (Respect for the Workers’ Rights in Subaru Group and related to conflict minerals.
inclusion. Encouraging Our Supply Chains) • We will give special consideration to respect for the human rights
• We will conduct our business activities with full respect for • We do not tolerate child labor, forced labor, slave labor, and of women, children, disability, social minorities, ethnic minorities,
privacy, including protecting the personal information of not only human trafficking. indigenous peoples, and other vulnerable groups.
our customers and employees, but also those involved with the • We do not expose young workers to hazardous work.
Subaru Group. • We will give due consideration to the human rights of foreign (Contributions to Respect for Human Rights)
workers and migrant workers. • We will actively contribute to human rights protection worldwide
• We respect freedom of association and the right to collective through the Subaru Group’s corporate citizenship activities.
bargaining, which are fundamental workers’ rights. We are
committed to engagement with employees to ensure a positive
SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines Established in April 2020
[TABLE] The Subaru Group’s manufacturing is supported not only by our own factories, but also will actively address the following as priority issues identified so far.
Priority Human
by an extremely large number of people working in the multilayered supply chains. We We will regularly review the priority issues in this Appendix based on changes in social
Rights Issues in
also have contact with a variety of people in areas such as marketing, sales, and after- demands, including laws and regulations, technical progress, and the business operations
Subaru Group’s
sales service through distributors and dealers all over the world. In order to respect human of the Subaru Group.
Businesses
rights, and the numerous irreplaceable lives of all those involved in the Subaru Group, we
[TABLE] (Respect for Rights to Human Life and Property) (Zero Tolerance for Discrimination and Harassment) working environment.
• In order to protect the basic rights of people and their families • We do not tolerate any discrimination based on race, age, sex, • We will maintain a worthwhile, safe, and hygienic working
who interact with Subaru Group’s products and services, such as gender identification or expression, sexual orientation, national environment.
drivers, passengers, and pedestrians, we aim to eliminate all traffic origin, ethnicity, religion, creed, profession, disability, family • In order to promote the well-being of workers, we will pay
accident deaths that involve Subaru vehicles. relations, or any other status protected by applicable law among appropriate wages more than the minimum and living wages, and
• We will promote the humanitarian use of the Subaru Group’s all persons involved in the Subaru Group. Moreover, we do not manage working hours appropriately.
various products and services, including disaster relief, and strive tolerate any harassment that harms human dignity. • We expect and encourage our supply chains to respect the rights
to avoid nonhumane use. • We will carefully consider potential human rights risks in our of workers.
marketing and other communication activities, and do not tolerate
(Respect for Individuals, Diversity and Inclusion) expressions that are discriminatory or may adversely affect (Respect for the Rights of Vulnerable People in Local
• We value the unique characteristics of our employees, our children. Communities)
business partners, and the members of the communities in which • We engage in responsible procurement practices including those
we operate and strive to create an environment of diversity and (Respect for the Workers’ Rights in Subaru Group and related to conflict minerals.
inclusion. Encouraging Our Supply Chains) • We will give special consideration to respect for the human rights
• We will conduct our business activities with full respect for • We do not tolerate child labor, forced labor, slave labor, and of women, children, disability, social minorities, ethnic minorities,
privacy, including protecting the personal information of not only human trafficking. indigenous peoples, and other vulnerable groups.
our customers and employees, but also those involved with the • We do not expose young workers to hazardous work.
Subaru Group. • We will give due consideration to the human rights of foreign (Contributions to Respect for Human Rights)
workers and migrant workers. • We will actively contribute to human rights protection worldwide
• We respect freedom of association and the right to collective through the Subaru Group’s corporate citizenship activities.
bargaining, which are fundamental workers’ rights. We are
committed to engagement with employees to ensure a positive

[PAGE 83]
082 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index We have appointed Representative Director, President and CEO as a director who is responsible for leading the process of developing the Policy and assigning resources as needed for its implementation and continued improvement. At the Sustainability Committee*, chaired by the Representative Director, President and CEO, we hold discussions on global human rights issues and initiatives. The results of these discussions are used in submissions and reports at the Board of Directors in order to take appropriate measures. * Renamed from “CSR Committee” in FYE March 2022. Initiatives Based on the belief that respect for the rights and characteristics of individuals is an important management issue for SUBARU, the CSR Committee decided to form the Human Rights Task Team in March 2019. The team was created in April 2019 and is comprised of members from the Human Resources Department, IR Department, Sustainability Promotion Department, and Procurement Planning Department. As a result of multiple discussions with outside experts and specialists, the Task Team formulated the Human Rights Policy in April 2020. It sets forth that the Subaru Group’s universal sense of purpose in acting for the good of people not only applies to our customers and employees, but also extends across the entire value chain. In consideration of this Human Rights Policy, the Subaru Group will continue managing its operations in line with respect for human rights. Activities to Raise Awareness of Human Rights We have been conducting SUBARU’s new employee training and manager training on the theme of diversity. In FYE March 2021, we held training for manager-class employees in SUBARU’s human resources departments and all employees in its procurement departments with the purpose of helping them obtain knowledge about business and human rights, a topic of substance for our businesses. Approximately 250 employees participated in this training, and when surveyed about the necessity of addressing human rights, almost all participants responded that they gained an understanding or a strong understanding of the concept. Human Rights Due Diligence The Subaru Group carries out human rights due diligence in accordance with the procedures stipulated in the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. In FYE March 2021, with cooperation from Lloyd’s Register Japan K.K., we identified and conducted impact assessments for human rights risks in the domains of human resources (Gunma Plant) and procurement (Automotive Business). Through workshops, interviews, factory inspections, and other activities with stakeholders in each domain, we identified a number of particularly key risks. In the human resources domain, we identified forced labor among foreign workers, as well as long working hours and occupational accidents. In the procurement domain, meanwhile, we identified human rights violations among suppliers, harassment of suppliers, and responsible mineral procurement (e.g., conflict minerals, cobalt). Going forward, we will continue to mitigate risks by steadily implementing measures to combat them. Preventing Harassment The Subaru Group regards the prevention of discrimination and harassment as important issues, and this is expressed in the Human Rights Policy. Seeking to prevent all forms of harassment, we prohibit such behavior in our work regulations, and it is also mentioned in the Conduct Guidelines and the Compliance Manual. We have prepared the Power Harassment Explanatory Booklet, and ensure that all SUBARU employees are aware of its contents. Also, we distribute the Power Harassment Prevention Handbook to all managers and supervisors, and make efforts to prevent harassment. We have set up a Compliance Hotline and a Harassment Advice Line internally and externally to accept requests for consultations regarding harassment, creating an environment in which all employees, including those at group companies, can receive advice. By creating a management system in which it is easy to seek advice, we encourage carefree consultations, and attempt to detect and resolve problems at an early stage. Management System Compliance Hotline Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 082
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | | CSR | Community
Customers
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Activities to Raise Awareness of Human Rights Preventing Harassment
Management System
We have been conducting SUBARU’s new employee training The Subaru Group regards the prevention of discrimination
We have appointed Representative Director, President and and manager training on the theme of diversity. In FYE March and harassment as important issues, and this is expressed
CEO as a director who is responsible for leading the process 2021, we held training for manager-class employees in in the Human Rights Policy. Seeking to prevent all forms of
of developing the Policy and assigning resources as needed SUBARU’s human resources departments and all employees in harassment, we prohibit such behavior in our work regulations,
for its implementation and continued improvement. At the its procurement departments with the purpose of helping them and it is also mentioned in the Conduct Guidelines and the
Sustainability Committee*, chaired by the Representative obtain knowledge about business and human rights, a topic of Compliance Manual. We have prepared the Power Harassment
Director, President and CEO, we hold discussions on global substance for our businesses. Approximately 250 employees Explanatory Booklet, and ensure that all SUBARU employees
human rights issues and initiatives. The results of these participated in this training, and when surveyed about the are aware of its contents.
discussions are used in submissions and reports at the Board of necessity of addressing human rights, almost all participants Also, we distribute the Power Harassment Prevention
Directors in order to take appropriate measures. responded that they gained an understanding or a strong Handbook to all managers and supervisors, and make efforts
understanding of the concept. to prevent harassment.
* Renamed from “CSR Committee” in FYE March 2022.
We have set up a Compliance Hotline and a Harassment
Initiatives Human Rights Due Diligence Advice Line internally and externally to accept requests for
The Subaru Group carries out human rights due diligence consultations regarding harassment, creating an environment
Based on the belief that respect for the rights and in accordance with the procedures stipulated in the United in which all employees, including those at group companies,
characteristics of individuals is an important management issue Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. can receive advice. By creating a management system in which
for SUBARU, the CSR Committee decided to form the Human In FYE March 2021, with cooperation from Lloyd’s Register it is easy to seek advice, we encourage carefree consultations,
Rights Task Team in March 2019. The team was created in April Japan K.K., we identified and conducted impact assessments and attempt to detect and resolve problems at an early stage.
2019 and is comprised of members from the Human Resources for human rights risks in the domains of human resources Compliance Hotline
Department, IR Department, Sustainability Promotion (Gunma Plant) and procurement (Automotive Business).
Department, and Procurement Planning Department. As Through workshops, interviews, factory inspections, and other
a result of multiple discussions with outside experts and activities with stakeholders in each domain, we identified
specialists, the Task Team formulated the Human Rights Policy a number of particularly key risks. In the human resources
in April 2020. It sets forth that the Subaru Group’s universal domain, we identified forced labor among foreign workers,
sense of purpose in acting for the good of people not only as well as long working hours and occupational accidents. In
applies to our customers and employees, but also extends the procurement domain, meanwhile, we identified human
across the entire value chain. rights violations among suppliers, harassment of suppliers,
In consideration of this Human Rights Policy, the Subaru and responsible mineral procurement (e.g., conflict minerals,
Group will continue managing its operations in line with cobalt). Going forward, we will continue to mitigate risks by
respect for human rights. steadily implementing measures to combat them.

[PAGE 84]
083 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Design and development Collection and analysis of after-sales information and quality improvements Collection and analysis of information on quality defects and requests received by dealerships and SUBARU Customer Center and prompt implementation of quality improvements Production (mass production) Distribution and sales Consideration given to preventing variability and standardization of tasks from the blueprint creation stage through to production processes Establishment of process management aimed at preventing quality defects and variability as well as implementation of strict quality inspections and testing Establishment of quality management system after shipment from production plant as well as system for dealerships, and inspections of dealerships Quality Management Cycle Quality: Automotive Business Quality is the foundation of “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind,” SUBARU’s core value, and delivering quality is one of our most fundamental responsibilities to our customers. Quality reforms are the most important theme in mid-term management vision “STEP,” and we are reviewing all business processes, from product planning and parts procurement by suppliers to production and shipping at our plants, and implementing reforms. To ensure that we become a company that resonates with and inspires trust in our customers, under the banner of our new quality policy, all employees are making “quality first” their slogan as they work hard to provide high-quality products and services that will impress customers. SUBARU has also established quality policies at affiliated companies in Japan and overseas in accordance with the business content of each company and regional characteristics, and affiliated companies practice quality control based on these policies. In FYE March 2021, we established the Quality Assurance Management Office to supervise quality assurance across the entire Subaru Group, including the Aerospace Company. The roles of this office will include developing and managing the Subaru Group’s organizational structure and systems required to assure quality, maintaining their effectiveness, and continually improving them Quality Management System 1. Establish Quality Management System (QMS) based on the Quality Policy and ISO9001 Standard and put it into practice for orderly and effective operations. 2. Aim to improve customer satisfaction by assuring that products will comply with both customer requirements and applicable statutory and regulatory requirements. 3. Strive to continually improve the QMS through operational improvements. With its QMS, SUBARU works to assure quality in each process from design and development to sales as well as creating a cycle to create even higher quality products. In addition, SUBARU strives to work through this cycle swiftly in order to meet customer needs without any delay. Our Approach Quality Policy At Subaru, quality is our highest priority as we earn the trust of our customers. 1. We will deliver long lasting products that our customers can use with peace of mind. 2. We will continually improve our products and services by always listening closely to our customer’s voice. 3. We will be a good corporate citizen in all markets where we do business by ensuring compliance with all internal rules, local laws, regulations and social norms. Revised in April 2019 Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 083
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | | CSR | Community
Customers
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Quality: Automotive Business
Our Approach established quality policies at affiliated companies in Japan Quality Management System
and overseas in accordance with the business content of each 1. Establish Quality Management System (QMS) based on the
Quality is the foundation of “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind,” company and regional characteristics, and affiliated companies Quality Policy and ISO9001 Standard and put it into practice
SUBARU’s core value, and delivering quality is one of our most practice quality control based on these policies. for orderly and effective operations.
fundamental responsibilities to our customers. Quality reforms In FYE March 2021, we established the Quality Assurance 2. Aim to improve customer satisfaction by assuring that
are the most important theme in mid-term management Management Office to supervise quality assurance across products will comply with both customer requirements and
vision “STEP,” and we are reviewing all business processes, the entire Subaru Group, including the Aerospace Company. applicable statutory and regulatory requirements.
from product planning and parts procurement by suppliers The roles of this office will include developing and managing 3. Strive to continually improve the QMS through operational
to production and shipping at our plants, and implementing the Subaru Group’s organizational structure and systems improvements.
required to assure quality, maintaining their effectiveness, and
reforms.
To ensure that we become a company that resonates with continually improving them With its QMS, SUBARU works to assure quality in each
and inspires trust in our customers, under the banner of our process from design and development to sales as well as
new quality policy, all employees are making “quality first” creating a cycle to create even higher quality products. In
their slogan as they work hard to provide high-quality products addition, SUBARU strives to work through this cycle swiftly in
and services that will impress customers. SUBARU has also order to meet customer needs without any delay.
Quality Policy Quality Management Cycle
Design and development Production (mass production) Distribution and sales
Consideration given to Establishment of process Establishment of quality
At Subaru, quality is our highest priority as we earn the trust of our customers. preventing variability and management aimed at management system after
standardization of tasks from the preventing quality defects shipment from production
blueprint creation stage through and variability as well as plant as well as system for
1. W e will deliver long lasting products that our customers can use with peace of mind. to production processes implementation of strict quality dealerships, and inspections of
2. W e will continually improve our products and services by always listening closely to inspections and testing dealerships
our customer’s voice.
3. W e will be a good corporate citizen in all markets where we do business by ensuring
compliance with all internal rules, local laws, regulations and social norms. Collection and analysis of after-sales information and quality improvements
Collection and analysis of information on quality defects and requests received by dealerships
and SUBARU Customer Center and prompt implementation of quality improvements
Revised in April 2019

[PAGE 85]
084 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Quality Improvement System Outside Japan Request for Assistance Request for Assistance Response Response Request for Assistance Response Feedback Feedback Feedback Feedback Report Report Report Report SUBARU Production Units Development Units Suppliers Inside Japan SUBARU has established a quality improvement system with the Quality Assurance Division at the heart of efforts in order to analyze after-sales quality defects and customer requests to realize higher-quality development and production. Based on customers’ opinions collected from around the world, SUBARU works with the relevant in-house departments and suppliers in identifying quality issues, investigating their cause, and planning countermeasures. In January 2021, we established FAST*, a North American quality improvement team where quality assurance and development units at local affiliated companies in the U.S. work together with service units at dealerships in the U.S. and Canada. By cutting across divisional borders and strengthening collaboration, we have been able to more rapidly and accurately obtain market information, launching activities to use these in resolving issues. * Fast Action & Solution Team Management System Structure of the FAST North American Quality Improvement Team Canadian dealerships (Subaru Canada, Inc.) FAST U.S. dealerships (Subaru of America, Inc.) Service function Service function Development units Quality assurance units Quality assurance units Development units Production units Subaru Research & Development, Inc. North American Subaru, Inc. Production units Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. SUBARU Stronger collaboration Stronger collaboration Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement Customer Customer Sales outside Japan Sales inside Japan Service function SUBARU Customer Center Quality Assurance Division Investigation into cause of quality issues/Analysis/Framing and deployment of countermeasures

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 084
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | | CSR | Community
Customers
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Management System Quality Improvement System
Outside SUBARU
Japan Report
SUBARU has established a quality improvement system with
the Quality Assurance Division at the heart of efforts in order
Feedback
to analyze after-sales quality defects and customer requests to Request for
Assistance Sales
realize higher-quality development and production. Based on
Customer outside
customers’ opinions collected from around the world, SUBARU Japan
Response Report
works with the relevant in-house departments and suppliers
Service
in identifying quality issues, investigating their cause, and Feedback function Quality Assurance Division
planning countermeasures.
Inside Investigation into cause of quality Suppliers
In January 2021, we established FAST*, a North American Japan Report issues/Analysis/Framing and
quality improvement team where quality assurance and deployment of countermeasures
development units at local affiliated companies in the U.S. Feedback
Request for
work together with service units at dealerships in the U.S. and Assistance Sales
Canada. By cutting across divisional borders and strengthening inside Report
Japan
collaboration, we have been able to more rapidly and Response
Feedback
accurately obtain market information, launching activities to
Customer
use these in resolving issues.
SUBARU
* Fast Action & Solution Team
Request for Customer
Assistance Center
Production Development
Units Units
Response
Structure of the FAST North American Quality Improvement Team
SUBARU
U.S. dealerships
Canadian dealerships (Subaru of Subaru Research & North American Quality Production
(Subaru Canada, Inc.) America, Inc.) Development, Inc. Subaru, Inc. Stronger assurance units units
collaboration
Development
units
FAST Service Service Development Quality Stronger
function function units assurance units collaboration
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
Production
units
[TABLE] Sales
inside
Japan | Feedback
Report
[TABLE] Canadian dealerships
(Subaru Canada, Inc.) | U.S. dealerships
(Subaru of
America, Inc.) | Subaru Research &
Development, Inc. | North American
Subaru, Inc.
[TABLE] Service
function | Service
function | Development
units | Quality
assurance units
[TABLE] Quality
assurance units | Production
units

[PAGE 86]
085 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Quality Control Training We provide quality training as part of our employee training program to enable employees to learn basic QC *1 and problem-solving techniques tailored to their year of entry into the company and their qualification requirements. Main curriculum for quality • Quality control training (Introduction/Intermediate/Advanced) • Lectures to foster quality awareness *1 QC: Quality control Global Quality Meeting Aiming to ensure that the customer-first mindset runs through our quality, SUBARU attaches great importance to dialogue with dealers, as they are responsible for dealing with customers across the globe. We participate in technical liaison meetings held twice a year for the Japanese market, while in overseas markets, we take part in twice-yearly main dealerships (G8) service meetings and block conferences held in six regions. *2 We take in the views of dealers expressed at these meetings to make decisions on the optimum means of addressing product issues that inconvenience our customers. (In FYE March 2021, these were held as web conferences both for Japan and overseas.) *2 Block conferences are held in a country in each of the six regions—the CIS, Central Europe, Northern Europe, Southern Europe, Oceania, and Central and South America. Their participants include representatives from dealerships and expatriates working in the region. Quality Caravan Since FYE March 2019, we have been holding an event called the Quality Caravan at all our business sites to inform participants of customer feedback and the quality status of SUBARU products. Our aim in doing so is to provide each and every employee with an accurate understanding of the current state of SUBARU and create an environment in which they are conscious of putting quality first at all times and approach their work in that mindset. In FYE March 2021, we also held online events to address COVID-19. In addition to employees, we also receive a large number of participants from suppliers. Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc., SUBARU’s production base in the U.S. has also been organizing events to raise global awareness of quality. Going forward, we will continue to engage in awareness activities, while enhancing the program and extending the duration, among other improvements. Response to Recalls SUBARU is taking measures to cope with recalls in order to prevent accidents and to protect customers. In the event of product defects that can infringe safety and the laws and regulations, SUBARU promptly establishes a committee structure of staff from departments involved in quality to investigate, and determines the specific details of our response based on the laws and regulations of each country. Moreover, SUBARU sends direct mails from our dealerships to affected customers to inform them that they can have their cars repaired free of charge. As of April 2021, SUBARU had no cases of violating laws and inhouse regulations in regard to information provision on quality and safety. Initiatives At the Global Quality Meeting At the Quality Caravan Number of Recalls and Improvements Number of Cases 2018 2019 2020 2021 Recalls *1 9 *4 11 13 *4 8 Corrective Action *2 1 1 1 0 Service Campaigns *3 3 6 3 6 Total 13 18 17 14 *1 Corrective action implemented by automobile manufacturers, etc. for a specific range of automobiles, or tires or child car seats, of a similar type to bring the product in question into compliance with the Safety Regulations for Road Vehicles when vehicles, etc. are in a condition that suggests that they may cease to conform or do not conform to those safety regulations, and when the cause for such non-conformity lies in the design of the vehicles, etc. or their manufacturing process. *2 Corrective action implemented by automobile manufacturers, etc. in respect of matters which, although not specified in the Safety Regulations for Road Vehicles, cannot be overlooked from a safety or environmental conservation perspective in the event that a defect should arise, where the cause lies in the design or manufacturing process. *3 Corrective action relating to merchantability/quality in respect of a defect that is not subject to a notification of recall or corrective action. *4 The figure includes one recall relating to Takata airbags, in which a recall notification was submitted on the basis of individual model. Recalls of SUBARU Cars (for Japan only) (FYE March) Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 085
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | | CSR | Community
Customers
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Response to Recalls
Initiatives participants of customer feedback and the quality status of
SUBARU products. Our aim in doing so is to provide each and SUBARU is taking measures to cope with recalls in order to
every employee with an accurate understanding of the current prevent accidents and to protect customers.
Quality Control Training
state of SUBARU and create an environment in which they are In the event of product defects that can infringe safety
We provide quality training as part of our employee training
conscious of putting quality first at all times and approach their and the laws and regulations, SUBARU promptly establishes
program to enable employees to learn basic QC*1 and
work in that mindset. In FYE March 2021, we also held online a committee structure of staff from departments involved in
problem-solving techniques tailored to their year of entry into
events to address COVID-19. In addition to employees, we also quality to investigate, and determines the specific details of our
the company and their qualification requirements.
receive a large number of participants from suppliers. Subaru response based on the laws and regulations of each country.
of Indiana Automotive, Inc., SUBARU’s production base in the Moreover, SUBARU sends direct mails from our dealerships to
Main curriculum for quality
U.S. has also been organizing events to raise global awareness affected customers to inform them that they can have their cars
• Q uality control training (Introduction/Intermediate/Advanced) of quality. repaired free of charge.
• Lectures to foster quality awareness Going forward, we will continue to engage in awareness As of April 2021, SUBARU had no cases of violating laws
*1 QC: Quality control activities, while enhancing the program and extending the and inhouse regulations in regard to information provision on
duration, among other improvements. quality and safety.
Global Quality Meeting
Recalls of SUBARU Cars (for Japan only)
Aiming to ensure that the customer-first mindset runs through
Number of Recalls and Improvements
our quality, SUBARU attaches great importance to dialogue (FYE March)
with dealers, as they are responsible for dealing with customers Number of Cases 2018 2019 2020 2021
across the globe. We participate in technical liaison meetings Recalls*1 9*4 11 13*4 8
held twice a year for the Japanese market, while in overseas Corrective Action*2 1 1 1 0
markets, we take part in twice-yearly main dealerships (G8)
Service Campaigns*3 3 6 3 6
service meetings and block conferences held in six regions.*2
We take in the views of dealers expressed at these meetings to Total 13 18 17 14
make decisions on the optimum means of addressing product *1 C orrective action implemented by automobile manufacturers, etc. for a specific range
issues that inconvenience our customers. (In FYE March 2021, these At the Global Quality Meeting of automobiles, or tires or child car seats, of a similar type to bring the product in
question into compliance with the Safety Regulations for Road Vehicles when
were held as web conferences both for Japan and overseas.) vehicles, etc. are in a condition that suggests that they may cease to conform or do
not conform to those safety regulations, and when the cause for such non-conformity
*2 B lock conferences are held in a country in each of the six regions—the CIS, Central
lies in the design of the vehicles, etc. or their manufacturing process.
Europe, Northern Europe, Southern Europe, Oceania, and Central and South
*2 C orrective action implemented by automobile manufacturers, etc. in respect of
America. Their participants include representatives from dealerships and
matters which, although not specified in the Safety Regulations for Road Vehicles,
expatriates working in the region. cannot be overlooked from a safety or environmental conservation perspective in
the event that a defect should arise, where the cause lies in the design or
Quality Caravan manufacturing process.
*3 C orrective action relating to merchantability/quality in respect of a defect that is
Since FYE March 2019, we have been holding an event not subject to a notification of recall or corrective action.
called the Quality Caravan at all our business sites to inform *4 T he figure includes one recall relating to Takata airbags, in which a recall
notification was submitted on the basis of individual model.
At the Quality Caravan
[TABLE] Number of Cases | 2018 | 2019 | 2020 | 2021
[TABLE] 9*4 | 11 | 13*4
[TABLE] 1 | 1 | 1
[TABLE] 3 | 6 | 3
[TABLE] 13 | 18 | 17

[PAGE 87]
086 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The Aerospace Company conducts SUBARU’s aerospace business and its production activities are based on its policy of “Giving Safety and Quality Top Priority.” Quality Management System Based on its policy of “Giving Safety and Quality Top Priority,” the Aerospace Company has built and acts under the quality management system that conforms to the latest JISQ9100:2016 quality management system requirements for Aviation, Space and Defense Organizations. In addition, it incorporated the Supplements to JISQ9100 (SJAC9068) that are independently and jointly established by the Japanese aerospace and defense industries in order to prevent improper occurrences related to quality. Quality Management Cycle SUBARU’s Aerospace Company strives for quality assurance in every process from the clarification of requirements through to manufacturing in order to create safe, reliable products. In addition, it has established and operates a quality management cycle to enhance customer satisfaction. At SUBARU’s Aerospace Company, the QMS Promotion Office maintains and promotes the quality management system (QMS), and also works on improving the system to enhance quality. The Quality Assurance Department promotes the following quality assurance activities covering product manufacture, repair, sales, and service, and rolls them out to relevant company departments and suppliers. • Gather customer feedback • Identify quality-related issues • Investigate the root causes • Formulate measures to deal with them Our Approach Management System Quality Management Cycle Quality Planning Improvement Monitoring, Analysis, and Evaluation Manufacturing, Inspection, and Testing Design and Development Management Personal Growth Customer feedback Contribution to the customer Compliance Safety and peace of mind Improvement cycle based on the perspective of self-criticism is operated at every stage, incorporating feedback from front-line sites, in order to improve customer satisfaction. Identification of special requirements through close communication with the customer. Planning, including consideration of risks. Review by a representative at each stage of design and development. Consideration of statutory and regulatory requirements, availability of parts and materials, etc. Implementation status and effectiveness checked via project meetings, internal audits, etc. Execution of work according to the plan. Specialist inspectors carry out inspections in predetermined processes. Recording of all manufacturing and inspection work. Quality: Aerospace Business Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 086
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | | CSR | Community
Customers
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Quality: Aerospace Business
Quality Management Cycle
Our Approach Management System
SUBARU’s Aerospace Company strives for quality assurance in
The Aerospace Company conducts SUBARU’s aerospace every process from the clarification of requirements through At SUBARU’s Aerospace Company, the QMS Promotion Office
business and its production activities are based on its policy of to manufacturing in order to create safe, reliable products. In maintains and promotes the quality management system
“Giving Safety and Quality Top Priority.” addition, it has established and operates a quality management (QMS), and also works on improving the system to enhance
cycle to enhance customer satisfaction. quality.
The Quality Assurance Department promotes the following
Quality Management System
Quality Management Cycle quality assurance activities covering product manufacture,
Based on its policy of “Giving Safety and Quality Top
Priority,” the Aerospace Company has built and acts under Customer feedback to C t o h n e t r c ib u u st t o io m n e r Compliance pe S a a c fe e t o y f a m nd in d repair, sales, and service, and rolls them out to relevant
company departments and suppliers.
the quality management system that conforms to the latest
JISQ9100:2016 quality management system requirements for • Gather customer feedback
Aviation, Space and Defense Organizations. Quality Planning • Identify quality-related issues
Identification of special
In addition, it incorporated the Supplements to JISQ9100 requirements through close • Investigate the root causes
(SJAC9068) that are independently and jointly established by c c o us m to m m u e n r ic . a P t l i a o n n n w in i g th , i t n h c e lu ding • Formulate measures to deal with them
the Japanese aerospace and defense industries in order to consideration of risks.
prevent improper occurrences related to quality.
Improvement Design and
Development
Improvement cycle based on
the perspective of Review by a representative at
self-criticism is operated at Management each stage of design and
every stage, incorporating development. Consideration
feedback from front-line sites, of statutory and regulatory
in order to improve customer requirements, availability of
satisfaction. parts and materials, etc.
Monitoring, Analysis, Manufacturing,
and Evaluation Inspection, and Testing
Implementation status and Execution of work according to
effectiveness checked via the plan. Specialist inspectors
project meetings, internal carry out inspections in
audits, etc. predetermined processes.
Recording of all manufacturing
and inspection work.
Personal Growth

[PAGE 88]
087 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The four rules In the work you are doing today, 1. Are there any rules (procedures, basics)? 2. Are you following the rules? 3. Is there any room for improvement? 4. Are you discussing with someone about workplace improvements? Quality Assurance Training We provide quality assurance training in each department as part of our employee training program. We also hold training programs aimed at cultivating experts in quality assurance. Four Rules Activity To bring happiness to our customers, to carry out our social responsibilities, and to achieve growth, each member of the Aerospace Company remains aware of our work rules (procedures, basics). When we find that the rules are difficult to follow, unclear, or out of step with the times, we all work together to improve them, rather than leaving the burden to one person. Through this activity, we strive to increase the quality of our work. Quality Month Events The Aerospace Company holds periodic quality meetings. They hold discussions regarding customer satisfaction and product quality from various aspects. Also, every November is designated as Quality Month. There are awards for employees who have contributed to improving quality, and distribution of pamphlets to educate all employees on quality. Also, we have established many kinds of systems such as the Improvement Proposal System, which aims to allow employees to display their creative abilities and build a culture of making improvements. Initiatives Major Education Training Programs Course Topic Target Frequency Quality Education Basic manners training for inspectors Inspectors Once a year Quality refresher training Mainly manufacturing employees Twice a year Human factor training Mainly employees in Civil Aeronautics Act certified workplaces Once a year Aeronautical safety training Mainly employees in Civil Aeronautics Act certified workplaces Once a year Education for employees in certified workplaces Mainly employees in Civil Aeronautics Act certified workplaces Once a year QMS consolidation training All employees Twice a year Basic Training for Inspectors New accreditation/ periodic renewal training Inspectors Upon accreditation / every 3 years Skills enhancement training for inspectors Inspectors Once a month Skills Training for Inspectors Techno-school Inspectors Ten times a year Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 087
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | | CSR | Community
Customers
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Four Rules Activity Quality Month Events
Initiatives
To bring happiness to our customers, to carry out our social The Aerospace Company holds periodic quality meetings.
Quality Assurance Training responsibilities, and to achieve growth, each member of They hold discussions regarding customer satisfaction and
the Aerospace Company remains aware of our work rules product quality from various aspects. Also, every November is
We provide quality assurance training in each department as
(procedures, basics). When we find that the rules are difficult designated as Quality Month. There are awards for employees
part of our employee training program. We also hold training
to follow, unclear, or out of step with the times, we all work who have contributed to improving quality, and distribution of
programs aimed at cultivating experts in quality assurance.
together to improve them, rather than leaving the burden to pamphlets to educate all employees on quality.
one person. Through this activity, we strive to increase the Also, we have established many kinds of systems such
Major Education Training Programs quality of our work. as the Improvement Proposal System, which aims to allow
employees to display their creative abilities and build a culture
Course Topic Target Frequency
of making improvements.
Basic manners Once
Inspectors The four rules
training for inspectors a year
Mainly
Quality refresher Twice
training manufacturing a year In the work you are doing today,
employees
1. Are there any rules (procedures, basics)?
Mainly employees
Human factor in Civil Aeronautics Once 2. Are you following the rules?
training Act certified a year
workplaces 3. Is there any room for improvement?
Quality
Education Mainly employees 4. Are you discussing with someone about workplace
Aeronautical safety in Civil Aeronautics Once
training Act certified a year improvements?
workplaces
Education Mainly employees
for employees in Civil Aeronautics Once
in certified Act certified a year
workplaces workplaces
QMS consolidation Twice
All employees
training a year
New accreditation/ Upon
periodic renewal Inspectors accreditation /
Basic Training training every 3 years
for Inspectors
Skills enhancement
Inspectors Once a month
training for inspectors
Skills Training Ten times
Techno-school Inspectors
for Inspectors a year
[TABLE] Course Topic | Target | Frequency
[TABLE] Basic manners
training for inspectors | Inspectors
[TABLE] Quality refresher
training | Mainly
manufacturing
employees
[TABLE] Human factor
training | Mainly employees
in Civil Aeronautics
Act certified
workplaces
[TABLE] Aeronautical safety
training | Mainly employees
in Civil Aeronautics
Act certified
workplaces
[TABLE] Education
for employees
in certified
workplaces | Mainly employees
in Civil Aeronautics
Act certified
workplaces
[TABLE] QMS consolidation
training | All employees
[TABLE] New accreditation/
periodic renewal
training | Inspectors
[TABLE] Skills enhancement
training for inspectors | Inspectors
[TABLE] Techno-school | Inspectors

[PAGE 89]
088 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Subaru Group believes that a car is more than just a means of transport, but rather a partner that enriches people’s lives by understanding and meeting their expectations. SUBARU’s DNA comes from our origin as an aircraft manufacturer, and has a focus on people. We think about what is important to people who use cars, and develop products with the necessary functions and performance. “Focus on people. Think about what is important to people who use cars. And create new value with cars.” We believe that this is what SUBARU-ness means. Having roots in the aircraft industry, we have, for more than half a century, consistently engaged in automotive manufacturing with maximum emphasis on safety performance, attaching particular importance to protecting lives in order to ensure that each and every one of our customers experiences “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind.” In our pursuit of vehicle safety performance from all perspectives, we are honing our unique safety technologies in the four areas of Primary Safety, Active Safety, Preventive Safety, and Passive Safety, plus Connected Safety, based on SUBARU’s overall safety philosophy, which focuses on delivering the world’s highest standard of safety and peace of mind for all passengers. In the future, we will further evolve this intelligence and combine advanced sensing technologies with the judgment capability of AI, improving safety in all situations. Our mid-term management vision “STEP” describes our efforts to enhance safety and peace of mind by setting a target of achieving zero fatal traffic accidents by 2030. *1 As such, we are engaged in the development of vehicles that will enable us to eliminate traffic accident deaths. *1 Reducing to zero the number of fatal accidents occurring while a driver or passenger in a SUBARU vehicle and the number of fatalities among pedestrians, cyclists, and the like arising from collisions with a SUBARU vehicle. SUBARU has four safety areas. Primary Safety involves design that allows for a good field of vision and does not make the driver or passengers feel tired. Active Safety is controllability that allows a driver to avoid an obstacle that is in front of them, and to continue driving after avoiding it. Preventive Safety refers to pre-crash breaking, as represented by EyeSight. And Passive Safety involves damage mitigation to protect the driver and passengers in the event that an accident does occur. By polishing these four safety areas, we intend to achieve a low rate of fatal traffic accidents in the real world. SUBARU’s intention does not lie in changing everything automatic, but in “Respect what humans are good at and leave what humans are not good at to automobiles for safe transportation.” With this idea, SUBARU has polished our driver assist technology. Going forward, the evolution of Advanced Driver Assistance System (ADAS) will make it possible to slow down and avoid collisions in high-speed zones and on large bends, which is expected to be of further assistance in preventing and mitigating accidents. At the same time, we still face an issue that around 30% of fatal accidents primarily caused by the no-fault accidents are expected to remain under the current situation. Facing these problems, SUBARU is aiming to achieve zero fatal traffic accidents by 2030 by applying our intelligence technologies in the fields of Primary Safety, Active Safety, Preventive Safety, and Passive Safety, plus Connected Safety. In order to further accelerate its new technology development, including safety technology and electrification for making products more environmentally friendly, SUBARU has changed its development systems based on SUBARU’s overall safety philosophy, which focuses on delivering the world’s highest standard of safety and peace of mind for all passengers. In this change, it has pivoted from a system based on functional organizations (e.g. vehicle bodies and power units) to an organic combination along value and functional axes. * For more details regarding SUBARU’s car manufacturing systems, please see Environmentally Friendly Automobiles: Management System. Our Approach Aiming for Zero Fatal Traffic Accidents by 2030 Management System Making Safe Vehicles Environmentally Friendly Automobiles: Management System Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 088
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | | CSR | Community
Customers
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Making Safe Vehicles
Our Approach Management System Aiming for Zero Fatal Traffic Accidents by 2030
Subaru Group believes that a car is more than just a means of In order to further accelerate its new technology development, SUBARU has four safety areas. Primary Safety involves design
transport, but rather a partner that enriches people’s lives by including safety technology and electrification for making that allows for a good field of vision and does not make the
understanding and meeting their expectations. products more environmentally friendly, SUBARU has changed driver or passengers feel tired. Active Safety is controllability
SUBARU’s DNA comes from our origin as an aircraft its development systems based on SUBARU’s overall safety that allows a driver to avoid an obstacle that is in front of them,
manufacturer, and has a focus on people. We think about what philosophy, which focuses on delivering the world’s highest and to continue driving after avoiding it. Preventive Safety
is important to people who use cars, and develop products standard of safety and peace of mind for all passengers. In refers to pre-crash breaking, as represented by EyeSight. And
with the necessary functions and performance. this change, it has pivoted from a system based on functional Passive Safety involves damage mitigation to protect the driver
“Focus on people. Think about what is important to people organizations (e.g. vehicle bodies and power units) to an organic and passengers in the event that an accident does occur. By
who use cars. And create new value with cars.” We believe that combination along value and functional axes. polishing these four safety areas, we intend to achieve a low
this is what SUBARU-ness means. * For more details regarding SUBARU’s car manufacturing systems, please see rate of fatal traffic accidents in the real world.
Having roots in the aircraft industry, we have, for more than Environmentally Friendly Automobiles: Management System. SUBARU’s intention does not lie in changing everything
half a century, consistently engaged in automotive manufacturing Environmentally Friendly Automobiles: Management System automatic, but in “Respect what humans are good at and
with maximum emphasis on safety performance, attaching leave what humans are not good at to automobiles for safe
particular importance to protecting lives in order to ensure that transportation.” With this idea, SUBARU has polished our
each and every one of our customers experiences “Enjoyment driver assist technology.
and Peace of Mind.” In our pursuit of vehicle safety performance Going forward, the evolution of Advanced Driver Assistance
from all perspectives, we are honing our unique safety System (ADAS) will make it possible to slow down and avoid
technologies in the four areas of Primary Safety, Active Safety, collisions in high-speed zones and on large bends, which is
Preventive Safety, and Passive Safety, plus Connected Safety, expected to be of further assistance in preventing and mitigating
based on SUBARU’s overall safety philosophy, which focuses on accidents. At the same time, we still face an issue that around
delivering the world’s highest standard of safety and peace of 30% of fatal accidents primarily caused by the no-fault accidents
mind for all passengers. In the future, we will further evolve this are expected to remain under the current situation.
intelligence and combine advanced sensing technologies with Facing these problems, SUBARU is aiming to achieve zero
the judgment capability of AI, improving safety in all situations. fatal traffic accidents by 2030 by applying our intelligence
Our mid-term management vision “STEP” describes our technologies in the fields of Primary Safety, Active Safety,
efforts to enhance safety and peace of mind by setting a target Preventive Safety, and Passive Safety, plus Connected Safety.
of achieving zero fatal traffic accidents by 2030.*1 As such, we
are engaged in the development of vehicles that will enable us
to eliminate traffic accident deaths.
*1 Reducing to zero the number of fatal accidents occurring while a driver or
passenger in a SUBARU vehicle and the number of fatalities among pedestrians,
cyclists, and the like arising from collisions with a SUBARU vehicle.

[PAGE 90]
089 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Achieving a Low Rate of Fatal Traffic Accidents in the U.S. and Japan From FYE March 2009 to FYE March 2020, we carried out an investigation on the number of fatal traffic accidents involving SUBARU cars sold in the U.S. and domestically in Japan. In the U.S., SUBARU cars have maintained a rate of fatal traffic accidents that is lower than the average for major selling brands in the U.S. for 12 consecutive years. *2 Domestically in Japan, SUBARU cars also Primary Safety SUBARU’s predecessor was an aircraft manufacturer. With aircraft, it is necessary to pursue “accident-free vehicle” design, as even a slight error in operation or judgement can cause a severe accident. Inheriting the philosophy of safety, SUBARU focuses on the primary design such as surface and operation, thereby we pursue clear, useful and comfortable space where the driver can concentrate on driving easily. Visibility Optimized for Every Condition Early detection of danger can help avoid accidents. SUBARU has concentrated efforts on minimizing blind spots and improving visibility even under difficult conditions such as driving in rain or at night. Optimal Driving Position Optimal driving position allows drivers to move naturally, reducing fatigue and helping to improve safety and comfort while driving. It also helps the driver to steer the car precisely for taking evasive action when the risk of an accident occurs. SUBARU’s cockpit is designed to be adjusted so that every driver can find their optimal driving position. Intuitive Interface Drivers can sometimes have a lapse in concentration when checking the navigation screen or adjusting the air conditioning. To prevent this from happening, SUBARU has designed an show a rate of fatal traffic accidents that is lower than the average for domestic auto manufacturers for 12 consecutive years. *2 These calculations were made independently based on data from the Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) of the U.S.and the Institute for Traffic Accident Research and Data Analysis (ITARDA) of Japan. EyeSight for 2030 (Japanese version only) Six Priority Areas for CSR: TOPICS 03 - Peace of Mind Initiatives (Number of accidents) 250 200 150 100 50 0 2010 2014 2012 2016 2018 2020 122 139 113 101 98 94 93 104 108 108 105 105 75 110 72 65 68 52 53 69 58 59 58 58 SUBARU Average of major brands sold in U.S. (FYE March) Calculated by SUBARU based on FARS data Fatal accident numbers per one million vehicles in last five years. (Number of accidents) 500 400 300 200 100 0 2010 2014 2012 2016 2018 2020 332 339 316 295 294 252 241 242 228 218 198 221 215 194 212 122 162 169 149 141 118 105 SUBARU Average of Japanese car manufacturers Calculated by SUBARU based on ITARDA data (including severe injuries) Fatal accident and severe injuries* per one million vehicles in last five years. (FYE March) Facts about Fatal Traffic Accidents in the U.S. Facts about Fatal Traffic Accidents in Japan Calculated by SUBARU based on FARS data Fatal accident numbers per one million vehicles in last five years. Average of 13 major brands sold in U.S., including SUBARU (excluding trucks and large SUVs) Calculated by SUBARU based on ITARDA data (including severe injuries) Fatal accident and severe injuries* per one million vehicles in last five years. Average of 8 Japanese car manufacturers, including SUBARU (including light vehicles but not trucks) * Fatal accidents: Incidences where the victim died within 24 hours of the initial event. Severe injuries: Includes general cases of severe injury. Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 089
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | | CSR | Community
Customers
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Achieving a Low Rate of Fatal Traffic Accidents in show a rate of fatal traffic accidents that is lower than the average Initiatives
the U.S. and Japan for domestic auto manufacturers for 12 consecutive years.
From FYE March 2009 to FYE March 2020, we carried out an *2 These calculations were made independently based on data from the Fatality Primary Safety
investigation on the number of fatal traffic accidents involving Analysis Reporting System (FARS) of the U.S.and the Institute for Traffic Accident
Research and Data Analysis (ITARDA) of Japan.
SUBARU cars sold in the U.S. and domestically in Japan. In the U.S., SUBARU’s predecessor was an aircraft manufacturer. With
SUBARU cars have maintained a rate of fatal traffic accidents that EyeSight for 2030 (Japanese version only) aircraft, it is necessary to pursue “accident-free vehicle” design,
is lower than the average for major selling brands in the U.S. for Six Priority Areas for CSR: TOPICS 03 - Peace of Mind as even a slight error in operation or judgement can cause a
12 consecutive years.*2 Domestically in Japan, SUBARU cars also severe accident. Inheriting the philosophy of safety, SUBARU
focuses on the primary design such as surface and operation,
Facts about Fatal Traffic Accidents in the U.S. Facts about Fatal Traffic Accidents in Japan thereby we pursue clear, useful and comfortable space where
(Number of accidents) (Number of accidents) the driver can concentrate on driving easily.
250 Calculated by SUBARU based on FARS data 500 Calculated by SUBARU based
Fatal accident numbers on ITARDA data (including severe injuries) Visibility Optimized for Every Condition
200 per one million vehicles in last five years. 400 Fatal accident and severe injuries*
Early detection of danger can help avoid accidents. SUBARU
per one million vehicles in last five years.
has concentrated efforts on minimizing blind spots and
150 139 300 339 332 295 294 improving visibility even under difficult conditions such as
122 316 252 241 242
100 113 101 98 94 93 104 108 108 105 105 200 228 218 driving in rain or at night.
110 215 221 212
194 198
Optimal Driving Position
50 75 72 65 68 52 53 69 58 59 58 58 100 122 162 169 149 141 118 105 Optimal driving position allows drivers to move naturally,
reducing fatigue and helping to improve safety and comfort
0 0
while driving. It also helps the driver to steer the car precisely
2010 2012 2014 2016 2018 2020(FYE March) 2010 2012 2014 2016 2018 2020(FYE March)
for taking evasive action when the risk of an accident occurs.
SUBARU Average of major brands sold in U.S. SUBARU Average of Japanese car manufacturers
SUBARU’s cockpit is designed to be adjusted so that every
Calculated by SUBARU based on FARS data Calculated by SUBARU based on ITARDA data (including severe injuries)
Fatal accident numbers per one million vehicles in last five years. Fatal accident and severe injuries* per one million vehicles in last five years. driver can find their optimal driving position.
Average of 13 major brands sold in U.S., including SUBARU (excluding trucks and Average of 8 Japanese car manufacturers, including SUBARU (including light vehicles
large SUVs) but not trucks)
* F atal accidents: Incidences where the victim died within 24 hours of the initial event. Intuitive Interface
Severe injuries: Includes general cases of severe injury.
Drivers can sometimes have a lapse in concentration when
checking the navigation screen or adjusting the air conditioning.
To prevent this from happening, SUBARU has designed an

[PAGE 91]
090 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index interface layout that is easy to use. For example, the navigation screen is placed so that the driver does not need to shift their line of vision too far, while the air conditioning system and audio controls use switches that allow for intuitive operation so that drivers do not have to take their eyes off the road. Technology: Primary Safety (Japanese version only) Active Safety For SUBARU, “driving” means more than simply delivering enjoyment. It is an important factor in increasing safety. To make it possible to avoid the situation safely if an accident occurs. To be able to drive safely in various weather conditions and road services, the same way as during normal conditions. SUBARU has fine-tuned all the basic functions of a vehicle—driving, turning and stopping—to develop vehicles that offer exceptional stability and predictable control in the most challenging conditions, which makes cars safer and more trustworthy. Driving Stability On the foundation of outstanding core performance, SUBARU tempers the body and suspension of its vehicles along with employing vehicle control devices that increase drivability, creating stable driving that provides peace of mind to drivers and passengers. Traceability Imagine being able to drive into a slippery corner on a snowy or rainy day without unpredictable car movement, turn exactly as intended through the corner, and head out of the corner smoothly. SUBARU includes a number of functions that make smooth cornering a reality. Braking Performance Braking performance is directly related to a car’s safety, particularly its hazard avoidance capabilities. SUBARU goes beyond polishing such performance, also placing great focus on peace of mind. Brakes that provide peace of mind work as predicted every time. SUBARU repeatedly tests in all environments and on all road surfaces in our quest to deliver brakes that are easy to operate regardless of weather and that react quickly at the critical moment. Technology: Active Safety (Japanese version only) Preventive Safety Our ultimate goal is to eliminate traffic accidents. To achieve this goal, SUBARU has spent more than 20 years developing driver assistance systems. The inexpensive and highly practical EyeSight has become widespread in markets around the world, pioneering advanced safety technology. Last year, EyeSight was reborn to help aid our goal of zero fatal traffic accidents in 2030. EyeSight Core Technology We have revamped our stereo cameras at the core of EyeSight's driver assistance. In this upgraded system, viewing angles are wider and image recognition is improved, giving it better-than-ever capabilities to distinguish cars, pedestrians, road lines, and other elements while driving. Also, thanks to improved control performance, driving SUBARU cars is now smoother and safer than ever before. Furthermore, with these new stereo cameras as a core driver and combined with four radar sensors on the front and rear of the vehicle, plus rear sonar, our system can monitor the car's entire surroundings. This offers support to drivers in a greater variety of situations and a higher level of safety. Collision Avoidance Support Our next-generation EyeSight system greatly expands the usable scope of pre-crash braking. Now, it helps drivers avoid collisions at intersections with a high incidence of traffic accidents. It protects drivers and passengers in tense situations on the road, like oncoming vehicles, crossing pedestrians, or crossing bicycles during a turn, or vehicles approaching from the front. Approximately 40% of vehicle-to-vehicle accidents occur in situations like these. We believe our system will significantly mitigate these traffic accidents. Reducing Operating Burden SUBARU believes that reducing operating burden leads to greater safety. In 2020, EyeSight X was born, an evolutionary advance from our EyeSight system. This new system combines high- precision 3D maps and satellite positional data to recognize road conditions well ahead of the vehicle, beyond the detection range of stereo cameras and radar. These high-precision 3D maps constitute an important element technology at the heart of next-generation driver assistance. SUBARU was one of the first among automotive companies to apply this technology and bring it to market. It helps reduce driver burden especially on long hauls, offering a luxurious touring experience. It does this through a variety of features, including speed control at optimal levels just before curves and toll booths, active lane change assistance, and assistance during traffic congestion, including hands-off and start-and-stop support. Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 090
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | | CSR | Community
Customers
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
interface layout that is easy to use. For example, the navigation Braking Performance Collision Avoidance Support
screen is placed so that the driver does not need to shift their Braking performance is directly related to a car’s safety, Our next-generation EyeSight system greatly expands the
line of vision too far, while the air conditioning system and audio particularly its hazard avoidance capabilities. SUBARU goes usable scope of pre-crash braking. Now, it helps drivers avoid
controls use switches that allow for intuitive operation so that beyond polishing such performance, also placing great collisions at intersections with a high incidence of traffic
drivers do not have to take their eyes off the road. focus on peace of mind. Brakes that provide peace of mind accidents. It protects drivers and passengers in tense situations
Technology: Primary Safety (Japanese version only) work as predicted every time. SUBARU repeatedly tests in all on the road, like oncoming vehicles, crossing pedestrians, or
environments and on all road surfaces in our quest to deliver crossing bicycles during a turn, or vehicles approaching from
Active Safety brakes that are easy to operate regardless of weather and that the front. Approximately 40% of vehicle-to-vehicle accidents
For SUBARU, “driving” means more than simply delivering react quickly at the critical moment. occur in situations like these. We believe our system will
enjoyment. It is an important factor in increasing safety. Technology: Active Safety (Japanese version only) significantly mitigate these traffic accidents.
To make it possible to avoid the situation safely if an
accident occurs. To be able to drive safely in various weather Preventive Safety Reducing Operating Burden
conditions and road services, the same way as during normal Our ultimate goal is to eliminate traffic accidents. To achieve SUBARU believes that reducing operating burden leads to
conditions. SUBARU has fine-tuned all the basic functions of a this goal, SUBARU has spent more than 20 years developing greater safety.
vehicle—driving, turning and stopping—to develop vehicles driver assistance systems. The inexpensive and highly practical In 2020, EyeSight X was born, an evolutionary advance
that offer exceptional stability and predictable control in the EyeSight has become widespread in markets around the world, from our EyeSight system. This new system combines high-
most challenging conditions, which makes cars safer and pioneering advanced safety technology. Last year, EyeSight was precision 3D maps and satellite positional data to recognize
more trustworthy. reborn to help aid our goal of zero fatal traffic accidents in 2030. road conditions well ahead of the vehicle, beyond the detection
range of stereo cameras and radar. These high-precision 3D
Driving Stability EyeSight Core Technology maps constitute an important element technology at the heart
On the foundation of outstanding core performance, SUBARU We have revamped our stereo cameras at the core of of next-generation driver assistance. SUBARU was one of the
tempers the body and suspension of its vehicles along with EyeSight's driver assistance. In this upgraded system, viewing first among automotive companies to apply this technology and
employing vehicle control devices that increase drivability, angles are wider and image recognition is improved, giving it bring it to market. It helps reduce driver burden especially on
creating stable driving that provides peace of mind to drivers better-than-ever capabilities to distinguish cars, pedestrians, long hauls, offering a luxurious touring experience. It does this
and passengers. road lines, and other elements while driving. Also, thanks to through a variety of features, including speed control at optimal
levels just before curves and toll booths, active lane change
improved control performance, driving SUBARU cars is now
assistance, and assistance during traffic congestion, including
Traceability smoother and safer than ever before. Furthermore, with these
hands-off and start-and-stop support.
Imagine being able to drive into a slippery corner on a snowy new stereo cameras as a core driver and combined with four
or rainy day without unpredictable car movement, turn exactly radar sensors on the front and rear of the vehicle, plus rear
as intended through the corner, and head out of the corner sonar, our system can monitor the car's entire surroundings.
smoothly. SUBARU includes a number of functions that make This offers support to drivers in a greater variety of situations
smooth cornering a reality. and a higher level of safety.

[PAGE 92]
091 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Support for Safe Driving We have introduced a new Driver Emergency Support System. If the driver's hands come off the steering wheel for a long time while Active Lane Keep is active, or when the system detects a distracted or drowsy driver while hands-off congestion driving assistance is active, it will warn the user. If the driver's hands stay off the steering wheel even after the warning, the system determines that an emergency situation is underway, activating hazard lights and the car horn to inform nearby vehicles of the situation and gradually slowing the vehicle to a stop. Improving Visibility We have created a digital Multi-View Monitor reducing the size of blind spots around the vehicle. By displaying high-resolution video on a 11.6-inch monitor, drivers are given clearer visual information in situations like when reversing, pulling over at a curb, and at intersections with poor visibility. We have improved the size and resolution for our digital Smart Rear- View Mirror, offering support for safer rear-view confirmation. Technology: Preventive Safety (Japanese version only) Passive Safety Since the time of “Subaru 360” when we launched mass production, SUBARU has positioned safety as one basic function that cars should have. Also, we have been performing our own original damage mitigation tests that include protecting pedestrians since the 1960s—a time before thinking regarding damage mitigation had yet to be fully instilled. SUBARU’s damage mitigation functions take into consideration not only the driver and passengers, but also pedestrians. They have received high evaluations both in Japan and around the world. New Ring-Shaped Reinforcement Frame SUBARU has a uniquely safe body design. In the cabin, the pillar and frame combine to form a “cage.” The purpose of this is to protect from deformation regardless of the angle from which the vehicle is struck. A relatively crushable zone is provided to disperse and absorb the shock of a powerful impact. This gives SUBARU vehicles high collision absorption performance against impacts from any direction. Front-end/Rear-end Collisions Even small components can become as deadly as weapons when receiving the powerful force of a collision. Based on that fact, SUBARU equips its vehicles with a horizontally-opposed engine, which has the advantage of being able to effectively absorb the energy from a collision. During a front-end collision, not only can it easily slip under the floor, but the frame that absorbs the shock can extend symmetrically as well as straight. Each component of the cabin is made of shock absorbing materials in order to protect lives. Front-end/Offset Collision/Rollover To protect the driver and passengers during a side collision, an extremely rigid side door beam is installed in the door. In addition to that, the new high-rigidity Ring-Shaped Reinforcement Frame protects the cabin space during a collision or rollover. Further, several kinds of airbags and energy absorption materials line the entire car, protecting every person inside the cabin. Protecting Pedestrians SUBARU strives to protect not only our drivers and passengers, but also pedestrians. For example, our horizontally-opposed engines have a wide energy absorption space between the front hood and engine unit. This reduces damage from being struck by the top of the hood, which is a highly probable head injury for pedestrians. Furthermore, our cars are designed to absorb the shock from components such as the hinge and hood stay. SUBARU’s four safety areas, which take into consideration all forms of safety, can be found in all of our designs and initiatives, such as becoming the first Japanese automobile manufacturer to install Pedestrian Protection Airbags. Safety Recognized around the World SUBARU’s damage mitigation features have received high evaluations in safety assessments from countries all around the world. Technology: Passive Safety (Japanese version only) Connected Safety We use connection technology and data based on SUBARU’s four safety areas of Primary Safety, Active Safety, Preventive Safety, and Passive Safety, and develop new technologies and services to further pursue safety. SUBARU’s mass market car models are equipped with the Driver Monitoring System, which attentively watches over the state of the driver. It detects when the driver looks away or shows signs of sleepiness, and sends an alert. Going forward, we will couple it with various controls. Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 091
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | | CSR | Community
Customers
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Support for Safe Driving New Ring-Shaped Reinforcement Frame energy absorption space between the front hood and engine
We have introduced a new Driver Emergency Support System. SUBARU has a uniquely safe body design. In the cabin, the unit. This reduces damage from being struck by the top of the
If the driver's hands come off the steering wheel for a long time pillar and frame combine to form a “cage.” The purpose of hood, which is a highly probable head injury for pedestrians.
while Active Lane Keep is active, or when the system detects a this is to protect from deformation regardless of the angle Furthermore, our cars are designed to absorb the shock from
distracted or drowsy driver while hands-off congestion driving from which the vehicle is struck. A relatively crushable zone components such as the hinge and hood stay. SUBARU’s four
assistance is active, it will warn the user. If the driver's hands is provided to disperse and absorb the shock of a powerful safety areas, which take into consideration all forms of safety,
stay off the steering wheel even after the warning, the system impact. This gives SUBARU vehicles high collision absorption can be found in all of our designs and initiatives, such as
determines that an emergency situation is underway, activating performance against impacts from any direction. becoming the first Japanese automobile manufacturer to install
hazard lights and the car horn to inform nearby vehicles of the Pedestrian Protection Airbags.
situation and gradually slowing the vehicle to a stop. Front-end/Rear-end Collisions
Safety Recognized around the World
Even small components can become as deadly as weapons
Improving Visibility when receiving the powerful force of a collision. Based on that SUBARU’s damage mitigation features have received high
We have created a digital Multi-View Monitor reducing the size fact, SUBARU equips its vehicles with a horizontally-opposed evaluations in safety assessments from countries all around
of blind spots around the vehicle. By displaying high-resolution engine, which has the advantage of being able to effectively the world.
video on a 11.6-inch monitor, drivers are given clearer visual absorb the energy from a collision. During a front-end collision, Technology: Passive Safety (Japanese version only)
information in situations like when reversing, pulling over not only can it easily slip under the floor, but the frame that
Connected Safety
at a curb, and at intersections with poor visibility. We have absorbs the shock can extend symmetrically as well as straight.
improved the size and resolution for our digital Smart Rear- Each component of the cabin is made of shock absorbing We use connection technology and data based on SUBARU’s
View Mirror, offering support for safer rear-view confirmation. materials in order to protect lives. four safety areas of Primary Safety, Active Safety, Preventive
Technology: Preventive Safety (Japanese version only) Safety, and Passive Safety, and develop new technologies and
Front-end/Offset Collision/Rollover services to further pursue safety. SUBARU’s mass market car
Passive Safety To protect the driver and passengers during a side collision, an models are equipped with the Driver Monitoring System, which
Since the time of “Subaru 360” when we launched mass extremely rigid side door beam is installed in the door. In addition attentively watches over the state of the driver. It detects when
production, SUBARU has positioned safety as one basic function to that, the new high-rigidity Ring-Shaped Reinforcement Frame the driver looks away or shows signs of sleepiness, and sends
that cars should have. Also, we have been performing our protects the cabin space during a collision or rollover. Further, an alert. Going forward, we will couple it with various controls.
own original damage mitigation tests that include protecting several kinds of airbags and energy absorption materials line the
pedestrians since the 1960s—a time before thinking regarding entire car, protecting every person inside the cabin.
damage mitigation had yet to be fully instilled. SUBARU’s
damage mitigation functions take into consideration not only the Protecting Pedestrians
driver and passengers, but also pedestrians. They have received SUBARU strives to protect not only our drivers and passengers,
high evaluations both in Japan and around the world. but also pedestrians.
For example, our horizontally-opposed engines have a wide

[PAGE 93]
092 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index SUBARU undergoes safety performance testing and assessment of public organizations in and out of Japan including JNCAP in Japan, IIHS *1 in the U.S., Euro NCAP *2 in Europe, and ANCAP *3 in Australia, and has gained the highest rank of assessment in most of them. In FYE March 2021, the new Levorg won the JNCAP Five Star Vehicle Safety Performance 2020 Award, the highest rating in the Japan New Car Assessment Program (JNCAP). *1 IIHS: The Insurance Institute for Highway Safety *2 Euro NCAP: European New Car Assessment Programme, a safety information disclosure program for automobiles in Europe *3 ANCAP: The Australasian New Car Assessment Program, a safety performance assessment program conducted since 1993 by an independent organization created by Australian and New Zealand transit authorities Car Assessments FYE March 2021 Commendations Assessed Automobiles Assessment Organization Assessment Levorg JNCAP, Japan JNCAP Best Award 2020 JNCAP Five Star Award 2020 2021 models of the Crosstrek Hybrid, Forester, Legacy, Outback, and Ascent (U.S. models only) IIHS, U.S. 2021 TSP+ award * 2021 models of the Impreza (sedan and 5-door), Crosstrek, and WRX (all with optional EyeSight and specific headlights) (U.S. models only) IIHS, U.S. 2021 TSP award * * In the IIHS’s publication of vehicle safety information, TOP SAFETY PICK (TSP) award is given to vehicles that earned the rating of “Good” in all test results including the Offset Frontal Test, the Driver-side Small Overlap Front Test, the Passenger-side Small Overlap Front Test, the Side Crash Test, the Rear Impact Test and the Rollover Test and the rating of “Acceptable” or higher in the Headlight Evaluation, as well as the rating of “Advanced” or higher in the vehicle-to-vehicle and vehicle-to-pedestrian tests. In addition to these ratings, vehicles which have been installed the headlights which earned the rating of “Acceptable” or higher in the Headlight Evaluation as a standard equipment are awarded the TOP SAFETY PICK+ (TSP+). Since its founding, the core of the Subaru Group, an organization with roots in the aircraft industry, has been to put people first and to engage in people-oriented manufacturing. We believe that safety is the most critical basic function for cars. Since the launch of Subaru 360 more than half a century ago, we have passed this belief on as an element of our company DNA, making relentless efforts in every era to perfect the most essential functions of a car—driving, turning, and stopping—reflected in our unique engineering know-how, including all-around safety performance. Looking to the future, SUBARU will continue to engage in automotive manufacturing with a philosophy of “All-Around Safety” and maximum emphasis on safety performance. SINCE 1917 Ensuring Safety for Pilots Our DNA of Safety is Inherited from Aircraft Development At the core of SUBARU’s safety development expertise lie traits acquired from developing aircrafts. With aircraft, the implementation of ideas and countermeasures within the vehicle’s basic structure prevents the onset of danger. One indispensable safety feature of aircrafts is the ability for the pilot to be able to secure an all-around unobstructed line of sight. This approach to safety has not diminished even after SUBARU moved into automobile manufacturing. Safety Is Our DNA Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 092
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | | CSR | Community
Customers
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Car Assessments FYE March 2021 Commendations Safety Is Our DNA
Assessment
Assessed Automobiles Assessment
Organization
SUBARU undergoes safety performance testing and assessment Since its founding, the core of the Subaru Group, an organization
of public organizations in and out of Japan including JNCAP in with roots in the aircraft industry, has been to put people first and
Japan, IIHS*1 in the U.S., Euro NCAP*2 in Europe, and ANCAP*3 JNCAP Best Award 2020 to engage in people-oriented manufacturing. We believe that
Levorg
in Australia, and has gained the highest rank of assessment in JNCAP Five Star Award 2020 safety is the most critical basic function for cars. Since the launch
most of them. of Subaru 360 more than half a century ago, we have passed this
JNCAP, Japan
In FYE March 2021, the new Levorg won the JNCAP Five belief on as an element of our company DNA, making relentless
Star Vehicle Safety Performance 2020 Award, the highest rating efforts in every era to perfect the most essential functions of a
2021 models of the
in the Japan New Car Assessment Program (JNCAP). car—driving, turning, and stopping—reflected in our unique
Crosstrek Hybrid, 2021 TSP+ award*
*1 IIHS: The Insurance Institute for Highway Safety Forester, Legacy, engineering know-how, including all-around safety performance.
*2 Euro NCAP: European New Car Assessment Programme, a safety information Outback, and Ascent (U.S. models only)
Looking to the future, SUBARU will continue to engage in
disclosure program for automobiles in Europe IIHS, U.S.
*3 ANCAP: The Australasian New Car Assessment Program, a safety performance automotive manufacturing with a philosophy of “All-Around
assessment program conducted since 1993 by an independent organization 2021 models of the Safety” and maximum emphasis on safety performance.
created by Australian and New Zealand transit authorities Impreza (sedan and
5-door), Crosstrek, and
2021 TSP award*
WRX (all with optional SINCE 1917
EyeSight and specific (U.S. models only) Ensuring Safety for Pilots
headlights) IIHS, U.S.
Our DNA of Safety is Inherited from Aircraft Development
* In the IIHS’s publication of vehicle safety information, TOP SAFETY PICK (TSP) At the core of SUBARU’s safety development expertise lie
award is given to vehicles that earned the rating of “Good” in all test results
including the Offset Frontal Test, the Driver-side Small Overlap Front Test, the traits acquired from developing aircrafts. With aircraft, the
Passenger-side Small Overlap Front Test, the Side Crash Test, the Rear Impact implementation of ideas and countermeasures within the
Test and the Rollover Test and the rating of “Acceptable” or higher in the
Headlight Evaluation, as well as the rating of “Advanced” or higher in the vehicle’s basic structure prevents the onset of danger. One
vehicle-to-vehicle and vehicle-to-pedestrian tests. In addition to these ratings, indispensable safety feature of aircrafts is the ability for the pilot
vehicles which have been installed the headlights which earned the rating of
“Acceptable” or higher in the Headlight Evaluation as a standard equipment are to be able to secure an all-around unobstructed line of sight.
awarded the TOP SAFETY PICK+ (TSP+). This approach to safety has not diminished even after SUBARU
moved into automobile manufacturing.
[TABLE] Assessed Automobiles | Assessment
Organization | Assessment
[TABLE] JNCAP, Japan
[TABLE] (U.S. models only)
IIHS, U.S.
[TABLE] (U.S. models only)
IIHS, U.S.

[PAGE 94]
093 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index SINCE 1960 Ensuring Safety for Drivers Going ahead of the Times: Developing a Vehicle Body for Collision Safety Based on All-Around Safety Subaru 360 had played an important role in expanding the popularization of automobiles during the period of high economic development. SUBARU has dedicated itself to developing vehicle bodies for collision safety following the principle of All-Around Safety–effectively absorbing shock from collisions in all directions and protecting the driver and passengers with a cabin structure of robust strength–since that period. SUBARU pushed forward independent research on car body structure and how it affects human body, and pursued superior collision safety technologies ahead of the times. SINCE 1970 Ensuring Safe Driving, Turning, and Braking Developing Proprietary Technologies for Enhanced Driving Safety Fundamental automobile performance in terms of driving, turning, and braking differs significantly depending on the location of the center of gravity and the type of drive train. A low center of gravity and a drive train that delivers power to all of the wheels give constant stability when driving. In 1966, we launched the Subaru 1000—a FWD vehicle with a horizontally-opposed engine—and, in 1972, the 4WD Subaru Leone. Since that time, SUBARU has continued to pursue safe and stable driving performance with our proprietary technologies. IN THE 1980s & 1990s Ensuring Safety for Drivers and Passengers Legacy Launched. Development of Driving Assistance Systems Our flagship Legacy model set a world speed record in January 1989 for 100,000 km of continuous driving, demonstrating both reliable driving performance and mechanical endurance. Furthermore, SUBARU commercialized Active Driving Assist (ADA), a driving assistance system using stereo cameras which was the predecessor of our current EyeSight technology. IN THE 2000s & 2010s Ensuring Safety for Everyone Commercialized EyeSight Made the Latest Advanced Safety Features Standard Equipment on All Vehicles SUBARU commercialized our EyeSight technology, featuring stereo cameras constantly surveying the area forward of the vehicle and warnings and pre-crash braking functions for mitigating damage from accidents. In 2017, we began fitting vehicles with the new Touring Assist function, extending the minimum speed at which Lane Keep Assist can operate from 60 km/h to 0 km/h. Moving forward, SUBARU is engaging in development for even more leading-edge technologies. SGP (SUBARU GLOBAL PLATFORM) Six Priority Areas for CSR: TOPICS 01 - People-oriented Car Culture FROM THE 2020s Next-Generation EyeSight, EyeSight X Six Priority Areas for CSR: TOPICS 01 - People-oriented Car Culture Subaru 360 Subaru 1000 AWD 4WD Subaru Leone Horizontally-opposed engine (Boxer engine) Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 093
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | | CSR | Community
Customers
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
SINCE 1960 SINCE 1970 IN THE 1980s & 1990s
Ensuring Safety for Drivers Ensuring Safe Driving, Turning, and Braking Ensuring Safety for Drivers and Passengers
Going ahead of the Times: Developing a Vehicle Body for Developing Proprietary Technologies for Enhanced Legacy Launched. Development of Driving Assistance Systems
Collision Safety Based on All-Around Safety Driving Safety
Our flagship Legacy model set a world speed record in January
Subaru 360 had played an important role in expanding the Fundamental automobile performance in terms of driving,
1989 for 100,000 km of continuous driving, demonstrating
popularization of automobiles during the period of high turning, and braking differs significantly depending on the
both reliable driving performance and mechanical endurance.
economic development. SUBARU has dedicated itself to location of the center of gravity and the type of drive train. A
Furthermore, SUBARU commercialized Active Driving Assist
developing vehicle bodies for collision safety following the low center of gravity and a drive train that delivers power to all
(ADA), a driving assistance system using stereo cameras which
principle of All-Around Safety–effectively absorbing shock of the wheels give constant stability when driving.
was the predecessor of our current EyeSight technology.
from collisions in all directions and protecting the driver and In 1966, we launched the Subaru 1000—a FWD vehicle with
passengers with a cabin structure of robust strength–since that a horizontally-opposed engine—and, in 1972, the 4WD Subaru
IN THE 2000s & 2010s
period. SUBARU pushed forward independent research on car Leone. Since that time, SUBARU has continued to pursue
Ensuring Safety for Everyone
body structure and how it affects human body, and pursued safe and stable driving performance with our proprietary
Commercialized EyeSight
superior collision safety technologies ahead of the times. technologies.
Made the Latest Advanced Safety Features Standard
Equipment on All Vehicles
SUBARU commercialized our EyeSight technology, featuring
stereo cameras constantly surveying the area forward of the
vehicle and warnings and pre-crash braking functions for
mitigating damage from accidents. In 2017, we began fitting
vehicles with the new Touring Assist function, extending the
Horizontally-opposed
minimum speed at which Lane Keep Assist can operate from
engine (Boxer engine)
60 km/h to 0 km/h.
Moving forward, SUBARU is engaging in development for
even more leading-edge technologies.
AWD
SGP (SUBARU GLOBAL PLATFORM)
Six Priority Areas for CSR: TOPICS 01 - People-oriented Car Culture
Subaru 360
FROM THE 2020s
4WD Subaru Leone Subaru 1000 Next-Generation EyeSight, EyeSight X
Six Priority Areas for CSR: TOPICS 01 - People-oriented Car Culture

[PAGE 95]
094 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index In recent years, reduction of CO2 emissions has become a major environmental issue on a global basis, and this also encompasses aircraft. At the same time, electrification has garnered attention as a way to reduce environmental burdens. The Aerospace Company is active as a Steering Committee member of the Electrification Challenge for Aircraft (ECLAIR) Consortium, spearheaded by the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA), a national research and development agency. The Company has also formulated a future vision for the electrification of aircraft and created a technology roadmap with the goal of developing electrification technology that will drastically reduce environmental burdens, such as CO2 emissions. Also, with the “Roadmap toward Air Mobility Revolution” announced by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry in December of 2018, Japan is increasing its momentum for a major advancement toward the development of flying cars. However, it is necessary to generate rules, including a great deal of legislation, to ensure traffic safety in the sky. SUBARU is proposing a public and private sector conference to consider the creations of these rules. Also, drones are seeing a remarkable rise in use recently. To further improve safety for these and other aircraft, we are working with the New Energy and Industrial Technology Development Organization (NEDO), a national research and development agency, and four other organizations. Also, we succeeded in a flight demonstration for our technology that allows unmanned aircraft to automatically avoid danger, even in times of emergency. The test was conducted off the coast of Mikawa Bay in 2019, with cooperation from Aichi Prefecture, Toyokawa City, and Tahara City. Going forward, SUBARU will continue working on initiatives to ensure the safety of airspaces and to reduce its environmental burden. Flight demonstration for unmanned aircraft Initiatives in the Aerospace Business Test of technology that allows unmanned aircraft to automatically avoid danger (Japanese version only) Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement Cooperation Bringing together other fields Practical applications outside the aviation field Electrification Challenge for Aircraft (ECLAIR) Consortium Steering Committee Members IHI Corporation Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd. Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry SUBARU CORPORATION Hitachi, Ltd. MITSUBISHI HEAVY INDUSTRIES AERO ENGINES, LTD. Mitsubishi Electric Corporation Observers Japan Aircraft Development Corporation, ALL JAPAN AIR TRANSPORT AND SERVICE ASSOSIATION CO., LTD.; The Society of Japanese Aerospace Companies; Civil Aviation Bureau of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism; New Energy and Industrial Technology Development Organization; The University of Tokyo; Air Systems Research Center of the Acquisition, Technology & Logistics Agency; Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology Industry + Academia + Government x Next Generation Aeronautical Innovation Hub Center (JAXA Aeronautical Technology Directorate) Aviation industry •Planning and development of aircraft •Electrification of small aircraft •Electrification of equipment JAXA •Electric propulsion system •Aerodynamics, structure, controls •Surface and flight tests Electric aircraft industry, material and components industry, others •Electrification components (batteries, power electronics, motors) •Peripheral technology •Electrification of passenger planes Ultra-low fuel consumption, Reduction of CO2 emissions Achievement of emission-free aircraft © 2020 JAXA, All Rights Reserved

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 094
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | | CSR | Community
Customers
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
cars. However, it is necessary to generate rules, including a succeeded in a flight demonstration for our technology that
Initiatives in the Aerospace Business
great deal of legislation, to ensure traffic safety in the sky. allows unmanned aircraft to automatically avoid danger,
In recent years, reduction of CO2 emissions has become a SUBARU is proposing a public and private sector conference even in times of emergency. The test was conducted off the
major environmental issue on a global basis, and this also to consider the creations of these rules. coast of Mikawa Bay in 2019, with cooperation from Aichi
encompasses aircraft. At the same time, electrification Also, drones are seeing a remarkable rise in use recently. Prefecture, Toyokawa City, and Tahara City. Going forward,
has garnered attention as a way to reduce environmental To further improve safety for these and other aircraft, we SUBARU will continue working on initiatives to ensure the
burdens. The Aerospace Company is active as a Steering are working with the New Energy and Industrial Technology safety of airspaces and to reduce its environmental burden.
Committee member of the Electrification Challenge Development Organization (NEDO), a national research and
for Aircraft (ECLAIR) Consortium, spearheaded by the development agency, and four other organizations. Also, we
Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA), a national
• Electrification of passenger planes
research and development agency. The Company has Ultra-low fuel consumption, Reduction
of CO2 emissions
also formulated a future vision for the electrification of Electrification Achievement of emission-free aircraft
aircraft and created a technology roadmap with the goal Cooperation
Challenge for Aircraft
of developing electrification technology that will drastically Bringing together
other fields (ECLAIR) Consortium
reduce environmental burdens, such as CO2 emissions.
Also, with the “Roadmap toward Air Mobility Revolution”
Aviation industry
Steering Committee Members
announced by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry • Planning and development of
aircraft IHI Corporation
in December of 2018, Japan is increasing its momentum Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency
Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd.
for a major advancement toward the development of flying Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry • Electrification of small aircraft
SUBARU CORPORATION • Electrification of equipment
Hitachi, Ltd.
JAXA MITSUBISHI HEAVY INDUSTRIES AERO ENGINES, LTD.
• Electric propulsion system Mitsubishi Electric Corporation
• Aerodynamics, structure,
Observers
controls
• Surface and flight tests Japan Aircraft Development Corporation, ALL JAPAN AIR
TRANSPORT AND SERVICE ASSOSIATION CO., LTD.; The Society
of Japanese Aerospace Companies; Civil Aviation Bureau of the
Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism; New
Energy and Industrial Technology Development Organization;
The University of Tokyo; Air Systems Research Center of the
Acquisition, Technology & Logistics Agency; Ministry of Education,
Culture, Sports, Science and Technology
Electric aircraft industry, material
and components industry, others Industry + Academ x ia + Government
• Electrification components (batteries, Next Generation Aeronautical
power electronics, motors) Innovation Hub Center Practical applications
• Peripheral technology (JAXA Aeronautical Technology Directorate)
outside the aviation field
Flight demonstration for unmanned aircraft
Test of technology that allows unmanned aircraft to automatically avoid © 2020 JAXA, All Rights Reserved
danger (Japanese version only)

[PAGE 96]
095 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Our Approach to Human Resource Development In order to achieve its mid-term management vision “STEP,” SUBARU emphasizes helping each employee to voluntarily take on new challenges and to independently develop their careers. In talent development, we focus on the growth of the individual, offering them better opportunities for them to independently develop their careers, providing chances for learning that are in keeping with their own desired outcomes, and organically combining these with job rotation and other human resource policies. Through the growth of the individual, we enhance the appeal of the SUBARU brand as we continue to boost the Group’s corporate value. Our Approach In order to achieve its mid-term management vision “STEP,” SUBARU focuses on the growth of the individual, utilizing the talent development tools of challenge-oriented personnel systems, personnel rotation, and educational programs. In addition, SUBARU’s affiliated companies in Japan and overseas promote initiatives in accordance with the business domain of each company and regional characteristics. Regular Reviews and Career Development Through the operation of the personnel system, each employee’s job outcomes and performance levels for skills are objectively evaluated. In addition, under the goal management system, all SUBARU employees have an interview four times a year (for goal setting, interim confirmation, outcome confirmation, and evaluation sharing) and the supervisors and subordinates agree on the challenges necessary for growth. Both men and women are treated appropriately and there is no gender gap in the basic salary. Training Programs SUBARU offers a wide range of learning opportunities so that all employees can develop their skills in accordance with their career plans and levels. In order to support employee career development, we are introducing new programs in FYE March 2022, establishing a system and environment so that we, as a company, support the growth of the individual. Human Resource Development Training and Education Human Resources Sharing Philosophy* Career Training* Career Support* Business Skill Development Support* Globally Focused Talent Development Managerial Talent Development Rank-specific Programs Self-development Support Manager Class Philosophy sharing program Career management training Business skill development support programs Mindset/ Communication/ Language skills Programs for selected staff Newly appointed personnel training Training at each business site/Official certification support Mid-level/ Regular Employee Age-specific career training New Hires New employee training (after starting official employment) New employee training (before starting official employment) Structure of Training Programs * New Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 095
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | | CSR | Community
Customers
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Human Resources
Regular Reviews and Career Development
Human Resource Development Training and Education
Through the operation of the personnel system, each
Our Approach to Human Resource Development Our Approach employee’s job outcomes and performance levels for skills are
objectively evaluated. In addition, under the goal management
In order to achieve its mid-term management vision “STEP,” In order to achieve its mid-term management vision “STEP,”
system, all SUBARU employees have an interview four times
SUBARU emphasizes helping each employee to voluntarily SUBARU focuses on the growth of the individual, utilizing the
a year (for goal setting, interim confirmation, outcome
take on new challenges and to independently develop their talent development tools of challenge-oriented personnel
confirmation, and evaluation sharing) and the supervisors and
careers. In talent development, we focus on the growth of systems, personnel rotation, and educational programs.
subordinates agree on the challenges necessary for growth.
the individual, offering them better opportunities for them to In addition, SUBARU’s affiliated companies in Japan and
Both men and women are treated appropriately and there
independently develop their careers, providing chances for overseas promote initiatives in accordance with the business
is no gender gap in the basic salary.
learning that are in keeping with their own desired outcomes, domain of each company and regional characteristics.
and organically combining these with job rotation and other
Training Programs
human resource policies. Through the growth of the individual,
we enhance the appeal of the SUBARU brand as we continue SUBARU offers a wide range of learning opportunities so that
to boost the Group’s corporate value. all employees can develop their skills in accordance with their
career plans and levels. In order to support employee career
development, we are introducing new programs in FYE March
2022, establishing a system and environment so that we, as a
company, support the growth of the individual.
Structure of Training Programs
Business Skill
Sharing Career Training* Globally Focused Managerial Talent Rank-specific Self-development
Development
Philosophy* Career Support* Talent Development Development Programs Support
Support*
Career
Manager
Class management Programs for Training at
training
Business skill Mindset/ selected staff Newly appointed each business
Philosophy
development Communication/ personnel site/Official
sharing program
support programs Language skills training certification
Mid-level/
Age-specific support
Regular
career training
Employee
New employee training (after starting official employment)
New Hires
New employee training (before starting official employment)
* New
[TABLE] Manager
Class
[TABLE] Mid-level/
Regular
Employee
[TABLE] New Hires

[PAGE 97]
096 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Philosophy Sharing Program This program helps individual employees gain a deeper understanding of SUBARU’s vision and the value it offers, helping them share a sense of togetherness with SUBARU through mutual dialogue between employees. It is designed to enable employees to independently be mindful of and act toward achievement of SUBARU’s vision. Career Training and Career Support Career training is offered to employees as an opportunity for them to come face-to-face with their potential career paths so that they can develop their own careers independently. We also offer career management training and career consultations for managers so that employees’ workplaces and superiors can support their career development. Business Skill Development Support Programs All employees, from managers to general staff, are offered a choice of various business skills development support programs in accordance with their level and goals. In skills development, we encourage employee independence and their voluntary selection of programs in accordance with their career plans and their own strengths and weaknesses. In addition, by actively utilizing public courses held at external institutions, employees gain more contact points outside the company and gain new awareness, providing opportunities to learn more about the outside. Globally Focused Talent Development In addition to improving language skills, we encourage employees to develop a wide range of capabilities with the goal of acquiring cross-cultural collaboration and leadership skills with a view to playing an active role on the global stage. Managerial Talent Development SUBARU offers training for selected mid-level and manager class employees with the aim of continually fostering the next generation of managerial talent. Initiatives to Transfer Skills The purpose of transferring skills at SUBARU is to create talent who have comprehensive abilities to adapt to change, standardize and sustain that standardization, and envision continuous improvement, and who can create high-quality products with safety and efficiency. At the Gunma Plant, we are systematically cultivating technicians based on a program of skills education. In April 2021, we introduced a new basic training program that condenses the vocational training school and STS education programs previously available to employees. 294 employees attended courses in this program. National Skills Competition The National Skills Competition is designed to cultivate talent with advanced technical skills and who can lead in the workplace. Each year, SUBARU employees compete to be the best in Japan in three categories—lathes, plastic molding, and automobile sheet metal. For about three years from when they join the company, competitors strive to hone their skills, concentration, and endurance in daily training so that they can do their best at this national competition. Automobile sheet metal Award winners at the 2020 national competition New basic training Plastic molding Lathe work * At SUBARU Technical School, employees engage in specialized practical training and courses according to their occupation. Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 096
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | | CSR | Community
Customers
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Philosophy Sharing Program Managerial Talent Development National Skills Competition
This program helps individual employees gain a deeper SUBARU offers training for selected mid-level and manager The National Skills Competition is designed to cultivate
understanding of SUBARU’s vision and the value it offers, class employees with the aim of continually fostering the next talent with advanced technical skills and who can lead in the
helping them share a sense of togetherness with SUBARU generation of managerial talent. workplace.
through mutual dialogue between employees. It is designed Each year, SUBARU employees compete to be the best
to enable employees to independently be mindful of and act Initiatives to Transfer Skills in Japan in three categories—lathes, plastic molding, and
toward achievement of SUBARU’s vision. The purpose of transferring skills at SUBARU is to create automobile sheet metal. For about three years from when
talent who have comprehensive abilities to adapt to change, they join the company, competitors strive to hone their skills,
Career Training and Career Support standardize and sustain that standardization, and envision concentration, and endurance in daily training so that they can
Career training is offered to employees as an opportunity for continuous improvement, and who can create high-quality do their best at this national competition.
them to come face-to-face with their potential career paths so products with safety and efficiency.
that they can develop their own careers independently. We At the Gunma Plant, we are systematically cultivating
also offer career management training and career consultations technicians based on a program of skills education. In April
for managers so that employees’ workplaces and superiors can 2021, we introduced a new basic training program that
support their career development. condenses the vocational training school and STS education
programs previously available to employees. 294 employees
Business Skill Development Support Programs attended courses in this program.
All employees, from managers to general staff, are offered
* At SUBARU Technical School, employees engage in specialized practical training
a choice of various business skills development support and courses according to their occupation.
programs in accordance with their level and goals. In skills Lathe work Plastic molding
development, we encourage employee independence and
their voluntary selection of programs in accordance with their
career plans and their own strengths and weaknesses. In
addition, by actively utilizing public courses held at external
institutions, employees gain more contact points outside the
company and gain new awareness, providing opportunities to
learn more about the outside.
New basic training
Globally Focused Talent Development
In addition to improving language skills, we encourage Automobile sheet metal Award winners at the 2020 national
competition
employees to develop a wide range of capabilities with the
goal of acquiring cross-cultural collaboration and leadership
skills with a view to playing an active role on the global stage.

[PAGE 98]
097 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Our Approach For the Subaru Group to continue offering customers the unique value of the SUBARU brand, SUBARU employees need to be able to exert their unique talents informed by their own personal values and characteristics. This is why SUBARU values the differences in gender, nationality, culture, and lifestyle among its employees and strives to create workplace environments where everyone can make a meaningful contribution. In addition, SUBARU’s affiliated companies in Japan and overseas promote initiatives in accordance with the business domain of each company and regional characteristics. Management System The Diversity Promotion Office of SUBARU’s Human Resources Department leads the efforts of the Subaru Group in relation to diversity. The office has designated “supporting female employees to take on more active roles,” “promoting the employment of people with disabilities,” “promoting the reemployment of post-retirement age workers,” and “promoting the recruitment of non-Japanese workers” as priority themes. Among them, SUBARU has placed particular emphasis on efforts to support and empower female employees. Initiatives Empowerment of Female Employees SUBARU is promoting initiatives for the empowerment of female employees, mainly by supporting employees in their efforts to balance work and childcare and in their pursuit of career development. SUBARU set itself the target of increasing the number of female managers by five times the 2014 level in 2020, and achieved this goal in 2019, a year ahead of schedule. SUBARU is further strengthening its efforts aimed at developing female managers by setting a new target to increase the number of female managers to two times or more the 2021 level by 2025. To support career development, SUBARU has conducted a wide range of initiatives, including the mentor system and the career development training for female team leaders. We believe that sharing development plans with supervisors of female employees is indispensable for the career development of female employees, and we provide opportunities for the supervisors to discuss such plans with human resources personnel. Recently in FYE March 2020, sessions to share development plans were held for general managers in all development-related departments, where the participants confirmed the promotion of a training-based development policy. In FYE March 2021, we introduced a new career vision training program for female employees in their 20s to foster career awareness among women at an early stage of their careers. Going forward, we will continue to further strengthen our efforts to create a workplace environment in which they can plan their own career paths and make a meaningful contribution on a level playing field. Second Action Plan based on the Act on Promotion of Female Participation and Advancement in the Workplace (Japanese version only) 11 employees have returned to work at SUBARU using this system. Employment of People with Disabilities SUBARU strives to create workplace environments in which people with disabilities can truly shine. To achieve this goal, SUBARU leverages the ideas and opinions of our employees with disabilities and their family members. As of April 2021, SUBARU has 306 employees with disabilities, mainly engaged in manufacturing work, and the percentage of employees with disabilities is 2.36% *1. In FYE March 2021, we also held training programs for supervisors in departments where people with disabilities are employed, and for personnel in charge of hiring people with disabilities at our affiliates in Japan. These programs helped instill a better understanding of the importance of hiring people with disabilities and their particular characteristics, as well as key points on labor management and other information. Supporting Reemployment SUBARU has also established a reemployment support system for employees who resigned for reasons beyond their control, such as the relocation of their spouse. From the introduction of the system in 2009 to March 2021, Diversity Employment of People with Disabilities April 2017 April 2018 April 2019 April 2020 April 2021 Number of employees with disabilities (person)* 261 269 280 291 306 Employment rate of people with disabilities (%) 2.17 2.28 2.30 2.30 2.36 * According to the method of calculation specified in Act on Employment Promotion etc. of Persons with Disabilities, one person with severe disabilities is counted as two persons with disabilities. The height of automatic door switches and work stations is set at a level that is convenient for those using wheelchairs Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement Status of Female Employees (Non-consolidated) FYE March 2021 Proportion of female employees 7.2% Proportion of female managers 1.9%  (Breakdown) General managers and equivalent positions 1.3% Managers and equivalent positions 2.1% Supporting Balance between Work and Childcare *1 Including the number of employees with disabilities at SUBARU’s specified subsidiary company.

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 097
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | | CSR | Community
Customers
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Diversity strengthening its efforts aimed at developing female managers 11 employees have returned to work at SUBARU using this system.
by setting a new target to increase the number of female
managers to two times or more the 2021 level by 2025. Employment of People with Disabilities
Our Approach
To support career development, SUBARU has conducted a wide SUBARU strives to create workplace environments in which
For the Subaru Group to continue offering customers the unique
range of initiatives, including the mentor system and the career people with disabilities can truly shine. To achieve this goal,
value of the SUBARU brand, SUBARU employees need to be
development training for female team leaders. We believe that SUBARU leverages the ideas and opinions of our employees
able to exert their unique talents informed by their own personal
sharing development plans with supervisors of female employees is with disabilities and their family members.
values and characteristics. This is why SUBARU values the
indispensable for the career development of female employees, and As of April 2021, SUBARU has 306 employees with
differences in gender, nationality, culture, and lifestyle among its
we provide opportunities for the supervisors to discuss such plans disabilities, mainly engaged in manufacturing work, and the
employees and strives to create workplace environments where
with human resources personnel. Recently in FYE March 2020, percentage of employees with disabilities is 2.36%*1.
everyone can make a meaningful contribution.
sessions to share development plans were held for general managers In FYE March 2021, we also held training programs for
In addition, SUBARU’s affiliated companies in Japan and
in all development-related departments, where the participants supervisors in departments where people with disabilities are
overseas promote initiatives in accordance with the business
confirmed the promotion of a training-based development policy. In employed, and for personnel in charge of hiring people with
domain of each company and regional characteristics.
FYE March 2021, we introduced a new career vision training program disabilities at our affiliates in Japan. These programs helped
for female employees in their 20s to foster career awareness among instill a better understanding of the importance of hiring
Management System
women at an early stage of their careers. Going forward, we will people with disabilities and their particular characteristics,
The Diversity Promotion Office of SUBARU’s Human Resources continue to further strengthen our efforts to create a workplace as well as key
Department leads the efforts of the Subaru Group in relation to environment in which they can plan their own career paths and points on labor
diversity. The office has designated “supporting female make a meaningful contribution on a level playing field. management and
employees to take on more active roles,” “promoting the
Second Action Plan based on the Act on Promotion of Female Participation and other information.
employment of people with disabilities,” “promoting the Advancement in the Workplace (Japanese version only)
reemployment of post-retirement age workers,” and “promoting
Status of Female Employees (Non-consolidated)
the recruitment of non-Japanese workers” as priority themes.
FYE March 2021 The height of automatic door switches and work stations is
Among them, SUBARU has placed particular emphasis on efforts Proportion of female employees 7.2% set at a level that is convenient for those using wheelchairs
to support and empower female employees. Proportion of female managers 1.9% *1 I ncluding the number of employees with disabilities at SUBARU’s specified
(Breakdown) General managers and 1.3% subsidiary company.
equivalent positions
Initiatives
Managers and
equivalent positions 2.1% Employment of People with Disabilities
Empowerment of Female Employees
Supporting Balance between Work and Childcare April April April April April
SUBARU is promoting initiatives for the empowerment of female 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
employees, mainly by supporting employees in their efforts to balance Supporting Reemployment Number of employees 261 269 280 291 306
with disabilities (person)*
work and childcare and in their pursuit of career development. SUBARU has also established a reemployment support system Employment rate of
SUBARU set itself the target of increasing the number of female for employees who resigned for reasons beyond their control, people with disabilities 2.17 2.28 2.30 2.30 2.36
(%)
managers by five times the 2014 level in 2020, and achieved such as the relocation of their spouse. * A ccording to the method of calculation specified in Act on Employment Promotion
etc. of Persons with Disabilities, one person with severe disabilities is counted as two
this goal in 2019, a year ahead of schedule. SUBARU is further From the introduction of the system in 2009 to March 2021,
persons with disabilities.
[TABLE] FYE March 2021
[TABLE] General managers and
equivalent positions
[TABLE] Managers and
equivalent positions
[TABLE] April
2017 | April
2018 | April
2019 | April
2020 | April
2021
[TABLE] 261 | 269 | 280 | 291
[TABLE] 2.17 | 2.28 | 2.30 | 2.30

[PAGE 99]
098 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Universal Design Initiatives In order to ensure compliance with the Guidelines for the Creation of Comfortable Working Environment*2, SUBARU makes improvements to the working environment, work methods, environmental facilities and others in an organized and planned manner. We also proactively adopt universal design for our facilities, aiming to make the breakrooms, restrooms, smoking areas and cafeterias barrier-free, thereby providing all employees with comfortable workplaces. SUBARU has adopted universal design for the entry/exit gates, restrooms and other facilities of the West Main Building of the Gunma Plant, as was done at the head office. *2 “Guidelines for the Creation of Comfortable Working Environment” as stated in the Industrial Safety and Health Act of Japan Specified Subsidiary Company SUBARU BLOOM Co., Ltd. SUBARU BLOOM Co., Ltd. (SBC) proactively employs people with disabilities. As of April 2021, 79 employees and 19 instructors engage in the cleaning service provided by SBC to SUBARU’s dormitories and plants. As a company proactively employing people with disabilities, SBC has registered with the “Supporter Company for Employment of People with Disabilities” program implemented by Gunma Prefecture’s Department of Employment Support for People with Disabilities. In FYE March 2021, SBC widely accepted study visits by local people and also introduced its initiatives to those in charge of the employment of students by companies at two neighboring special education schools. In November, SBC received the Organization Chairman’s Effort Award from the Japan Organization for Employment of the Elderly, Persons with Disabilities and Job Seekers (JEED), in recognition of being a special subsidiary employing the highest number of people with disabilities in Gunma Prefecture. This achievement was made possible by the company’s business activities and support from affiliated organizations. SBC will continue to expand its network for the employment of people with disabilities while working to stabilize the management of the company and improve its operational quality. As a company that helps individual employees to “bloom like flowers,” SBC will strive for the stability of management, foster employment, and make local contributions. only help energize employees and senior citizens with valuable skills, but to also be tailored to individuals with a variety of capabilities and support their active participation. We operate our programs so that all those who want to be reemployed can work for SUBARU and other Group companies. The number of rehired employees (aged 60 or older) in FYE March 2021 was 447. Employment of Non-Japanese Employees SUBARU employs non-Japanese new graduates and mid-career workers as regular and temporary employees regardless of their nationality. In order to help non-Japanese employees to deepen their understanding of their work, we prepare our safety and quality policy-related documents, work manuals, and other documents in multiple languages. At the Gunma Plant, where we employ a particularly large number of non-Japanese employees, we have stationed interpreters in English, Portuguese, Tagalog, Spanish, Chinese and other languages at each of the facilities to foster communication between Japanese and non-Japanese employees. Moreover, we provide Japanese employees with opportunities to receive language training and engage in overseas training, thereby helping them to enhance their Reemployment of Retirees SUBARU has implemented its Subaru Business Staff Program and Subaru Partner Program after revising its re-employment programs for employees after retiring at the mandatory age of 60. This revision and these programs are designed to not Entry/exit gates through which people in wheelchairs can also pass (West Main Building, Gunma Plant) Parking for wheelchair users (West Main Building, Gunma Plant) (Persons) 500 400 300 200 100 0 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 415 376 377 461 447 (FYE March) Number of Employees Aged 60 and Older Certificate of Supporter Company for Employment of People with Disabilities issued by Gunma Prefecture Reemployment Rate (Non-consolidated) FYE March Retirees (Persons) Applicants for Reemployment (Persons) Reemployed (Persons) Reemployment Rate 2017 114 98 98 (29) * 100 2018 108 83 83 (21) 100 2019 107 86 86 (27) 100 2020 164 130 130 (40) 100 2021 97 72 72 (19) 100 * Figures within parentheses indicate the number of rehired employees at Group companies. Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 098
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | | CSR | Community
Customers
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Universal Design Initiatives neighboring special education schools. In November, SBC Reemployment Rate (Non-consolidated)
In order to ensure compliance with the Guidelines for the received the Organization Chairman’s Effort Award from the FYE Retirees Applicants for Reemployed Reemployment
Reemployment
March (Persons) (Persons) Rate
Creation of Comfortable Working Environment*2, SUBARU Japan Organization for Employment of the Elderly, Persons with (Persons)
2017 114 98 98 (29)* 100
makes improvements to the working environment, work Disabilities and Job Seekers (JEED), in recognition of being a
2018 108 83 83 (21) 100
methods, environmental facilities and others in an organized and special subsidiary employing the highest number of people with
2019 107 86 86 (27) 100
planned manner. We also proactively adopt universal design disabilities in Gunma Prefecture. This achievement was made
2020 164 130 130 (40) 100
for our facilities, aiming to make the breakrooms, restrooms, possible by the company’s business activities and support from
2021 97 72 72 (19) 100
smoking areas and cafeterias barrier-free, thereby providing all affiliated organizations. SBC will continue
* F igures within parentheses indicate the number of rehired employees at Group
employees with comfortable workplaces. to expand its network for the employment
companies.
SUBARU has adopted universal design for the entry/exit of people with disabilities while working to
gates, restrooms and other facilities of the West Main Building stabilize the management of the company only help energize employees and senior citizens with valuable
of the Gunma Plant, as was done at the head office. and improve its operational quality. As a skills, but to also be tailored to individuals with a variety of
*2 “Guidelines for the Creation of Comfortable Working Environment” as stated in company that helps individual employees capabilities and support their active participation. We operate
the Industrial Safety and Health Act of Japan to “bloom like flowers,” SBC will strive our programs so that all those who want to be reemployed can
for the stability of management, foster work for SUBARU and other Group companies.
employment, and make local contributions. Certificate of Supporter The number of rehired employees (aged 60 or older) in FYE
Company for Employment
of People with Disabilities March 2021 was 447.
issued by Gunma Prefecture
Reemployment of Retirees Employment of Non-Japanese Employees
Entry/exit gates through which people in wheelchairs Parking for wheelchair users (West Main SUBARU has implemented its Subaru Business Staff Program SUBARU employs non-Japanese new graduates and mid-career
can also pass (West Main Building, Gunma Plant) Building, Gunma Plant)
and Subaru Partner Program after revising its re-employment workers as regular and temporary employees regardless of
Specified Subsidiary Company SUBARU BLOOM Co., Ltd. programs for employees after retiring at the mandatory age their nationality.
SUBARU BLOOM Co., Ltd. (SBC) proactively employs people of 60. This revision and these programs are designed to not In order to help non-Japanese employees to deepen their
with disabilities. As of April 2021, 79 employees and 19 understanding of their work, we prepare our safety and quality
Number of Employees Aged 60 and Older
instructors engage in the cleaning service provided by SBC to policy-related documents, work manuals, and other documents
(Persons)
SUBARU’s dormitories and plants. As a company proactively in multiple languages. At the Gunma Plant, where we employ a
500
employing people with disabilities, SBC has registered with 461 447 particularly large number of non-Japanese employees, we have
400 415
the “Supporter Company for Employment of People with 376 377 stationed interpreters in English, Portuguese, Tagalog, Spanish,
Disabilities” program implemented by Gunma Prefecture’s 300 Chinese and other languages at each of the facilities to foster
Department of Employment Support for People with Disabilities. 200 communication between Japanese and non-Japanese employees.
In FYE March 2021, SBC widely accepted study visits by Moreover, we provide Japanese employees with
100
local people and also introduced its initiatives to those in opportunities to receive language training and engage in
0
charge of the employment of students by companies at two overseas training, thereby helping them to enhance their
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 (FYE March)
[TABLE] FYE
March | Retirees
(Persons) | Applicants for
Reemployment
(Persons) | Reemployed
(Persons) | Reemployment
Rate
[TABLE] 114 | 98 | 98 (29)*
[TABLE] 108 | 83 | 83 (21)
[TABLE] 107 | 86 | 86 (27)
[TABLE] 164 | 130 | 130 (40)

[PAGE 100]
099 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Central Health and Safety Committee Head Office Health and Safety Committee Tokyo Office Health and Safety Committee Gunma Plant Health and Safety Committee Aerospace Company Health and Safety Committee Executive Management Board Meeting Cross-Company Health and Safety Committee ability to communicate with people from other countries and understand cultural differences. These initiatives contribute to revitalizing the company and securing human resources in a stable manner. As for foreign trainee workers, we basically provide them with education on safety and quality under the Technical Intern Training Program and also implement other measures to develop them into human resources who can utilize their abilities for their own countries after returning home. Our overseas subsidiaries and affiliated companies independently employ human resources and work to secure human resources in line with their own policies and business details. Regular Employment System for Temporary Workers SUBARU has a regular employment system for temporary workers. We offer an opportunity to sit for an examination for regular employment to temporary workers who want to become regular employees and whom we have comprehensively judged to be qualified to take the examination based on the recommendations from their workplaces and other information. This system contributes to increasing the motivation and vigor of temporary workers. For 10 years from FYE March 2012 to FYE March 2021, a total of 1,601 temporary workers became regular employees under the system. Number of Temporary Workers Who Became Regular Employees FYE March Number of Those Who Became Regular Employees (Persons) 2017 112 2018 113 2019 205 2020 223 2021 267 Our Approach SUBARU regards occupational health and safety as a critical management issue, and our Health and Safety Philosophy is “Subaru makes health and safety the first priority in all our work.” Further, in addition to our Basic Health and Safety Policy, each of the Subaru Group companies in Japan and overseas establishes their own occupational health and safety policies in line with their business details, regional characteristics, and local laws and regulations, and implements initiatives based on the policies. Management System SUBARU established the Central Health and Safety Committee, which is composed of members from management (executive officer in charge of health and safety and the manager in charge Occupational Health and Safety Health and Safety Philosophy Basic Health and Safety Policy With the aim of reducing industrial accidents, traffic accidents, diseases, and fires and other disasters to zero, every individual will strive to create a safe, comfortable workplace through efforts to improve facilities, environments, and work methods, and to enhance management and awareness, based on a shared recognition of the importance of health and safety. Central Health and Safety Committee Health and Safety Organization Chart Representative Director and President Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement Yajima Plant, Gunma Plant of onsite health and safety) and from the labor union, with a view to protecting employees (including non-regular employees) and our affiliates from industrial accidents and illness and improving the working environment. The committee, which meets for deliberations three times a year, is chaired by an executive officer and its vice-chairperson is elected from the Company’s labor union’s membership. Its deliberations primarily include occupational safety, occupational health, traffic safety, and fire and disaster prevention. At the committee’s first meeting, participants check the fiscal year’s activities, including the year’s Basic Health and Safety Policy. At its second meeting, the committee summarizes the first half of the year by quantifying items from each business site and shares actions for the second half. At the third meeting, the committee summarizes the fiscal year based on numerical data and discusses health and safety policies (occupational safety, occupational health, traffic safety, and fire and disaster prevention) for the following fiscal year. As for affiliated companies under the control of the Site Health and Safety Committee, we provide them with related information, as necessary for the promotion of their occupational health and safety activities. Established April 2002

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 099
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | | CSR | Community
Customers
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
ability to communicate with people from other countries and Occupational Health and Safety of onsite health and safety) and from the labor union, with a view
understand cultural differences. These initiatives contribute to to protecting employees (including non-regular employees) and
revitalizing the company and securing human resources in a our affiliates from industrial accidents and illness and improving
Our Approach
stable manner. the working environment. The committee, which meets for
SUBARU regards occupational health and safety as a critical
As for foreign trainee workers, we basically provide them deliberations three times a year, is chaired by an executive officer
management issue, and our Health and Safety Philosophy is
with education on safety and quality under the Technical and its vice-chairperson is elected from the Company’s labor
“Subaru makes health and safety the first priority in all our
Intern Training Program and also implement other measures union’s membership. Its deliberations primarily include
work.” Further, in addition to our Basic Health and Safety
to develop them into human resources who can utilize their occupational safety, occupational health, traffic safety, and fire
Policy, each of the Subaru Group companies in Japan and
abilities for their own countries after returning home. and disaster prevention.
overseas establishes their own occupational health and
Our overseas subsidiaries and affiliated companies At the committee’s first meeting, participants check the
safety policies in line with their business details, regional
independently employ human resources and work to secure human fiscal year’s activities, including the year’s Basic Health and
characteristics, and local laws and regulations, and implements
resources in line with their own policies and business details. Safety Policy. At its second meeting, the committee summarizes
initiatives based on the policies.
the first half of the year by quantifying items from each business
R egular Employment System for Temporary Workers site and shares actions for the second half. At the third meeting,
SUBARU has a regular employment system for temporary the committee summarizes the fiscal year based on numerical
workers. We offer an opportunity to sit for an examination for data and discusses health and safety policies (occupational
regular employment to temporary workers who want to become safety, occupational health, traffic safety, and fire and disaster
regular employees and whom we have comprehensively prevention) for the following fiscal year.
judged to be qualified to take the examination based on the Yajima Plant, Gunma Plant As for affiliated companies under the control of the Site
recommendations from their workplaces and other information. Health and Safety Committee, we provide them with related
Health and Safety Philosophy
This system contributes to increasing the motivation and vigor information, as necessary for the promotion of their occupational
of temporary workers. For 10 years from FYE March 2012 to Basic Health and Safety Policy health and safety activities.
FYE March 2021, a total of 1,601 temporary workers became With the aim of reducing industrial accidents, traffic accidents,
Health and Safety Organization Chart
diseases, and fires and other disasters to zero, every individual
regular employees under the system.
will strive to create a safe, comfortable workplace through efforts Representative Director
to improve facilities, environments, and work methods, and and President
to enhance management and awareness, based on a shared
Executive Management
recognition of the importance of health and safety. Board Meeting
Number of Temporary Workers Who Became Regular Employees Central Health and Safety Committee
Central Health
FYE March Number of Those Who Became Regular Employees (Persons) Established April 2002 and Safety Committee
2017 112
Management System Cross-Company Health
2018 113 and Safety Committee
2019 205 SUBARU established the Central Health and Safety Committee,
2020 223 which is composed of members from management (executive Head Office Tokyo Office Gunma Plant Aerospace Company
Health and Safety Health and Safety Health and Safety Health and Safety
2021 267 officer in charge of health and safety and the manager in charge Committee Committee Committee Committee
[TABLE] Executive Management
Board Meeting
[TABLE] Central
and Safety | Health
Committee
[TABLE] FYE March | Number of Those Who Became Regular Employees (Persons)
[TABLE] Head Office
Health and Safety
Committee | Tokyo Office
Health and Safety
Committee | Gunma Plant
Health and Safety
Committee | Aerospace Company
Health and Safety
Committee

[PAGE 101]
100 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Organize a lecture by the chief of the local police station to improve employees’ driving manners. Provide new employees with hands-on education using training institutions. Conduct psychological driving aptitude tests and use a driving recorder to help employees recognize their driving habits. Industrial Accidents As for industrial accidents and close calls that happened at our sites and affiliated companies, we comply with the following rule for the prevention of similar incidents at the sites: the department that has faced the incident shall disclose related information to other departments on the premises and affiliated companies via the department in charge of health and safety at the site. For FYE March 2021, we had 37 industrial accidents, of which four were lost time accidents and none were fatal accidents. The accident frequency rate was 1.11. These figures were significantly greater than those from FYE March 2020, and given this, we are taking action toward stronger daily prevention. Our policy here is to use analyses of accidents per site to enforce more rigorous rule compliance to standardized work across the Group, have workers wear appropriate protective gear, ensure appropriate signaling and callouts, and other “rigorous compliance to basic matters (back to basics).” Initiatives At the start of every fiscal year, each of our sites holds the Health and Safety Kickoff Meeting, where the head of the site communicates the health and safety policies for the fiscal year to workplace leaders so that all employees can share the health and safety activity targets and plans as a unified team and raise their awareness about the prevention of industrial accidents, road safety and health management. Prevention of Industrial Accidents Wearing of the safety declaration badge In order to elevate safety awareness among SUBARU employees, all employees of SUBARU and its affiliated companies wear the safety declaration badge, on which it is clearly stated, “I always check for safety before performing any action.” Promoting the practice of pointing and calling For the prevention of mistakes and human error, we urge employees at all our sites to practice pointing and calling at the crosswalks and other places on the premises as the basis for occupational health and safety, thereby raising their awareness about the importance of safe behaviors and increasing the accuracy of their safety checks. Road Safety In order to prevent employees from getting involved in any traffic accidents while working, commuting or spending their private time, we are implementing a range of measures as follows: Conduct awareness-raising activity, including introducing the cases of past accidents and showing a video on road safety, before the start of a long vacation, targeting all employees of the Automotive Business and the Aerospace Company, many of whom commute by car. Safety declaration badge (Numbers) (Rate of lost-worktime injuries) 40 30 20 10 0 1.2 0.8 0.4 0 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 4 4 14 0.58 1 7 6 2 2 21 3 2 19 4 12 21 0.37 0.65 0.60 1.11 Lost time Not lost time I Not lost time II Rate of lost-worktime injuries (FYE March) Occurrence of Work Related Accidents and Accident Frequency Rate (Non-consolidated) Aiming to provide employees with safe and comfortable workplaces As the Secretariat of the Central Health and Safety Committee, the organization responsible for overseeing safety at SUBARU, I work in partnership with on-site safety coordinators and the Health Promotion Group newly established within our head office’s Human Resources Department, with the goal of creating workplaces that are safe and comfortable each and every day, and with the constant mindset toward enabling them to cheerfully leave home for work and also cheerfully return home after work. Takayuki Hino Safety Planning Coordinator Human Resources Department Secretariat of the Central Health and Safety Committee MESSAGE Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement Reporting Line for Industrial Accidents Departments on the premises Departments on the premises Affiliated (partner) companies (according to the internal reporting criteria) Affiliated (partner) companies (according to the internal reporting criteria) Site/Central Health and Safety Committee members Department in charge of health and safety at the site First report of the accident (to be made by the department suffering it) Occurrence of an accident

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 100
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | | CSR | Community
Customers
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Initiatives O rganize a lecture by the chief of the local police station to Occurrence of Work Related Accidents and Accident
Frequency Rate (Non-consolidated)
At the start of every fiscal year, each of our sites holds the improve employees’ driving manners. (Numbers) (Rate of lost-worktime injuries)
Health and Safety Kickoff Meeting, where the head of the site P rovide new employees with hands-on education using training 40 1.2
1.11
communicates the health and safety policies for the fiscal year institutions.
to workplace leaders so that all employees can share the health C onduct psychological driving aptitude tests and use a driving 30 0.8
21
and safety activity targets and plans as a unified team and raise recorder to help employees recognize their driving habits. 20 0.65 0.60
0.58
t r h o e a i d r a sa w f a e r t e y n a e n s d s h ab ea o l u th t t m he a n p a r g e e ve m n e ti n o t n . of industrial accidents, Industrial Accidents 10 14 0.37 6 21 19 12 0.4
4 7 2 2
As for industrial accidents and close calls that happened at our 0 4 1 2 3 4 0
Prevention of Industrial Accidents sites and affiliated companies, we comply with the following rule 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 (FYE March)
for the prevention of similar incidents at the sites: the department Lost time Not lost time I Not lost time II Rate of lost-worktime injuries
Wearing of the safety declaration badge
In order to elevate safety awareness among that has faced the incident shall disclose related information to
SUBARU employees, all employees of other departments on the premises and affiliated companies via
SUBARU and its affiliated companies wear the department in charge of health and safety at the site.
the safety declaration badge, on which it For FYE March 2021, we had 37 industrial accidents, of which MESSAGE Aiming to provide employees
is clearly stated, “I always check for safety four were lost time accidents and none were fatal accidents. The with safe and comfortable workplaces
Safety declaration badge
before performing any action.” accident frequency rate was 1.11. These figures were significantly
greater than those from FYE March 2020, and given this, we are
As the Secretariat of the Central Health and Safety Committee,
taking action toward stronger daily prevention. Our policy here is
Promoting the practice of pointing and calling
the organization responsible for overseeing safety at SUBARU,
For the prevention of mistakes and human error, we urge employees to use analyses of accidents per site to enforce more rigorous rule
I work in partnership with on-site safety coordinators and
at all our sites to practice pointing and calling at the crosswalks and compliance to standardized work across the Group, have workers
the Health Promotion Group newly established within our
other places on the premises as the basis for occupational health and wear appropriate protective gear, ensure appropriate signaling
head office’s Human Resources Department, with the goal of
safety, thereby raising their awareness about the importance of safe and callouts, and other “rigorous compliance to basic matters
creating workplaces that are safe and comfortable each and
behaviors and increasing the accuracy of their safety checks. (back to basics).”
every day, and with the constant
Reporting Line for Industrial Accidents mindset toward enabling them to
Road Safety
Occurrence of cheerfully leave home for work and
an accident
In order to prevent employees from getting involved in any traffic also cheerfully return home after work.
First report of the accident
accidents while working, commuting or spending their private (to be made by the department
suffering it)
time, we are implementing a range of measures as follows: Takayuki Hino
Department in charge of health
C onduct awareness-raising activity, including introducing the and safety at the site Safety Planning Coordinator
Human Resources Department
cases of past accidents and showing a video on road safety, Departments Af ( f a il c ia c t o e r d d i ( n p g a r t t o n e th r) e c i o n m te p rn a a n l i es Site/ a C n e d n t S r a a f l e H ty e a lth Secretariat of the Central Health
before the start of a long vacation, targeting all employees of on the premises reporting criteria) Committee members and Safety Committee
the Automotive Business and the Aerospace Company, many Departments Affiliated (partner) companies
(according to the internal
of whom commute by car. on the premises reporting criteria)
[TABLE] MESSAGE
[TABLE] MESSAGE
[TABLE] As the Secretariat of the Central Health and Safety Committee,
the organization responsible for overseeing safety at SUBARU,
I work in partnership with on-site safety coordinators and
the Health Promotion Group newly established within our
head office’s Human Resources Department, with the goal of
creating workplaces that are safe and comfortable each and
every day, and with the constant
mindset toward enabling them to
cheerfully leave home for work and
also cheerfully return home after work.
[TABLE] Takayuki Hino
Safety Planning Coordinator
Human Resources Department
Secretariat of the Central Health
and Safety Committee
[TABLE] First report o
(to be made by
suffer | f the accident
the department
ing it)
[TABLE] Department in
and safety | charge of health
at the site
[TABLE] Departments
on the premises | Affiliated (partner) companies
(according to the internal
reporting criteria)

[PAGE 102]
101 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Our Approach SUBARU is fostering health management measures along with occupational health and safety activities so that all employees can work healthily, soundly and vigorously, take on challenges and achieve growth. SUBARU takes these actions in the belief that the health of employees and their families is essential for all its business operations. SUBARU works with the relevant units within the Human Resources Department to support the physical and mental health of its employees as well as to build a healthy organization and promote flexible working styles, and more. By doing this, it creates the underpinnings of a more comfortable working environment necessary for greater employee engagement. Subaru Health Declaration Purpose In pursuit of becoming a company “delivering happiness to all” and based on our Global Sustainability Policy of “striving to maintain and advance the workplace environment so that employees can work safely in peace, and with a sense of satisfaction,” SUBARU CORPORATION, the Subaru Labor Union, and the Subaru Health Insurance Association jointly released the Health Declaration in October 2020 with the intent that the three parties work in unison toward health. Management System SUBARU considers health promotion activities to be a management issue, and as of FYE March 2021, SUBARU has discussed and operated a PDCA cycle regarding its health management issues and measures at the Executive Meeting. SUBARU has also established the Health Steering Committee to serve as a promotion framework, advancing collaborative health with partnership from SUBARU, its labor union, and its health association. On the operational side, the Health Promotion Group has served as a core driver of our company- wide, unified health promotion measures since 2021. This dedicated organization within the Human Resources Department coordinates weekly regular meetings with stakeholders such as health promotion managers at our sites, industrial physicians, and other staff in charge of industrial health. Health Management Health Declaration To build happiness for our employees and their families, we need a foundation of mental and physical health. SUBARU works with its employees to promote health and preventive care, taking on the challenge of building workplaces full of smiles and enabling growth.  Tomomi Nakamura Representative Director of the Board, President and CEO, SUBARU CORPORATION Minoru Yamagishi Executive Chairman, Subaru Labor Union Tatsuro Kobayashi President, Subaru Health Insurance Association Health Promotion Framework Diagram Established October 2020 Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement Executive Management Board Meeting Secretariat: Health Promotion Group, Human Resources Department Subaru Health Insurance Association Executive Officer Human Resources Department Health managers Health promoters Industrial health staff Head Office Health staff Industrial health staff Tokyo Office Health managers Health staff Industrial health staff Gunma Plant Health managers Health staff Industrial health staff Aerospace Company Subaru Labor Union

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 101
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | | CSR | Community
Customers
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Management System
Health Management
SUBARU considers health promotion activities to be a
Health Declaration
Our Approach management issue, and as of FYE March 2021, SUBARU has
To build happiness for our employees and their families,
discussed and operated a PDCA cycle regarding its health
SUBARU is fostering health management measures along with we need a foundation of mental and physical health.
management issues and measures at the Executive Meeting.
occupational health and safety activities so that all employees SUBARU works with its employees to promote health
SUBARU has also established the Health Steering Committee
can work healthily, soundly and vigorously, take on challenges and preventive care, taking on the challenge of building
to serve as a promotion framework, advancing collaborative
and achieve growth. SUBARU takes these actions in the belief workplaces full of smiles and enabling growth.
health with partnership from SUBARU, its labor union, and its
that the health of employees and their families is essential for
Tomomi Nakamura health association. On the operational side, the Health
all its business operations. SUBARU works with the relevant
Representative Director of the Board,
Promotion Group has served as a core driver of our company-
units within the Human Resources Department to support the President and CEO, SUBARU CORPORATION
wide, unified health promotion measures since 2021. This
physical and mental health of its employees as well as to build Minoru Yamagishi
Executive Chairman, Subaru Labor Union dedicated organization within the Human Resources
a healthy organization and promote flexible working styles,
Tatsuro Kobayashi Department coordinates weekly regular meetings with
and more. By doing this, it creates the underpinnings of a
President, Subaru Health Insurance Association
stakeholders such as health promotion managers at our sites,
more comfortable working environment necessary for greater
industrial physicians, and other staff in charge of industrial health.
employee engagement.
Established October 2020
Subaru Health Declaration
Health Promotion Framework Diagram
Purpose
Executive Management
In pursuit of becoming a company “delivering happiness to all” Board Meeting
and based on our Global Sustainability Policy of “striving to
Executive Officer
maintain and advance the workplace environment so that Human Resources Department
employees can work safely in peace, and with a sense of
Secretariat: Health Promotion Group,
satisfaction,” SUBARU CORPORATION, the Subaru Labor Union, Subaru Health Insurance Association
Human Resources Department
and the Subaru Health Insurance Association jointly released the
Health Declaration in October 2020 with the intent that the three
Subaru Labor Union
parties work in unison toward health.
Aerospace
Head Office Tokyo Office Gunma Plant
Company
Health managers Health managers Health managers
Health staff
Health promoters Health staff H ealth staff
Industrial health staff
Industrial health staff Industrial health staff Industrial health staff
[TABLE] Executiv
Human Resourc | e Officer
es Department
[TABLE] Subaru Labor Union
[TABLE] Head Office
[TABLE] Health managers
Health promoters
Industrial health staff
[TABLE] Tokyo Office | Gunma Plant
[TABLE] Health staff
Industrial health staff | Health managers
Health staff
Industrial health staff
[TABLE] Aerospace
Company
[TABLE] Health managers
H ealth staff
Industrial health staff

[PAGE 103]
102 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Initiatives SUBARU is engaged in activities to visualize and improve health issues, divided into the two categories of physical health and mental health. Physical Health By encouraging employees to undergo regular health checkups, we are striving to promote early detection of lifestyle-related diseases among employees and help those suffering from the diseases to recover. We also collect data about employees with some signs of these diseases, including numerical data, to help them improve their lifestyles and prevent the outset of the diseases. Initiatives for regular health checkups and reexaminations We ensure that all of our employees undergo health checkups, and we share a portion of the cost for those who need to take reexaminations. We also provide those determined to be at high health risk with advice from public health nurses and give them necessary instructions to raise their health awareness. Activities encouraging employees to exercise and improve their dietary habits We have implemented a total health promotion plan (THP), visualizing physical fitness and proposing a variety of physical exercise programs for employees derived from this information, while also holding seminars to help them improve their dietary habits. Measures against smoking We are implementing measures to completely separate smoking areas from non-smoking areas at our sites, and we are taking action to reduce the ratio of smokers to 28% by 2025. We have established internal clinics on our sites' premises to help smokers stop smoking, and are cooperating with the health insurance association to encourage smoking employees to meet the challenge of quitting smoking. Moreover, we give financial support to employees who visit external clinics to stop smoking. Increasing employees’ health awareness at the canteens At all our canteens, we provide healthy dishes prepared under the supervision of registered dietitians so that employees can enjoy meals rich in vegetables. We also provide low-salt, low- fat, high-protein and low-sugar dishes alternatively from day to day, with a view to helping employees raise their health awareness by eating at the canteens. Mental Health (Prevention of Mental Illness) We are implementing “self-care” and “line care” measures for the prevention and early detection of mental illness among employees. We have also set up a consultation service so that employees can receive follow-ups from industrial health staff. For employees who took leave due to mental illness, we proactively support them when they return to their workplaces. Self-care We utilize self-care training and stress checks so that participants can learn how to self-manage their mental health, and new employees are provided with training on internet- based cognitive behavioral therapy (iCBT). Line care We include line care training in the collective training for managers, and use the results of collective analysis of employees’ stress checks to take improvement actions at the workplace level for those workplaces found to have high health risk. For the departments engaging in technological development, we foster workplace improvement activities in which employees themselves voluntarily work to revitalize their workplaces, promote management systems that increase their work motivation, and enhance bidirectional communications between managers and their subordinates. These measures are contributing to preventing the onset of mental illness and mitigating the lengths of these illnesses among employees. Return to work program (for return to work on a trial basis and gradual return to full-time work) We have implemented a program to support the smooth return to the workplace for employees who have taken leave. In this program, employees can return to work on a trial basis and gradually step up their hours as they return to full-time work. Certified as a Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organization for 2021 SUBARU has been recognized as a Certified Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organization for 2021 (large enterprise category) by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and the Nippon Kenko Kaigi (Japan Health Council). Going forward, we will continue to accelerate a variety of health promotion activities with the purpose of improving the health of our employees—the people who bring happiness to our customers—and their families. Healthy dishes prepared under the supervision of registered dietitians “Ii-neko (good cat),” which won the grand prize in the employees’ competition for a health promotion mascot character held as part of the workplace improvement activity 2021 Certified Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organization (large enterprise category) Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 102
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | | CSR | Community
Customers
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Initiatives quitting smoking. Moreover, we give financial support to the departments engaging in technological development, we
SUBARU is engaged in activities to visualize and improve health employees who visit external clinics to stop smoking. foster workplace improvement activities in which employees
issues, divided into the two categories of physical health and themselves voluntarily work to revitalize their workplaces, promote
mental health. Increasing employees’ health awareness at the canteens management systems that increase their work motivation, and
At all our canteens, we provide healthy dishes prepared under enhance bidirectional communications between managers and
Physical Health the supervision of registered dietitians so that employees can their subordinates. These measures are contributing to preventing
enjoy meals rich in vegetables. the onset of mental illness and mitigating the lengths of these
By encouraging employees to undergo regular health checkups,
We also provide low-salt, low- illnesses among employees.
we are striving to promote early detection of lifestyle-related
fat, high-protein and low-sugar
diseases among employees and help those suffering from the
dishes alternatively from day Return to work program (for return to work on a trial basis
diseases to recover. We also collect data about employees with
and gradual return to full-time work)
to day, with a view to helping
some signs of these diseases, including numerical data, to help
We have implemented a program to support the smooth return to
employees raise their health
them improve their lifestyles and prevent the outset of the diseases.
the workplace for employees who have
awareness by eating at the
Healthy dishes prepared under the
taken leave. In this program, employees
canteens. supervision of registered dietitians
Initiatives for regular health checkups and reexaminations
can return to work on a trial basis and
We ensure that all of our employees undergo health checkups, gradually step up their hours as they
Mental Health (Prevention of Mental Illness)
and we share a portion of the cost for those who need to take return to full-time work. “Ii-neko (good cat),” which won the grand
reexaminations. We also provide those determined to be at We are implementing “self-care” and “line care” measures for p he ri a ze lt h in p t r h o e m e o m tio p n lo m ye a e s s c ’ o c t o c m h p ar e a t c it t i e o r n h f e o l r d a a s
high health risk with advice from public health nurses and give the prevention and early detection of mental illness among part of the workplace improvement activity
them necessary instructions to raise their health awareness. employees. We have also set up a consultation service so that
Certified as a Health & Productivity Management
employees can receive follow-ups from industrial health staff.
Outstanding Organization for 2021
For employees who took leave due to mental illness, we
Activities encouraging employees to exercise and improve SUBARU has been recognized as a Certified Health & Productivity
their dietary habits proactively support them when they return to their workplaces.
Management Outstanding Organization for 2021 (large enterprise
We have implemented a total health promotion plan (THP),
category) by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and the
visualizing physical fitness and proposing a variety of physical Self-care
Nippon Kenko Kaigi (Japan Health Council).
exercise programs for employees derived from this information, We utilize self-care training and stress checks so that Going forward, we will continue to accelerate a variety of
while also holding seminars to help them improve their dietary habits. participants can learn how to self-manage their mental health, health promotion activities with the purpose of improving the
and new employees are provided with training on internet- health of our employees—the people who bring happiness to our
Measures against smoking based cognitive behavioral therapy (iCBT). customers—and their families.
We are implementing measures to completely separate smoking
areas from non-smoking areas at our sites, and we are taking action Line care
to reduce the ratio of smokers to 28% by 2025. We have established We include line care training in the collective training for
internal clinics on our sites' premises to help smokers stop smoking, managers, and use the results of collective analysis of employees’
and are cooperating with the health insurance association to stress checks to take improvement actions at the workplace
2021 Certified Health & Productivity Management
encourage smoking employees to meet the challenge of level for those workplaces found to have high health risk. For Outstanding Organization (large enterprise category)

[PAGE 104]
103 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Our Approach As a precondition to making our customers happy, the Subaru Group believes it is vital to provide employees with workplaces where they can work with vigor and peace of mind and demonstrate their abilities to the fullest. In order to help diverse employees to maintain their work-life balance, we are diversifying work style options and expanding the relevant systems. Moreover, our affiliated companies in Japan and abroad are fostering initiatives suitable for local business conditions and regional characteristics. Initiatives Work Style Reforms Appropriate Management of Working Hours SUBARU implemented a new attendance management system in FYE March 2019. This system enables exact time management down to the minute, allowing employees and their supervisors to check attendance records entered by the employee, and differences versus building entry/exit times and computer log times. Reduction of Long Working Hours SUBARU established in FYE March 2016 “ultra no-overtime day,” on which all managers and general employees leave work on time across its sites. Moreover, mainly targeting the staff of the development and administrative departments of the Gunma Plant and the development department of the Tokyo Office, we make it a rule to lock the doors on the office floor at 10:00 p.m., thereby making all those working on the floor leave before the doors are locked. By clearly imposing limits on overtime work, we are helping employees to be more conscious about their working hours. Flex-time System SUBARU introduced the flex-time system in FYE March 1999. In FYE March 2022, we abolished mandatory core working hours, building an environment where employees can work more flexibly and independently. Employees now have more greater discretion than before in their work hours, contributing to improved productivity and richer private lives. Work-from-Home System SUBARU began introducing its work-from-home system to all sites as of FYE March 2022. By offering employees the choice of their work location in accordance with the particular characteristics of their duties, we are contributing to improved productivity through adjusting how they work, and to stronger management capabilities capable of promoting appropriate delegation of authority. Paid Leave SUBARU grants employees annual paid leave in the number of days commensurate with their length of service. At each of our sites, labor and management cooperate to encourage employees to take the leave. Work-Life Balance SUBARU’s response to the Act on the Arrangement of Related Acts to Promote Work Style Reform* Item Details Accurate calculation of employees’ working hours In July 2018, introduced a company-wide attendance management system for the central management of all electromagnetic records (computer logs and clock-in and clock-out records) for the accurate calculation of employees’ working hours. Encouraging employees to take at least five paid days off per year In FYE March 2020, began implementing measures for all employees, including an initiative to encourage employees who are newly entitled to take 10 or more paid days off to take at least five days off within seven months after the entitlement. Also established operational rules to ensure that all employees can take at least five paid days off per year. Imposing an upper limit on overtime working hours Has been limiting the number of overtime work hours to 590 hours and below annually and to 79 hours and below monthly, setting the criteria stricter than those stipulated by law. Raising the premium pay rate for overtime work exceeding 60 hours per month Has been implementing necessary measures since FYE March 2011. Equal pay for equal work Began reviewing the amount of allowances granted to non-regular employees in FYE March 2021. Work-from-home system Conducted a test implementation starting in FYE March 2021, with full rollout to all sites beginning in FYE March 2022. Abolishing mandatory core hours in the flex-time system Full rollout to all sites beginning in FYE March 2022. * This law was enacted in June 2018 to revise the labor-related laws to foster work style reforms. Annual Paid Leave Utilization Rate* (Non-consolidated) 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 Encourage employees to take the leave at each site every month Proportion of paid days off taken by employees (%) 84.4 86.2 85.7 86.4 95.4 * Percentage of the number of days off taken by employees of the total number of annual paid days off granted to them. (FYE March) Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 103
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | | CSR | Community
Customers
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Work-Life Balance Appropriate Management of Working Hours Work-from-Home System
SUBARU implemented a new attendance management SUBARU began introducing its work-from-home system to
Our Approach system in FYE March 2019. This system enables exact time all sites as of FYE March 2022. By offering employees the
management down to the minute, allowing employees and choice of their work location in accordance with the particular
As a precondition to making our customers happy, the Subaru
their supervisors to check attendance records entered by the characteristics of their duties, we are contributing to improved
Group believes it is vital to provide employees with workplaces
employee, and differences versus building entry/exit times and productivity through adjusting how they work, and to stronger
where they can work with vigor and peace of mind and
computer log times. management capabilities capable of promoting appropriate
demonstrate their abilities to the fullest. In order to help diverse
delegation of authority.
employees to maintain their work-life balance, we are diversifying
Reduction of Long Working Hours
work style options and expanding the relevant systems.
Moreover, our affiliated companies in Japan and abroad SUBARU established in FYE March 2016 “ultra no-overtime Paid Leave
are fostering initiatives suitable for local business conditions day,” on which all managers and general employees leave SUBARU grants employees annual paid leave in the number
and regional characteristics. work on time across its sites. Moreover, mainly targeting the of days commensurate with their length of service. At each
staff of the development and administrative departments of of our sites, labor and management cooperate to encourage
Initiatives the Gunma Plant and the development department of the employees to take the leave.
Tokyo Office, we make it a rule to lock the doors on the office
Work Style Reforms
floor at 10:00 p.m., thereby making all those working on the Annual Paid Leave Utilization Rate* (Non-consolidated)
SUBARU’s response to the Act on the Arrangement of Related (FYE March)
floor leave before the doors are locked. By clearly imposing
Acts to Promote Work Style Reform*
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
limits on overtime work, we are helping employees to be more
Item Details
In July 2018, introduced a company-wide attendance management system conscious about their working hours. Encourage Proportion
Accurate calculation of for the central management of all electromagnetic records (computer employees to of paid days
employees’
logs and clock-in and clock-out records) for the accurate calculation of take the leave at off taken by 84.4 86.2 85.7 86.4 95.4
working hours
employees’ working hours. Flex-time System each site every employees
In FYE March 2020, began implementing measures for all employees, month (%)
Encouraging employees including an initiative to encourage employees who are newly entitled to SUBARU introduced the flex-time system in FYE March 1999.
to take at least five paid take 10 or more paid days off to take at least five days off within seven
days off per year months after the entitlement. Also established operational rules to ensure In FYE March 2022, we abolished mandatory core working * P ercentage of the number of days off taken by employees of the total number of
that all employees can take at least five paid days off per year. annual paid days off granted to them.
hours, building an environment where employees can work
Imposing an upper limit Has been limiting the number of overtime work hours to 590 hours and
on overtime below annually and to 79 hours and below monthly, setting the criteria
more flexibly and independently. Employees now have more
working hours stricter than those stipulated by law.
Raising the premium greater discretion than before in their work hours, contributing
pay rate for overtime
work exceeding 60 Has been implementing necessary measures since FYE March 2011. to improved productivity and richer private lives.
hours per month
Equal pay for Began reviewing the amount of allowances granted to non-regular
equal work employees in FYE March 2021.
Work-from-home Conducted a test implementation starting in FYE March 2021, with full
system rollout to all sites beginning in FYE March 2022.
Abolishing mandatory
core hours in the Full rollout to all sites beginning in FYE March 2022.
flex-time system
* This law was enacted in June 2018 to revise the labor-related laws to foster work style reforms.
[TABLE] 2017 | 2018 | 2019 | 2020 | 2021
[TABLE] Proportion
of paid days
off taken by
employees
(%) | 84.4 | 86.2 | 85.7 | 86.4
[TABLE] Item | Details

[PAGE 105]
104 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Support for the Maintenance of Balance between Work and Elderly Care At SUBARU, we believe that for employees to continue working with peace of mind, it is important to help mitigate the concerns and burdens of employees and their families concerning the care of the elderly family members. Based on this belief, SUBARU has distributed the copies of the Elderly Care Support Handbook to all employees of SUBARU to inform them of the related systems available internally and externally and of the contacts through which they can ask for advice. We have also established a specific long-term care support system to help reduce the burdens imposed on employees. Support for the Maintenance of Balance between Work and Childcare It is also important to provide employees with an environment that allows them to continue developing their careers while raising their children. Accordingly, we formulated a voluntary action plan in line with the Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children.* At present, SUBARU has received three stars in the “Kurumin” certification from the Japanese Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare, and is taking action based on our 7th Action Plan. 7th Action Plan (Japanese version only) * This law was enacted for the provision of an environment where people can have and raise children, who are the next generation of leaders, in a sound manner. As a result of establishing a support system based on criteria that are stricter than the legal obligations, the number of employees who quit their jobs for childcare has decreased to almost zero at our administrative departments. We are now stepping up the measures to support employees in achieving career advancement while raising their children. For the production departments of the Gunma Plant, we have been fostering measures to help employees to return to their shift work smoothly. Specifically, in FYE March 2019, we began making the conference rooms available for the children of employees, where they can wait until their nursery schools are opened. We also started to provide employees with an early- morning childcare service by qualified nursery teachers on a trial basis. Then, in FYE March 2020, we conducted a full rollout of these measures at sites neighboring the plant. In FYE March 2022, we plan to open early-morning childcare facilities on plant premises, and are making preparations to that end. Separately, we are working to raise awareness and promote usage of the various systems available to employees, such as making the Maternity Leave and Childcare Support Handbook available on our intranet. Childcare leave system SUBARU’s employees can extend the period of childcare leave to the end of the first April after the child becomes two years old. Childcare leave taken by male employees In FYE March 2021, 65 male employees took childcare leave. Also, under the Special Childcare Leave system, which allows employees to take up to five days off at the birth of their children, 82.5% of male employees eligible for this leave took at least one day of leave. We will continue to provide workplaces where employees can take this leave in addition to childcare leave. Average number of days off taken by male employees under the childcare leave system: 48 days Largest number of days off taken by a male employee: 364 days Special Childcare Leave taken by employees (Non-consolidated) Number of employees who took leave (up to five days): 479 persons Average number of days off taken under the system: 2.6 days Rate of employees who took the Special Childcare Leave or Childcare Leave (excluding annual paid days off): 83.9% Short working hours system for childcare Employees can use this system until their children become fourth graders at elementary school and can also concurrently use the flex-time system. Number of Employees Who Took Childcare Leave (Non-consolidated) 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 System for employees to take leave for childcare Number of employees who took leave Male 8 10 21 42 65 Female 88 88 80 80 93 Total 96 98 101 122 158 Rate of employees who returned to work (%) Male 100 100 100 100 100 Female 100 100 97.5 95 100 Rate of employees who belong to the company one year after returning to work (%) Male 87.5 83.3 100 85 97 Female 100 97.2 90 95 93 “Kurumin” mark (FYE March) (FYE March) Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement Number of Employees Who Took Long-term Care Leave (Non-consolidated) 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 System for employees to take leave to take care of the family member in need of long-term care Number of employees who took this leave (persons) 4 5 9 30 3

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 104
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | | CSR | Community
Customers
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Support for the Maintenance of Balance between Work As a result of establishing a support system based on criteria SUBARU’s employees can extend the period of childcare leave
and Elderly Care that are stricter than the legal obligations, the number of to the end of the first April after the child becomes two years old.
At SUBARU, we believe that for employees to continue employees who quit their jobs for childcare has decreased to
working with peace of mind, it is important to help mitigate almost zero at our administrative departments. We are now Childcare leave taken by male employees
the concerns and burdens of employees and their families stepping up the measures to support employees in achieving In FYE March 2021, 65 male employees took childcare leave.
concerning the care of the elderly family members. Based on career advancement while raising their children. Also, under the Special Childcare Leave system, which allows
this belief, SUBARU has distributed the copies of the Elderly For the production departments of the Gunma Plant, we employees to take up to five days off at the birth of their children,
Care Support Handbook to all employees of SUBARU to inform have been fostering measures to help employees to return to 82.5% of male employees eligible for this leave took at least
them of the related systems available internally and externally their shift work smoothly. Specifically, in FYE March 2019, we one day of leave. We will continue to provide workplaces where
and of the contacts through which they can ask for advice. We began making the conference rooms available for the children employees can take this leave in addition to childcare leave.
have also established a specific long-term care support system of employees, where they can wait until their nursery schools are
to help reduce the burdens imposed on employees. opened. We also started to provide employees with an early-
Number of Employees Who Took Long-term Care Leave morning childcare service by qualified nursery teachers on a Average number of days off taken by male employees
(Non-consolidated) trial basis. Then, in FYE March 2020, we conducted a full rollout under the childcare leave system:
(FYE March)
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 of these measures at sites neighboring the plant. In FYE March 48 days
System for employees to Number of 2022, we plan to open early-morning childcare facilities on plant Largest number of days off taken by a male employee:
take leave to take care of employees
the family member in need who took this 4 5 9 30 3 premises, and are making preparations to that end. 364 days
of long-term care leave (persons)
Separately, we are working to raise awareness and promote
usage of the various systems available to employees, such as
Support for the Maintenance of Balance between Work making the Maternity Leave and Childcare Support Handbook Special Childcare Leave taken by employees
and Childcare (Non-consolidated)
available on our intranet.
It is also important to provide employees Number of employees who took leave (up to five days):
with an environment that allows them to 479 persons
Childcare leave system
continue developing their careers while Average number of days off taken under the system:
raising their children. Accordingly, we Number of Employees Who Took Childcare Leave 2.6 days
(Non-consolidated)
(FYE March)
formulated a voluntary action plan in line Rate of employees who took the Special Childcare Leave or
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
with the Act on Advancement of Measures Childcare Leave (excluding annual paid days off):
“Kurumin” mark Male 8 10 21 42 65 83.9%
to Support Raising Next-Generation Children.* At present, Number of employees
who took leave Female 88 88 80 80 93
SUBARU has received three stars in the “Kurumin” certification
System for Total 96 98 101 122 158 Short working hours system for childcare
from the Japanese Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare, and employees
is taking action based on our 7th Action Plan. l t e o a t v a e k e fo r Rate of employees who Male 100 100 100 100 100 Employees can use this system until their children become
returned to work (%)
childcare Female 100 100 97.5 95 100 fourth graders at elementary school and can also concurrently
7th Action Plan (Japanese version only)
R b a e t lo e n o g f t e o m t p h l e o y c e o e m s p w a h n o y Male 87.5 83.3 100 85 97 use the flex-time system.
* This law was enacted for the provision of an environment where people can have
one year after returning
and raise children, who are the next generation of leaders, in a sound manner. to work (%) Female 100 97.2 90 95 93
[TABLE] 2017 | 2018 | 2019 | 2020 | 2021
[TABLE] Number of
employees
who took this
leave (persons) | 4 | 5 | 9 | 30
[TABLE] 2017 | 2018 | 2019 | 2020 | 2021
[TABLE] Number of employees
who took leave | Male | 8 | 10 | 21 | 42
[TABLE] Female | 88 | 88 | 80 | 80
[TABLE] Total | 96 | 98 | 101 | 122
[TABLE] Rate of employees who
returned to work (%) | Male | 100 | 100 | 100 | 100
[TABLE] Female | 100 | 100 | 97.5 | 95
[TABLE] Rate of employees who
belong to the company
one year after returning
to work (%) | Male | 87.5 | 83.3 | 100 | 85
[TABLE] Female | 100 | 97.2 | 90 | 95

[PAGE 106]
105 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Employee Attitudes Survey SUBARU conducts the Employee Attitudes Survey with an eye to increasing employees’ motivation and revitalizing the organization. The survey results are reported to the management team and are also utilized to identify problems and formulate the countermeasures at each of our workplaces. In the FYE March 2021 survey, 15,853 employees or about 93% of the total number of regular employees replied to the questionnaire, and 67% of the respondents answered, “Feeling proud of being a SUBARU employee.” Results of the Employee Attitudes Survey Rate of Respondents Who Gave Positive Answers (%) to the Questions Question 2020 2021 Communication and openness 56 59 Work-life balance 59 64 Sympathy with the corporate philosophy 70 73 Work satisfaction 56 58 Pride in the company 63 67 Number of Employees 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 Number of employees (Consolidated) (Persons) Total 32,599 33,544 34,200 35,034 36,070 Number of employees (Non- consolidated) (Persons) Excluding directors and advisors but including those seconded to other companies Total 15,217 15,530 15,885 16,318 16,964 Male *1 14,229 14,477 14,774 14,823 15,376 Female *1 988 1,053 1,111 1,139 1,189 Part- time *2 — — — 356 399 Number of temporary employees (Non- consolidated) *2 (Persons) — — — 6,328 5,801 *1 Regular employees *2 Has been disclosed since FYE March 2020 Our Approach SUBARU and its labor union have been on good terms with each other based on mutual understanding and trust. The company acknowledges that the union has the right to unite and engage in collective bargaining and other collective actions, while the union recognizes that the company has the right to manage the business, and the two parties respect the legitimate use of their mutual rights. The Labor and Management Council regularly holds meetings for smooth corporate management and mutual communication. Specifically, participants exchange opinions regarding the management policies, outline of the business results, and production and sales, and also discuss issues such as labor conditions, challenges concerning work styles, and the occupational health and safety policies. In the labor- management negotiations on the revision of wages (salaries and bonuses) and other labor conditions, the two parties work to reach an agreement for revision or the establishment of new rules. For issues that might have a significant impact on employees, the parties discuss them fully before informing employees of the results. Number of Employees Belonging to the Labor Union (as of October 1, 2020) The following shows the data for FYE March 2021. Members of the Subaru Labor Union: 15,610 persons (Total number of employees: 16,853 persons, excluding managers) Confederation of Subaru Affiliated Labor Unions Number of members: 28,056 persons Labor-Management Communication Employee Data (FYE March) (FYE March) Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 105
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | | CSR | Community
Customers
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Employee Attitudes Survey Labor-Management Communication Employee Data
SUBARU conducts the Employee Attitudes Survey with an
eye to increasing employees’ motivation and revitalizing Our Approach Number of Employees
the organization. The survey results are reported to the (FYE March)
SUBARU and its labor union have been on good terms with
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
management team and are also utilized to identify problems
each other based on mutual understanding and trust. The Number of
and formulate the countermeasures at each of our workplaces. employees
company acknowledges that the union has the right to unite Total 32,599 33,544 34,200 35,034 36,070
In the FYE March 2021 survey, 15,853 employees or about (Consolidated)
and engage in collective bargaining and other collective (Persons)
93% of the total number of regular employees replied to the
actions, while the union recognizes that the company has the
Number of Total 15,217 15,530 15,885 16,318 16,964
questionnaire, and 67% of the respondents answered, “Feeling
right to manage the business, and the two parties respect the employees (Non-
proud of being a SUBARU employee.” consolidated)
legitimate use of their mutual rights. (Persons) Male*1 14,229 14,477 14,774 14,823 15,376
Results of the Employee Attitudes Survey The Labor and Management Council regularly holds Excluding
Rate of Respondents Who Gave Positive Answers (%) to the Questions directors and
meetings for smooth corporate management and mutual advisors but Female*1 988 1,053 1,111 1,139 1,189
(FYE March)
communication. Specifically, participants exchange opinions including those
Question 2020 2021 seconded to
regarding the management policies, outline of the business Part-
Communication and openness 56 59 other companies time*2 — — — 356 399
results, and production and sales, and also discuss issues
Number of
Work-life balance 59 64 such as labor conditions, challenges concerning work styles, temporary
and the occupational health and safety policies. In the labor- employees (Non- — — — 6,328 5,801
Sympathy with the corporate philosophy 70 73 consolidated)*2
management negotiations on the revision of wages (salaries
(Persons)
and bonuses) and other labor conditions, the two parties work
Work satisfaction 56 58 *1 Regular employees
to reach an agreement for revision or the establishment of *2 Has been disclosed since FYE March 2020
Pride in the company 63 67 new rules. For issues that might have a significant impact on
employees, the parties discuss them fully before informing
employees of the results.
Number of Employees Belonging to the Labor Union
(as of October 1, 2020)
The following shows the data for FYE March 2021.
Members of the Subaru Labor Union: 15,610 persons
(Total number of employees: 16,853 persons, excluding
managers)
Confederation of Subaru Affiliated Labor Unions Number of
members: 28,056 persons
[TABLE] 2017 | 2018 | 2019 | 2020 | 2021
[TABLE] Total | 32,599 | 33,544 | 34,200 | 35,034
[TABLE] Total | 15,217 | 15,530 | 15,885 | 16,318
[TABLE] Male*1 | 14,229 | 14,477 | 14,774 | 14,823
[TABLE] Female*1 | 988 | 1,053 | 1,111 | 1,139
[TABLE] Part-
time*2 | — | — | — | 356
[TABLE] — | — | — | 6,328
[TABLE] Question | 2020 | 2021
[TABLE] 56
[TABLE] 59
[TABLE] 70
[TABLE] 56
[TABLE] 63

[PAGE 107]
106 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Composition of Employees (Non-consolidated) 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 Male to female ratio (%) Male 94 93 93 93 93 Female 6 7 7 7 7 Average age 38.5 38.6 38.5 37.4 39.0 Average length of service (Years) 15.8 15.9 15.8 15.8 16.0 Number of managers (Persons) Male 1,028 1,020 1,030 1,051 1,062 Female 11 13 14 20 21 Number of new graduate hires (Persons) Male 479 494 473 498 561 Female 69 80 74 68 71 Number of mid-career hires (Persons) Male 397 221 317 161 182 Female 23 15 15 24 13 Number of employees who quit the company (Persons) 258 249 339 329 354 Composition of Employees by Age (for FYE March 2021 on a non-consolidated basis) Age Male Female Total Younger than 30 4,478 464 4,942 30 to 39 3,960 235 4,195 40 to 49 4,020 353 4,373 50 to 59 2,918 137 3,055 Composition of Mid-career Hires by Age (for FYE March 2021 on a non-consolidated basis) Age Male Female Total Younger than 30 47 5 52 30 to 39 91 7 98 40 to 49 21 1 22 50 and older 23 0 23 Breakdown of New Graduate Hires by Job Category (for FYE March 2021 on a non-consolidated basis) Category Male Female Total Career-track employee (in technological fields) 208 22 230 Career-track employee (in other fields) 32 6 38 Clerk 52 17 69 Skilled worker 269 26 295 Comparison of Fixed Wages between Male and Female Employees (for FYE March 2021 on a non-consolidated basis) Fixed Wages Male:Female Managers 1 : 0.93 General employees 1 : 0.89 * The same salary system is adopted for both male and female employees. Differences in fixed wages are due to age- and job grade-related differences. (FYE March) Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 106
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | | CSR | Community
Customers
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Composition of Employees (Non-consolidated) Composition of Employees by Age Composition of Mid-career Hires by Age
(FYE March) (for FYE March 2021 on a non-consolidated basis) (for FYE March 2021 on a non-consolidated basis)
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
Age Male Female Total Age Male Female Total
Male 94 93 93 93 93 Younger than 30 4,478 464 4,942 Younger than 30 47 5 52
Male to female
ratio (%)
Female 6 7 7 7 7 30 to 39 3,960 235 4,195 30 to 39 91 7 98
40 to 49 4,020 353 4,373 40 to 49 21 1 22
Average age 38.5 38.6 38.5 37.4 39.0
50 to 59 2,918 137 3,055 50 and older 23 0 23
Average length of service
15.8 15.9 15.8 15.8 16.0
(Years)
Male 1,028 1,020 1,030 1,051 1,062
Number of Breakdown of New Graduate Hires by Job Category Comparison of Fixed Wages between Male and Female Employees
managers (for FYE March 2021 on a non-consolidated basis) (for FYE March 2021 on a non-consolidated basis)
(Persons)
Female 11 13 14 20 21 Category Male Female Total Fixed Wages Male:Female
Career-track employee
208 22 230 Managers 1 : 0.93
(in technological fields)
Male 479 494 473 498 561
Number of new Career-track employee
graduate hires (in other fields) 32 6 38 General employees 1 : 0.89
(Persons)
Female 69 80 74 68 71
Clerk 52 17 69 * T he same salary system is adopted for both male and female employees. Differences
in fixed wages are due to age- and job grade-related differences.
Male 397 221 317 161 182 Skilled worker 269 26 295
Number of
mid-career
hires (Persons)
Female 23 15 15 24 13
Number of employees
who quit the company 258 249 339 329 354
(Persons)
[TABLE] 2017 | 2018 | 2019 | 2020 | 2021
[TABLE] Male | 94 | 93 | 93 | 93
[TABLE] Female | 6 | 7 | 7 | 7
[TABLE] 38.5 | 38.6 | 38.5 | 37.4
[TABLE] 15.8 | 15.9 | 15.8 | 15.8
[TABLE] Male | 1,028 | 1,020 | 1,030 | 1,051
[TABLE] Female | 11 | 13 | 14 | 20
[TABLE] Male | 479 | 494 | 473 | 498
[TABLE] Female | 69 | 80 | 74 | 68
[TABLE] Male | 397 | 221 | 317 | 161
[TABLE] Female | 23 | 15 | 15 | 24
[TABLE] 258 | 249 | 339 | 329
[TABLE] Age | Male | Female | Total
[TABLE] 4,478 | 464
[TABLE] 3,960 | 235
[TABLE] 4,020 | 353
[TABLE] 2,918 | 137
[TABLE] Age | Male | Female | Total
[TABLE] 47 | 5
[TABLE] 91 | 7
[TABLE] 21 | 1
[TABLE] 23 | 0
[TABLE] Category | Male | Female | Total
[TABLE] 208 | 22
[TABLE] 32 | 6
[TABLE] 52 | 17
[TABLE] 269 | 26
[TABLE] Fixed Wages | Male:Female

[PAGE 108]
107 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The Subaru Group strives to put Customers First in all business activities. SUBARU is promoting customer satisfaction (CS) activities across the Group, particularly at dealerships, so that customers continue to choose our brand for “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind,” with the aim of achieving our mid-term management vision “STEP.” Our Approach Customers SUBARU Customer Center: SUBARU Call SUBARU seeks to deliver “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” by adopting closeness to customers, and sincerely addressing their inquiries and difficulties as our basic principles of conduct in dealing with customers. We also feed our customers’ valuable opinions, requests, and comments back to relevant departments, which reflect them in quality and product improvements, as well as making good use of them to enhance solutions and after-sales service. Initiatives SUBARU Customer Center: SUBARU Call SUBARU Call 0120-052215 Calls are recorded to improve the quality of SUBARU’s services. Thank you for your understanding. The SUBARU Customer Center will ask you for the following information: 1. Your opinions/impressions 2. Details (catalog, dealership, change of address, others) 3. Inquiries/consultations (For inquiries about your personal vehicle, please have any related documentation, including serial or certification numbers, ready for quicker support.) Hours of operation: 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. (Weekdays) 9:00 a.m. to noon, 1:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. (Saturdays, Sundays and holidays) * On Saturdays, Sundays and holidays and from noon to 1 p.m. on weekdays, only the information service for 1 and 2 is available. (Calls) 50,000 40,000 30,000 20,000 10,000 0 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 37,502 38,857 40,222 32,992 31,328 (FYE March) Annual Number of Customer Consultations Breakdown by Type of Consultation Catalog request 814 (2.6%) Questions or inquiries 21,918 (70.0%) Opinion 4,434 (14.2%) Other 3,666 (11.7%) Proposal 464 (1.5%) Change of address 32 (0.1%) FYE March 2021 31,328 Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 107
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | Customers | CSR | Community
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Customers
Our Approach Initiatives Annual Number of Customer Consultations
(Calls)
50,000
The Subaru Group strives to put Customers First in all business SUBARU Customer Center: SUBARU Call
activities. SUBARU is promoting customer satisfaction (CS) SUBARU seeks to deliver “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” by 40,000 37,502 38,857 40,222
activities across the Group, particularly at dealerships, so adopting closeness to customers, and sincerely addressing 30,000 32,992 31,328
that customers continue to choose our brand for “Enjoyment their inquiries and difficulties as our basic principles of
20,000
and Peace of Mind,” with the aim of achieving our mid-term conduct in dealing with customers. We also feed our
10,000
management vision “STEP.” customers’ valuable opinions, requests, and comments back
0
to relevant departments, which reflect them in quality and
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 (FYE March)
product improvements, as well as making good use of them
to enhance solutions and after-sales service.
Breakdown by Type of Consultation
SUBARU Customer Center: SUBARU Call Other
3,666 (11.7%)
SUBARU Call
Proposal
0120-052215 464 (1.5%)
Calls are recorded to improve the quality of SUBARU’s services.
Change of address Questions or inquiries
Thank you for your understanding.
32 (0.1%) 21,918 (70.0%)
The SUBARU Customer Center will ask you for the following Catalog request
information: 814 (2.6%)
1. Your opinions/impressions
Opinion FYE March 2021
2. Details (catalog, dealership, change of address, others)
4,434 (14.2%) 31,328
3. Inquiries/consultations
(For inquiries about your personal vehicle, please have any related documentation,
including serial or certification numbers, ready for quicker support.)
Hours of operation:
9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. (Weekdays)
9:00 a.m. to noon, 1:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. (Saturdays, Sundays and holidays)
* O n Saturdays, Sundays and holidays and from noon to 1 p.m. on weekdays,
only the information service for 1 and 2 is available.

[PAGE 109]
108 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Customer Satisfaction Survey Seeking to offer ever better service at our sales outlets, SUBARU conducts the SUBARU Customer Questionnaire directed at customers who bought a SUBARU vehicle at our dealerships. In order to take the customers’ comments and requests learned from the survey results seriously, we have established a system in which our dealerships share those comments and requests so that they can respond to customer expectations, leading to improvements. Number of Valid Responses In FYE March 2021, we once again received many opinions. Customer Satisfaction Survey Customers Dealership Sharing system for dealerships and manufacturer (1) Customer completes the questionnaire Dealership Manufacturer (2) Dealership and manufacturer promptly review the customer’s views/requests (3) Used to drive improvements at dealerships * We started use of the sharing system in FYE March 2018 Number of Valid Responses 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 No. of responses 98,127 107,350 102,571 74,148 47,970 The Subaru Training Center Evaluation of Achievements in FYE March 2021 We have expanded our survey to incorporate opinions from a broader segment of our customers, adopting a method to not only use evaluations of our achievements in FYE March 2021 and our new car owner surveys three and five years after their purchase, but also random samplings from customers who have purchased their vehicle six or more years previous. We received favorable evaluations from around 80% of respondents, as well as a variety of opinions. SUBARU and SUBARU dealerships take the views of our customers seriously and will work together on activities aimed at achieving further improvements. Human Resource Training at Dealerships SUBARU’s vision is to “Have Customers Say ‘Let’s Choose SUBARU Again’ through Our Customer Service.” We are working to develop human resources that can deliver “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” to customers. We have established the SUBARU Academy, which is dedicated to training human resources at our domestic and overseas dealerships. For dealerships in Japan, it provides training for managers, sales departments, and service departments. For overseas service staff, it provides programs meeting specific regional needs. Also, we have a Subaru Training Center in Hachioji, Tokyo, with training rooms, a test drive course, maintenance drill equipment, and accommodations for up to 135 people. Beginning in FYE March 2022, we will be changing this into an organization that can achieve both cross-functional collaboration and stronger functions, clarifying the functions, roles, and chain of command for each section and Organizational Structure of SUBARU Academy Principal Planning and implementing education for mechanics at domestic dealerships Developing domestic dealership leaders Supporting education for mechanics at overseas dealerships Developing overseas trainers Planning and implementing education for managers/salespersons at domestic dealerships Planning and implementing education for front counter service advisors and mechanics at domestic dealerships Planning and operating qualification systems, supporting training implementation, managing facilities Service Domestic Group Service Overseas Group Planning Section CA* / Management Group Service Management / Support Group Formulating overall policy and initiatives for the SUBARU Academy Planning sales contests and technology competitions Number of Trainees (Including training trips) FYE March 2021 Managers, sales staff, service staff 644 (approximately one-quarter of usual figures due to training canacellations during the COVID-19 pandemic) group with the purpose of improving the after-sales service capabilities of our domestic and overseas dealerships, as well as the planning capability and operational quality of the Academy. From FYE March 2023, we will also be promoting efforts to transform this into an online learning system. * CA: Car Life Advisor (FYE March) Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 108
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | Customers | CSR | Community
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Customer Satisfaction Survey Evaluation of Achievements in FYE March 2021 group with the purpose of improving the after-sales service
Seeking to offer ever better service at our sales outlets, We have expanded our survey to incorporate opinions from a capabilities of our domestic and overseas dealerships, as
SUBARU conducts the SUBARU Customer Questionnaire broader segment of our customers, adopting a method to not well as the planning capability and operational quality of the
directed at customers who bought a SUBARU vehicle at our only use evaluations of our achievements in FYE March 2021 Academy. From FYE March 2023, we will also be promoting
dealerships. In order to take the customers’ comments and and our new car owner surveys three and five years after their efforts to transform this into an online learning system.
requests learned from the survey results seriously, we have purchase, but also random samplings from customers who have
established a system in which our dealerships share those purchased their vehicle six or more years previous. We received Organizational Structure of SUBARU Academy
comments and requests so that they can respond to customer favorable evaluations from around 80% of respondents, as well
Planning Section
expectations, leading to improvements. as a variety of opinions. SUBARU and SUBARU dealerships take
Formulating overall policy and initiatives
the views of our customers seriously and will work together on for the SUBARU Academy
Customer Satisfaction Survey
Planning sales contests and technology competitions
activities aimed at achieving further improvements.
Sharing system
Customers for dealerships Dealership CA* / Management Group
and manufacturer Human Resource Training at Dealerships Planning and implementing education for
managers/salespersons at domestic dealerships
Dealership SUBARU’s vision is to “Have Customers Say ‘Let’s Choose
Service Management / Support Group
SUBARU Again’ through Our Customer Service.” We are
Principal
working to develop human resources that can deliver Planning and implementing education for front
counter service advisors and mechanics at domestic
“Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” to customers. dealerships
Manufacturer Planning and operating qualification systems,
We have established the SUBARU Academy, which is supporting training implementation, managing facilities
dedicated to training human resources at our domestic Service Domestic Group
and overseas dealerships. For dealerships in Japan, it
Planning and implementing education for mechanics
(1) Customer completes (2) Dealership and (3) Used to drive provides training for managers, sales departments, and at domestic dealerships
the questionnaire manufacturer promptly improvements at Developing domestic dealership leaders
review the customer’s dealerships service departments. For overseas service staff, it provides
views/requests Service Overseas Group
programs meeting specific regional needs. Also, we have
* We started use of the sharing system in FYE March 2018 a Subaru Training Center in Hachioji, Tokyo, with training Supporting education for mechanics at overseas
dealerships
rooms, a test drive course, maintenance drill equipment, and Developing overseas trainers
Number of Valid Responses accommodations for up to 135 people. Beginning in FYE March
* CA: Car Life Advisor
In FYE March 2021, we once again received many opinions. 2022, we will be changing this into
Number of Valid Responses an organization that can achieve Number of Trainees (Including training trips)
(FYE March) both cross-functional collaboration
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 and stronger functions, clarifying FYE March 2021
644
No. of 98,127 107,350 102,571 74,148 47,970 the functions, roles, and chain of Managers, sales staff, (approximately one-quarter of usual figures
responses
command for each section and service staff due to training canacellations
during the COVID-19 pandemic)
The Subaru Training Center
[TABLE] Customers
[TABLE] (1) Customer completes
the questionnaire
[TABLE] Sharing system
for dealerships
and manufacturer
[TABLE] Dealership
Manufacturer
(2) Dealership and
manufacturer promptly
review the customer’s
views/requests
[TABLE] Dealership
[TABLE] (3) Used to drive
improvements at
dealerships
[TABLE] 2017 | 2018 | 2019 | 2020 | 2021
[TABLE] 98,127 | 107,350 | 102,571 | 74,148
[TABLE] FYE March 2021

[PAGE 110]
109 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index STARS Sales Professional Certification Program To demonstrate that staff have the ability to propose “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” to customers and support them, SUBARU has established the STARS,*1 a sales professional certification program. *1 SUBARU Staff’s Training and Rating System, which helps salespersons develop themselves through repeated Off-JT (study), OJT (practice) and qualification tests (challenge). Sales STARS (as of March 2021) To determine salespersons’ certification levels, SUBARU runs tests covering areas such as knowledge, techniques, and customer service skills based on their performance on sales. Level 1 – 45 salespeople, Level 2 – 715 salespeople, Level 3 – 1,051 salespeople Service STARS (as of May 2021) For the service staff, the certification levels are determined based on the tests on service operation knowledge, customer service skills, and technical capabilities. Mechanical levels: Level S – 20 mechanics, Level 1 – 889 mechanics, Level 2 – 1,156 mechanics, Level 3 – 997 mechanics, Level 4 – 4,069 mechanics Front counter service levels: Level S – 16 persons, Level A – 486 persons, Level B – 703 persons, Level C – 2,587 persons International CS Initiatives At SUBARU, the Customer Service Division cooperates with overseas distributors on “service staff training” and “dealership support,” enabling distributors around the world to provide uniformly high-level after-sales service that meets customers’ needs through dealers. Service Staff Training To improve the technical skills of our service staff, SUBARU develops trainers who provide training to our service staff worldwide and trains service staff to be able to handle increasingly sophisticated automobile technology. We offer the Advanced Technical Training (ATT)*2 and STEP Trainer Training (STT)*3 technical programs for dealership trainers. For service staff at dealerships, we also offer the STEP*4 training program and use skill certification testing to motivate learning. These technical training programs, in addition to on- site training for all SUBARU employees, offer online training, increasing opportunities for employee participation. Moreover, SUBARU assigns external trainers certified by us to countries with annual sales of at least 1,000 cars with the aim of further enhancing service. *2 A periodic training program held for the purpose of increasing the skills of certification trainers overseas. It provides education on topics such as SUBARU’s new technology and high-level control technology. *3 A training program for certification trainers who teach the Subaru Technical Education Program (STEP). *4 A system that establishes three levels of mechanic (technician) engineering / technical skill and certifies them based on these levels. The three levels, from the beginner qualification, are Subaru Technician, Subaru Senior Technician, and Subaru Master Technician. Supporting Dealerships In order to respond to the rapid environmental changes in the automobile industry, SUBARU is making dramatic changes in its overseas markets as well, including introducing vehicles equipped with new technologies, such as electric vehicles, and launching vehicle software update support using wireless communication. The Customer Service Division provides support so that overseas dealerships can smoothly address these changes. Though close communication with dealerships is essential, the regular face-to-face meetings held up through FYE March 2020 (twice-annual meetings in Japan and locally with the eight leading countries of the U.S., Canada, Germany, Switzerland, Russia, Chile, Australia, and China) were no longer possible starting in FYE March 2021 due to impact from the global COVID-19 pandemic. We therefore utilized web conferencing in each region to ensure that quality and quantity of information sharing and discussions did not deteriorate. In December 2020, we were able to overcome time zone differences and hold a two-hour conference with simultaneous participation from nine countries, including Japan. Web conference with overseas dealerships in our eight leading countries Online Training (Lecturer Side) ATT Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 109
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | Customers | CSR | Community
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
STARS Sales Professional Certification Program International CS Initiatives Supporting Dealerships
To demonstrate that staff have the ability to propose At SUBARU, the Customer Service Division cooperates with In order to respond to the rapid environmental changes in the
“Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” to customers and support overseas distributors on “service staff training” and “dealership automobile industry, SUBARU is making dramatic changes in
them, SUBARU has established the STARS,*1 a sales support,” enabling distributors around the world to provide its overseas markets as well, including introducing vehicles
professional certification program. uniformly high-level after-sales service that meets customers’ equipped with new technologies, such as electric vehicles,
*1 SUBARU Staff’s Training and Rating System, which helps salespersons develop needs through dealers. and launching vehicle software update support using wireless
themselves through repeated Off-JT (study), OJT (practice) and qualification tests
communication. The Customer Service Division provides
(challenge).
Service Staff Training support so that overseas dealerships can smoothly address
Sales STARS (as of March 2021) To improve the technical skills of our service staff, SUBARU these changes. Though close communication with dealerships
To determine salespersons’ certification levels, SUBARU runs develops trainers who provide training to our service staff is essential, the regular face-to-face meetings held up through
tests covering areas such as knowledge, techniques, and worldwide and trains service staff to be able to handle FYE March 2020 (twice-annual meetings in Japan and locally
customer service skills based on their performance on sales. increasingly sophisticated automobile technology. We offer with the eight leading countries of the U.S., Canada, Germany,
Level 1 – 45 salespeople, Level 2 – 715 salespeople, the Advanced Technical Training (ATT)*2 and STEP Trainer Switzerland, Russia, Chile, Australia, and China) were no
Level 3 – 1,051 salespeople Training (STT)*3 technical programs for dealership trainers. longer possible starting in FYE March 2021 due to impact from
For service staff at the global COVID-19 pandemic. We therefore utilized web
Service STARS (as of May 2021) dealerships, we also conferencing in each region to ensure that quality and quantity
For the service staff, the certification levels are determined offer the STEP*4 training of information sharing and discussions did not deteriorate.
based on the tests on service operation knowledge, customer program and use skill In December 2020, we were able to overcome time zone
service skills, and technical capabilities. certification testing to differences and hold a two-hour conference with simultaneous
Mechanical levels: motivate learning. ATT participation from nine countries, including Japan.
Level S – 20 mechanics, These technical training programs, in addition to on-
Level 1 – 889 mechanics, Level 2 – 1,156 mechanics,
site training for all SUBARU employees, offer online training,
Level 3 – 997 mechanics, Level 4 – 4,069 mechanics
increasing opportunities for employee participation. Moreover,
Front counter service levels:
SUBARU assigns external trainers certified by us to countries
Level S – 16 persons, Level A – 486 persons, Level B – 703 persons,
Level C – 2,587 persons with annual sales of at least 1,000 cars with the aim of further
enhancing service.
*2 A periodic training program held for the purpose of increasing the skills of
certification trainers overseas. It provides education on topics such as SUBARU’s
new technology and high-level control technology. Web conference with overseas dealerships in our eight leading countries
*3 A training program for certification trainers who teach the Subaru Technical
Education Program (STEP).
*4 A system that establishes three levels of mechanic (technician) engineering /
technical skill and certifies them based on these levels. The three levels, from
the beginner qualification, are Subaru Technician, Subaru Senior Technician, and
Subaru Master Technician.
Online Training (Lecturer Side)

[PAGE 111]
110 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Responding to Emerging Market Needs At SUBARU, we will offer cars and services that deliver “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” in the so-called emerging markets, such as China, Asia, and South America. In China, the world's largest market, we have organized our dealerships into a group, creating a business system extending as far as services and building trust relationships with our customers in China. In addition, we have launched sales of the three-row mid-size Evoltis SUV (U.S. market product name: Ascent) in some emerging markets, meeting strong needs for the vehicle in South America and Asia. Forester (with Wing Seat) Initiatives for Customers in the Aerospace Business In the aerospace business, we continue to solve issues with customers after product delivery in order to maintain the continued operating condition of the aircraft we supply to Japan’s Self-Defense Force, Coast Guard, National Police Agency, and others. We periodically visit customers and take questionnaires in order to confirm the effectiveness of this initiative. The questionnaire covers items such as product quality, service, emergency response, and visitor response, evaluated on a five-step scale. We received 3.8 in FYE March 2019, and 3.9 in FYE March 2020, and 4.0 in FYE March 2021. We are continuing with our aim of increasing customer satisfaction. Also, SUBARU’s maintenance staff involved in manufacturing visit the land, sea, and air units of the Self- Defense Force that use our products. They exchange information on use and maintenance, develop a better understanding of the operations, and communicate extensively, leading to the improvement of their work. Going forward, we will move ahead with initiatives to understand customers’ requests in detail and to earn customer satisfaction with SUBARU’s products and services through maintenance and operations. See videos for the TRANSCARE series here. (for Japan only) SUBARU XV (with Wing Seat) Developing/Popularizing Welfare Vehicles SUBARU aspires toward sharing the happiness and freedom of living through cars for everybody. SUBARU is working to develop and increase the popularity of welfare vehicles so that people with physical handicaps and the elderly can travel by car in comfort and with peace of mind. SUBARU started producing and selling welfare vehicles in 1980 and now they are well known as the “TRANSCARE series.” It offers a wide range of options, from standard- sized cars to mini cars. SUBARU aims to develop vehicles that provide comfortable driving for both people who are in care and for care providers. In FYE March 2021, we introduced Wing Seats with side airbags to the Forester. Going forward, we will continue to take action in a variety of areas so that we can provide even more “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” to more of our customers. Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 110
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | Customers | CSR | Community
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Responding to Emerging Market Needs Developing/Popularizing Welfare Vehicles Initiatives for Customers in the Aerospace Business
At SUBARU, we will offer cars and services that deliver SUBARU aspires toward sharing the happiness and freedom In the aerospace business, we continue to solve issues with
“Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” in the so-called emerging of living through cars for everybody. SUBARU is working to customers after product delivery in order to maintain the
markets, such as China, Asia, and South America. In China, develop and increase the popularity of welfare vehicles so that continued operating condition of the aircraft we supply to
the world's largest market, we have organized our dealerships people with physical handicaps and the elderly can travel by Japan’s Self-Defense Force, Coast Guard, National Police
into a group, creating a business system extending as far as car in comfort and with peace of mind. Agency, and others. We periodically visit customers and take
services and building trust relationships with our customers in SUBARU started producing and selling welfare vehicles questionnaires in order to confirm the effectiveness of this
China. In addition, we have launched sales of the three-row in 1980 and now they are well known as the “TRANSCARE initiative. The questionnaire covers items such as product
mid-size Evoltis SUV (U.S. market product name: Ascent) in series.” It offers a wide range of options, from standard- quality, service, emergency response, and visitor response,
some emerging markets, meeting strong needs for the vehicle sized cars to mini cars. SUBARU aims to develop vehicles that evaluated on a five-step scale. We received 3.8 in FYE March
in South America and Asia. provide comfortable driving for both people who are in care 2019, and 3.9 in FYE March 2020, and 4.0 in FYE March 2021.
and for care providers. We are continuing with our aim of increasing customer satisfaction.
In FYE March 2021, we introduced Wing Seats with side Also, SUBARU’s maintenance staff involved in
airbags to the Forester. Going forward, we will continue to take manufacturing visit the land, sea, and air units of the Self-
action in a variety of areas so that we can provide even more Defense Force that use our products. They exchange
“Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” to more of our customers. information on use and maintenance, develop a better
understanding of the operations, and communicate extensively,
leading to the improvement of their work.
Going forward, we will move ahead with initiatives to
understand customers’ requests in detail and to earn customer
satisfaction with SUBARU’s products and services through
maintenance and operations.
SUBARU XV (with Wing Seat)
Forester (with Wing Seat)
See videos for the TRANSCARE series here. (for Japan only)

[PAGE 112]
111 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The modern global society faces a variety of environmental and social issues, including global warming and human rights violations. In order for companies to tackle issues like these, they must not only take action within their own organizations, but also press for action in the entire supply chain, including their business partners. To contribute to building a sustainable society, the Subaru Group strives to procure high quality, environmentally friendly parts, materials, and equipment that offer excellent cost performance. To realize this goal, it is necessary for us to establish relationships with our business partners based on equality, trust, mutual benefit, and dedication to continuous improvement. At SUBARU, the Procurement Departments of the Automotive Business and Aerospace Company participate in the Purchasing Committee, which promotes SUBARU’s CSR procurement initiatives. The action policy of the Purchasing Committee is to facilitate fair procurement practices and encourage CSR at suppliers, thereby helping to ensure fair trade between SUBARU and its business partners and cooperative CSR-based procurement throughout the supply chain. Promoting Fair Trade SUBARU maintains compliance with laws and regulations such as the Antimonopoly Act and the Act against Delay in Payment of Subcontract Proceeds, Etc., to Subcontractors. SUBARU also carries out fair trade promotion initiatives based on Automobile Industry Fair Trade Guidelines. As part of our efforts, SUBARU has set up a consultation service targeting at suppliers in SUBARU’s supply chain. In 2020, we took the Partnership Formation Oath for the purpose of coexistence and prosperity of both large companies and small to medium-sized enterprises. For employees, we provide legal and regulatory training and other programs for those in charge of procurement to elevate their understanding of proper business practices. Employee Training on Fair Trade in FYE March 2021 Automotive Business Training for new recruits (9 employees) Training for transferees (22 employees) Comprehension tests for compliance (226 employees) CSR education (170 employees) Aerospace Company Training for new recruits (4 employees) Training for transferees (8 employees) CSR education (89 employees) Our Approach Management System Initiatives CSR Procurement Fundamental Procurement Policy The Subaru Group has been promoting activities for sustainable procurement under the following basic policy. 1. CSR Procurement We engage in procurement activities in a way to harmonize people, society and the environment, and carry out our corporate social responsibility in such ways as conducting transactions paying due care to observe legal and societal rules and to protect human rights and the environment. 2. Establish Best Partnership We establish “WIN-WIN” relationships with suppliers through transactions based on mutual trust under the doctrine of good faith. 3. Fair and Open Way of Selecting Suppliers In selecting suppliers, the door is wide-open to all firms, domestic and overseas, for fair and equitable business to procure goods and services most excellent from seven perspectives: quality, cost, delivery, technical development, management, environment and society (QCDDMES). Consultation service for promoting fair-trade (Japanese version only) Partnership Formation Oath (Japanese version only) Revised in April 2020 Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 111
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | | CSR | Community
Customers
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
CSR Procurement
Our Approach Management System Initiatives
The modern global society faces a variety of environmental At SUBARU, the Procurement Departments of the Automotive Promoting Fair Trade
and social issues, including global warming and human rights Business and Aerospace Company participate in the SUBARU maintains compliance with laws and regulations such
violations. In order for companies to tackle issues like these, they Purchasing Committee, which promotes SUBARU’s CSR as the Antimonopoly Act and the Act against Delay in Payment
must not only take action within their own organizations, but procurement initiatives. of Subcontract Proceeds, Etc., to Subcontractors. SUBARU also
also press for action in the entire supply chain, including their The action policy of the Purchasing Committee is to carries out fair trade promotion initiatives based on Automobile
business partners. facilitate fair procurement practices and encourage CSR Industry Fair Trade Guidelines. As part of our efforts, SUBARU
To contribute to building a sustainable society, the Subaru at suppliers, thereby helping to ensure fair trade between has set up a consultation service targeting at suppliers in
Group strives to procure high quality, environmentally friendly SUBARU and its business partners and cooperative CSR-based SUBARU’s supply chain. In 2020, we took the Partnership
parts, materials, and equipment that offer excellent cost procurement throughout the supply chain. Formation Oath for the purpose of coexistence and prosperity
performance. To realize this goal, it is necessary for us to establish of both large companies and small to medium-sized enterprises.
relationships with our business partners based on equality, trust, For employees, we provide legal and regulatory training and
mutual benefit, and dedication to continuous improvement. other programs for those in charge of procurement to elevate
their understanding of proper business practices.
Fundamental Procurement Policy
The Subaru Group has been promoting activities for sustainable Employee Training on Fair Trade in FYE March 2021
procurement under the following basic policy.
Automotive Business
1. CSR Procurement Training for new recruits (9 employees)
We engage in procurement activities in a way to harmonize people, Training for transferees (22 employees)
society and the environment, and carry out our corporate social
Comprehension tests for compliance (226 employees)
responsibility in such ways as conducting transactions paying due care
CSR education (170 employees)
to observe legal and societal rules and to protect human rights and the
environment.
2. Establish Best Partnership Aerospace Company
We establish “WIN-WIN” relationships with suppliers through Training for new recruits (4 employees)
transactions based on mutual trust under the doctrine of good faith. Training for transferees (8 employees)
3. Fair and Open Way of Selecting Suppliers CSR education (89 employees)
In selecting suppliers, the door is wide-open to all firms, domestic and
overseas, for fair and equitable business to procure goods and services Consultation service for promoting fair-trade (Japanese version only)
most excellent from seven perspectives: quality, cost, delivery, technical Partnership Formation Oath (Japanese version only)
development, management, environment and society (QCDDMES).
Revised in April 2020

[PAGE 113]
112 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index (1) Safety and Quality Providing products and services that meet consumer and customer needs Providing appropriate information concerning products and services Ensuring safety of products and services Ensuring quality of products and services (2) Human Rights and Labor Issues Striving to avoid discrimination Respecting human rights Prohibiting child labor Prohibiting forced labor Non-use of raw materials that engender social problems (3) Environment Implementing environmental management Reducing greenhouse gas emissions Preventing air, water, and soil pollution (4) Compliance Compliance with laws Compliance with competition laws Preventing corruption (5) Information Disclosure Disclosing information to stakeholders SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines To promote SUBARU CSR procurement and help our suppliers conduct CSR activities, we created, and in FYE March 2012 began application of, the SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines. They are based on the CSR Guidelines for Suppliers of the Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association, Inc. (JAMA), and incorporate our CSR policy. In FYE March 2014, these guidelines were made company- wide, including all suppliers of the Aerospace Company, and in FYE March 2016, Subaru revised the content to incorporate the non-use of raw materials that engender social problems, such as conflict minerals.*1 In the same year in FYE March 2016, SUBARU revised the guidelines in the form of a joint edition with Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. (SIA), our local production plant in the U.S., confirming the integration of the procurement policy. We incorporated the SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy that was enacted in April 2020 as well as our Human Rights Policy. At SUBARU, compliance to these Guidelines is one of the criteria of our supplier selection. SUBARU asks not only our suppliers but also their suppliers as well to develop and promote CSR. *1 Conflict minerals: Minerals for which there is concern regarding participation in unjust acts, such as support for non-governmental armed groups, human rights violations, or illegal acts. In Dodd-Frank Act of the U.S., tin, tantalum, tungsten, and gold are specified as minerals for which there is concern that they may be a source of funding for armed groups in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and surrounding countries. Five Topics in the SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines SUBARU promotes our procurement activities based on the following basic approach. Business Partner CSR Briefing and CSR Survey At the Business Partner CSR Briefing, we present corporate policies such as our SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines in keeping with OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Business Conduct. In our annual Business Partner CSR Survey, we assess negative impact on our business partners and work with them to correct any issues discovered. In FYE March 2021, we took the following actions with a scope of approximately 550 automobile-related business partner companies (including approximately 360 in parts and raw materials, and approximately 190 in equipment and jig tools). We held the Business Partner CSR Briefing online via video distribution to help prevent the spread of COVID-19. In this briefing, we presented the importance of promoting CSR, details about the Subaru Group’s CSR activities, and made specific requests to business partners (such as compliance with the SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines). We investigated business partners’ CSR systems, CSR initiatives for their suppliers, and compliance with the SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines, referencing the results in supplier selection. In FYE March 2021, we found no issues with compliance among our business partners. We conducted questionnaires about non-Japanese employees at our business partners, and in FYE March 2021 we found no human rights violations regarding non- Japanese employees or technical training interns. We plan to continue conducting these initiatives in FYE March 2022 and onward. SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines Compliance with the law on remuneration Compliance with the law on working hours Practicing dialogue and consultation with employees Ensuring a safe and healthy working environment Providing human resource training Conservation of the eco system Saving resources and reducing waste Managing chemical substances Managing and protecting confidential information Managing export trading Protecting intellectual property Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 112
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | | CSR | Community
Customers
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines Five Topics in the SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines Business Partner CSR Briefing and CSR Survey
To promote SUBARU CSR procurement and help our suppliers SUBARU promotes our procurement activities based on the At the Business Partner CSR Briefing, we present corporate
conduct CSR activities, we created, and in FYE March 2012 following basic approach. policies such as our SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines in keeping
began application of, the SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines. with OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Business
They are based on the CSR Guidelines for Suppliers of the (1) Safety and Quality Conduct. In our annual Business Partner CSR Survey, we assess
P roviding products and services that meet consumer and customer
Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association, Inc. (JAMA), and negative impact on our business partners and work with them to
needs
incorporate our CSR policy. P roviding appropriate information concerning products and services correct any issues discovered.
In FYE March 2014, these guidelines were made company- E nsuring safety of products and services In FYE March 2021, we took the following actions with a
E nsuring quality of products and services
wide, including all suppliers of the Aerospace Company, and in scope of approximately 550 automobile-related business partner
FYE March 2016, Subaru revised the content to incorporate the (2) Human Rights and Labor Issues companies (including approximately 360 in parts and raw
non-use of raw materials that engender social problems, such as Striving to avoid discrimination C ompliance with the law on materials, and approximately 190 in equipment and jig tools).
conflict minerals.*1 In the same year in FYE March 2016, SUBARU R e s p e c t i n g h u m a n r ig hts r e m u n e ra t i o n
Pr o h i b it i n g c h i ld l ab o r C o m p l ia n c e with the law on W e held the Business Partner CSR Briefing online via video
revised the guidelines in the form of a joint edition with Subaru P rohibiting forced labor working hours distribution to help prevent the spread of COVID-19. In this
of Indiana Automotive, Inc. (SIA), our local production plant in N on-use of raw materials Practicing dialogue and briefing, we presented the importance of promoting CSR,
the U.S., confirming the integration that engender social problems E c o n n su su ri l n ta g t i a o n sa w fe it h an e d m h p e l a o l y t e h e y s details about the Subaru Group’s CSR activities, and made
of the procurement policy. We working environment specific requests to business partners (such as compliance
incorporated the SUBARU Global P t r r a o in v i i n d g ing human resource with the SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines).
Sustainability Policy that was enacted
W e investigated business partners’ CSR systems, CSR
in April 2020 as well as our Human (3) Environment
initiatives for their suppliers, and compliance with the
Rights Policy. Implementing environmental C onservation of the eco system
management S aving resources and reducing SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines, referencing the results in
At SUBARU, compliance to these Reducing greenhouse waste supplier selection. In FYE March 2021, we found no issues
Guidelines is one of the criteria of gas emissions Managing chemical substances
Preventing air, water, with compliance among our business partners.
our supplier selection. SUBARU asks
and soil pollution
W e conducted questionnaires about non-Japanese
not only our suppliers but also their
suppliers as well to develop and (4) Compliance employees at our business partners, and in FYE March
Compliance with laws Managing and protecting 2021 we found no human rights violations regarding non-
promote CSR. SUBARU Supplier CSR
Compliance with confidential information
Guidelines Japanese employees or technical training interns.
competition laws Managing export trading
*1 Conflict minerals: Minerals for which there is concern regarding participation in Preventing corruption P rotecting intellectual property We plan to continue conducting these initiatives in FYE March
unjust acts, such as support for non-governmental armed groups, human rights
2022 and onward.
violations, or illegal acts. In Dodd-Frank Act of the U.S., tin, tantalum, tungsten, (5) Information Disclosure
and gold are specified as minerals for which there is concern that they may be
Disclosing information to stakeholders
a source of funding for armed groups in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
and surrounding countries.
SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines

[PAGE 114]
113 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Responsible Mineral Procurement The Subaru Group has no intention of colluding in the infringement of human rights and environmental destruction by procuring and using conflict minerals. In FYE March 2021, upon request from our customers, SUBARU continued to conduct a conflict mineral survey targeting about 210 suppliers of parts and materials. In this survey, we referenced the OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from Conflict-Affected and High-Risk Areas, using the Conflict Minerals Reporting Template (CMRT), a questionnaire provided by the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI). We used this to trace through the supply chain and identify smelters, checking whether or not we are colluding in the infringement of human rights or contributing to sources of funding for armed groups. In FYE March 2022, we will expand the scope of our conflict mineral survey to all suppliers of automotive components and raw materials. We will also work to roll out surveys regarding minerals other than conflict minerals (tin, tantalum, tungsten and gold) such as cobalt. Going forward, SUBARU’s policy is to work toward “No use of materials engendering social problems” in partnership with our customers and suppliers as our social responsibility in procurement activities. Green Procurement Guidelines The SUBARU environmental policies state that “Our purchasing activities reflect consideration for biodiversity and other aspects of environmental protection.” We promote the procurement of parts, materials, and services from business partners who implement business activities that consider the environment. In addition, SUBARU has expressed in the “SUBARU Green Procurement Guidelines” its expectations for business partners regarding environmental initiatives. The guidelines primarily request cooperation in the following ten areas: Requirements for Suppliers Requirements concerning Suppliers’ Environmental Management 1. Compliance with environmental laws and regulations 2. Establishment of Environmental Management System (EMS) 3. Submission of Environment Manager registration forms 4. Improved environmental performance Requirements for Activities Considering the Entire Lifecycle 5. Reduction of greenhouse gases 6. Utilization of recycled resource materials 7. Appropriate management of water resources 8. Addressing biodiversity Requirements for Parts, Materials, and Services Supplied to SUBARU 9. Management of substances of concern 10. Reduction of CO2 emissions and packaging and wrapping materials in logistics Compliance to these guidelines is considered a necessary criterion for selecting business partners, and we recommend new business partners to formulate an environmental management system with the acquisition of ISO 14001 *2 third-party certification at its base. Currently, all of our Tier 1 *3 business partners have already acquired ISO 14001 certification. In case our new business partners have difficulty acquiring ISO 14001, we review their compliance status by having them submit voluntary assessment reports based on our environmental management system, while supporting them with the acquisition of Eco Action 21 *4. To those business partners who have passed our voluntary examination, SUBARU makes inquiries or performs audits as necessary and requests them to continue efforts toward early acquisition of third-party certification for environmental management. *2 International standard for environmental management systems (EMS) established by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO). It is a management system standard to certify that an organization considers the environment and has built a system for continuously reducing environmental impact. *3 Companies that directly supply parts to car manufacturers. They are primary business partners. Tier 2 business partners are companies that supply Tier 1 with those parts that make up the Tier 1 company parts. *4 Environmental conservation activity promotion program for small- and medium- size enterprises formulated by the Ministry of the Environment, Japan. It is an environmental management system that addresses three areas: environmental management systems, environmental efforts, and environmental reporting, based on the guidelines. *5 The SUBARU Green Procurement Guidelines and the Green Procurement Guidelines Aerospace Company Edition are concrete forms of the item “(3) Environment” in the SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines. SUBARU Green Procurement Guidelines *5 Green Procurement Guidelines Aerospace Company Edition *5 Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 113
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | | CSR | Community
Customers
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Responsible Mineral Procurement Green Procurement Guidelines Compliance to these guidelines is considered a necessary
The Subaru Group has no intention of colluding in the The SUBARU environmental policies state that “Our purchasing criterion for selecting business partners, and we recommend
infringement of human rights and environmental destruction by activities reflect consideration for biodiversity and other aspects new business partners to formulate an environmental
procuring and using conflict minerals. In FYE March 2021, upon of environmental protection.” We promote the procurement management system with the acquisition of ISO 14001*2
request from our customers, SUBARU continued to conduct a of parts, materials, and services from business partners who third-party certification at its base. Currently, all of our
conflict mineral survey targeting about 210 suppliers of parts implement business activities that consider the environment. Tier 1*3 business partners have already acquired ISO 14001
and materials. In addition, SUBARU has expressed in the “SUBARU Green certification. In case our new business partners have difficulty
In this survey, we referenced the OECD Due Diligence Procurement Guidelines” its expectations for business partners acquiring ISO 14001, we review their compliance status by
Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from regarding environmental initiatives. The guidelines primarily having them submit voluntary assessment reports based on our
Conflict-Affected and High-Risk Areas, using the Conflict request cooperation in the following ten areas: environmental management system, while supporting them
Minerals Reporting Template (CMRT), a questionnaire provided with the acquisition of Eco Action 21*4.
by the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI). We used this to To those business partners who have passed our voluntary
trace through the supply chain and identify smelters, checking Requirements for Suppliers examination, SUBARU makes inquiries or performs audits
whether or not we are colluding in the infringement of human Requirements concerning Suppliers’ Environmental as necessary and requests them to continue efforts toward
Management
rights or contributing to sources of funding for armed groups. early acquisition of third-party certification for environmental
1. C ompliance with environmental laws and
In FYE March 2022, we will expand the scope of our conflict management.
regulations
mineral survey to all suppliers of automotive components and 2. E stablishment of Environmental Management *2 International standard for environmental management systems (EMS) established
by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO). It is a management
raw materials. We will also work to roll out surveys regarding System (EMS)
system standard to certify that an organization considers the environment and
minerals other than conflict minerals (tin, tantalum, tungsten 3. S ubmission of Environment Manager registration has built a system for continuously reducing environmental impact.
and gold) such as cobalt. forms *3 Companies that directly supply parts to car manufacturers. They are primary
business partners. Tier 2 business partners are companies that supply Tier 1 with
Going forward, SUBARU’s policy is to work toward “No 4. Improved environmental performance those parts that make up the Tier 1 company parts.
use of materials engendering social problems” in partnership Requirements for Activities Considering the Entire *4 Environmental conservation activity promotion program for small- and medium-
with our customers and suppliers as our social responsibility in Lifecycle size enterprises formulated by the Ministry of the Environment, Japan. It is an
environmental management system that addresses three areas: environmental
procurement activities. 5. Reduction of greenhouse gases management systems, environmental efforts, and environmental reporting, based
6. Utilization of recycled resource materials on the guidelines.
7. Appropriate management of water resources SUBARU Green Procurement Guidelines*5
8. Addressing biodiversity Green Procurement Guidelines Aerospace Company Edition*5
Requirements for Parts, Materials, and Services *5 The SUBARU Green Procurement Guidelines and the Green Procurement
Guidelines Aerospace Company Edition are concrete forms of the item “(3)
Supplied to SUBARU
Environment” in the SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines.
9. Management of substances of concern
10. R eduction of CO2 emissions and packaging and
wrapping materials in logistics

[PAGE 115]
114 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Management and Reduction of Environmentally Hazardous Substances Contained in Parts SUBARU complies with laws and regulations concerning substances of concern in each country, including the REACH regulation*6 and ELV Directive*7. We perform usage surveys regarding chemical substances contained in parts to our business partners as necessary and continue to perform management of those substances. In addition, we are sequentially switching from materials that are prohibited by laws, regulations, or self-regulations such as industrial norms to alternative materials, and are working to reduce environmentally hazardous substances. In addressing the REACH Regulation, we disclose information about substances of very high concern (candidate substances for regulation) on our homepage for users of SUBARU vehicles in Europe. *6 European regulation on chemical substances, requiring all chemical substances to be subject to management or restriction measures commensurate to the risk that they pose to humans and the environment. *7 The End-of-Life Vehicles Directive: European Union (EU) directive brought into force in 2000 to reduce the environmental impact from the scrapping of used vehicles in the EU. It aims to prohibit the use of hazardous substances and promote a reduction in waste products by encouraging the reuse or recycling of used vehicles and their parts. Procurement with Consideration for Biodiversity SUBARU surveys the usages of the biological resources of leather and plant-derived materials to make sure that there is no negative impact on biodiversity during the procurement of raw materials. We are also taking measures to conserve resources, such as switching to recycled copy paper with 100% recycled paper pulp not derived from new plant resources and providing payment documents for our business partners online. As of FYE March 2022, we have switched our envelopes used in mailing payment documents to those using recycled paper for those customers who require documents via mail. Communication with Suppliers In our Automotive Business Unit, we had been hosting Policy Briefings every spring to share policies on development, quality, procurement, and production with our business partners. The Policy Briefing to be held in the spring of FYE March 2021 was postponed due to the spread of COVID-19; in early autumn, when the situation had stabilized, this was integrated with and held alongside the Cooperation Meeting and business partner award events with thorough infection control measures in place. Going forward, we will bring new forms of information exchange in collaboration with the Cooperation Meeting, reconstructing forms of communication with our business partners with the premise of adapting to such environmental changes. The Aerospace Company held the SUBARU Status Report Meeting with business partners in November 2020, followed by the 77 Business Partner and Company President Web Dialogue in January 2021. Policy Briefing and General Cooperation Meeting (joint) held with Automotive Business Unit business partners SUBARU Status Report Meeting held with Aerospace Company business partners Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 114
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | | CSR | Community
Customers
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Management and Reduction of Environmentally payment documents to those using recycled paper for those
Hazardous Substances Contained in Parts customers who require documents via mail.
SUBARU complies with laws and regulations concerning
substances of concern in each country, including the REACH Communication with Suppliers
regulation*6 and ELV Directive*7. We perform usage surveys In our Automotive Business Unit, we had been hosting Policy
regarding chemical substances contained in parts to our Briefings every spring to share policies on development,
business partners as necessary and continue to perform quality, procurement, and production with our business
management of those substances. In addition, we are partners. The Policy Briefing to be held in the spring of FYE Policy Briefing and General Cooperation Meeting (joint) held with Automotive
Business Unit business partners
sequentially switching from materials that are prohibited March 2021 was postponed due to the spread of COVID-19;
by laws, regulations, or self-regulations such as industrial in early autumn, when the situation had stabilized, this was
norms to alternative materials, and are working to reduce integrated with and held alongside the Cooperation Meeting
environmentally hazardous substances. and business partner award events with thorough infection
In addressing the REACH Regulation, we disclose control measures in place. Going forward, we will bring new
information about substances of very high concern (candidate forms of information exchange in collaboration with the
substances for regulation) on our homepage for users of Cooperation Meeting, reconstructing forms of communication
SUBARU vehicles in Europe. with our business partners with the premise of adapting to such
environmental changes.
*6 European regulation on chemical substances, requiring all chemical substances
to be subject to management or restriction measures commensurate to the risk The Aerospace Company held the SUBARU Status Report SUBARU Status Report Meeting held with
that they pose to humans and the environment. Aerospace Company business partners
Meeting with business partners in November 2020, followed by
*7 The End-of-Life Vehicles Directive: European Union (EU) directive brought into
force in 2000 to reduce the environmental impact from the scrapping of used the 77 Business Partner and Company President Web Dialogue
vehicles in the EU. It aims to prohibit the use of hazardous substances and
in January 2021.
promote a reduction in waste products by encouraging the reuse or recycling of
used vehicles and their parts.
Procurement with Consideration for Biodiversity
SUBARU surveys the usages of the biological resources of
leather and plant-derived materials to make sure that there is
no negative impact on biodiversity during the procurement of
raw materials.
We are also taking measures to conserve resources, such
as switching to recycled copy paper with 100% recycled paper
pulp not derived from new plant resources and providing
payment documents for our business partners online. As of FYE
March 2022, we have switched our envelopes used in mailing

[PAGE 116]
115 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Community Engagement The Subaru Group has developed its social contribution policy in the hope of ingraining the practice of social contribution into corporate culture and to foster sincere commitment to such practice. In accordance with the policy, we promote social contribution activities in the four fields— activity in the community, environment, road traffic safety, and sports and culture—which we have selected as befitting a socially responsible transportation equipment manufacturer. In FYE March 2020, we established a community engagement vision for 2025, in addition to a set of 2025 visions for the Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR. Aiming at this vision, we will pursue social contribution initiatives based on the decision to become a company “delivering happiness to all,” as described in the mid- term management vision “STEP.” SUBARU has established the Social Contribution Committee to actively promote and continue community engagement activities that make use of our technology and expertise. With participation of business site directors, the Committee works to advance community engagement initiatives. Under the Committee, the cross-organizational Planning Subcommittee has been created to discuss issues related to companywide activities, ranging from planning and preparation to implementation, evaluation and review. The Committee meets every six months to compile reported activity results and issues, and discuss improvement plans to invigorate efforts. Our Approach Management System Social Contribution Policy 1. We contribute to the development of science and technology and automobile culture and to the promotion of road safety. 2. We contribute to the fostering of human resources who understand the pleasure, importance and preciousness of creative manufacturing. 3. We contribute to the development of the communities in which we operate. 4. We support each other in contributing to society as good citizens. The Four Fields of Community Engagement Initiatives Sports and culture Activity in the community Road traffic safety Environment Fields with close connections to the Subaru Group’s business activities Fields where we engage in activities that only the Subaru Group can undertake Social Contribution Committee: organization chart Sustainability Committee* Chair: Representative Director and President Report Review Social Contribution Committee Chair: Director in charge of Sustainability Promotion Department Head Office member Tokyo member Gunma member Utsunomiya member Planning Subcommittee Secretariat: Sustainability Promotion Departmennt Vision for 2025 1. The background and reasons that the four fields were selected for social contribution initiatives are fully understood and ingrained across the Subaru Group. 2. The Subaru Group is developing activities in consideration of the four fields. 3. The Subaru Group’s entire workforce is fully aware of the importance of community engagement Social Contribution Committee meeting Established in March 2005 Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement * Renamed in FYE March 2022 from the CSR Committee.

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 115
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | | CSR | Community
Customers
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Community Engagement
Our Approach The Four Fields of Community Engagement Initiatives Management System
The Subaru Group has developed its social contribution SUBARU has established the Social Contribution Committee
Sports
policy in the hope of ingraining the practice of social and to actively promote and continue community engagement
culture
contribution into corporate culture and to foster sincere Fields where we engage in activities activities that make use of our technology and expertise. With
that only the Subaru Group
commitment to such practice. In accordance with the policy, can undertake participation of business site directors, the Committee works
we promote social contribution activities in the four fields— Activity to advance community engagement initiatives. Under the
in the
activity in the community, environment, road traffic safety, community Committee, the cross-organizational Planning Subcommittee
and sports and culture—which we have selected as befitting a Fields with close connections to has been created to discuss issues related to companywide
the Subaru Group’s
socially responsible transportation equipment manufacturer. Road traffic Environment business activities activities, ranging from planning and preparation to
safety
In FYE March 2020, we established a community engagement implementation, evaluation and review. The Committee meets
vision for 2025, in addition to a set of 2025 visions for the Group’s every six months to compile reported activity results and issues,
Six Priority Areas for CSR. Aiming at this vision, we will pursue and discuss improvement plans to invigorate efforts.
social contribution initiatives based on the decision to become a
company “delivering happiness to all,” as described in the mid- Social Contribution Committee: organization chart
term management vision “STEP.” Sustainability Committee*
Vision for 2025
Chair: Representative Director and President
1. The background and reasons that the four fields
Report Review
Social Contribution Policy were selected for social contribution initiatives are
Social Contribution Committee
1. W e contribute to the development of science and fully understood and ingrained across the Subaru
Chair: Director in charge of Sustainability Promotion Department
technology and automobile culture and to the Group.
Secretariat:
promotion of road safety. 2. The Subaru Group is developing activities in Sustainability Promotion Departmennt
2. W e contribute to the fostering of human resources consideration of the four fields.
who understand the pleasure, importance and 3. The Subaru Group’s entire workforce is fully aware
Head Office Tokyo Gunma Utsunomiya Planning
preciousness of creative manufacturing. of the importance of community engagement member member member member Subcommittee
3. W e contribute to the development of the * Renamed in FYE March 2022 from the CSR Committee.
communities in which we operate.
4. W e support each other in contributing to society as
good citizens.
Established in March 2005
Social Contribution Committee meeting
[TABLE] Sustainability Committee*
[TABLE] Chair: Representative Director and President
[TABLE] Social Contribution Committee
[TABLE] Chair: Director in charge of Sustainability Promotion Department

[PAGE 117]
116 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Activity in the Community: in Japan Communication with Local Residents (Gunma Plant, Utsunomiya Plant) SUBARU strives to communicate with people living in districts where its offices, plants and company housing facilities are located, aiming to become a corporate citizen open to the community. At the Gunma Plant, we send representatives to town council member homes every month to exchange information and explain the company’s current situation and its environmental activities. Our annual factory tours for local residents were canceled in FYE March 2021 to help prevent the spread of COVID-19. However, in the event of potential noise or vibration caused by construction work, we work to make neighbors aware of the situation in advance, visiting their homes to provide explanations and issuing postings in the area. We also make regular visits during the construction period and check up on the situation. The Utsunomiya Plant organizes community events in a bid to increase communication with local residents. In addition, when conducting construction work that may generate noise and vibration, we visit the relevant community associations in advance to explain and ask for understanding from local residents. We also distribute related information directly, as appropriate, to the individual households concerned. Factory Tours (Gunma Plant, Utsunomiya Plant) ‌Gunma Plant The Gunma Plant welcomes general visitors to factory tours, and also hosts elementary school field trip programs. In FYE March 2021, though we halted new applications for factory tours as a countermeasure against COVID-19, we launched remote factory tours and simulated factory tours at schools in November, with participation from 6,273 children across 125 schools. Since each of these are conducted at the participating schools, they offer a safe way for students to experience social studies tours in their ordinary learning environment, earning high praise from teachers. Going forward, we will also invite students from distant schools to take part in our remote factory tours, showing more people SUBARU vehicle manufacturing style. Utsunomiya Plant Since FYE March 2018, the Utsunomiya Plant has been accepting 50 school children each year to go on Environmentally Friendly Factory Tours, an environmental education program sponsored by the Utsunomiya City government. The tour introduces a number of the plant’s environmental initiatives, such as the promotion of recycling, the use of solar power and technologies for fuel efficient vehicle manufacturing. Through this activity, SUBARU hopes to help children become more aware of environmental issues. Advancing SDGs Alongside Communities (Utsunomiya Plant) In March 2021, the Utsunomiya Plant registered for Tochigi Prefecture’s Tochigi SDGs Promotion Company Registration System. In the Tochigi SDGs Promotion Company Registration System, the prefectural government maintains a registry of declarations made by companies doing business in the prefecture in the topics of the environment, society, and economy. This system is designed to promote independent company actions toward the achievement of the SDGs. Going forward, we will be proactive in our actions here, linking growth at our business sites with growth of the region. Community Cleanup Activities (Gunma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant, Head Office) As part of its social contribution initiatives, SUBARU carries out cleanup activities on a regular basis in districts where its offices and plants are located. In FYE March 2021, these events were either canceled or reduced in scope; events held were given the utmost consideration for prevention of the spread of COVID-19. At the Utsunomiya Plant, we picked up garbage and conducted cleanup activities at the employee dormitory and surrounding areas. As a responsible community member, we will continue with these beautification activities to help conserve local environments. Initiatives Simulated factory tour Remote factory tour Registration Logo for Tochigi SDGs Promotion Companies Factory tour leaflet Employees engaged in cleanup activities Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 116
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | | CSR | Community
Customers
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Initiatives tours and simulated factory tours at schools in November, with Advancing SDGs Alongside Communities
participation from 6,273 children across 125 schools. Since each (Utsunomiya Plant)
of these are conducted at the participating schools, they offer In March 2021, the Utsunomiya Plant
Activity in the Community: in Japan
a safe way for students to experience social studies tours in registered for Tochigi Prefecture’s Tochigi
Communication with Local Residents their ordinary learning environment, earning high praise from SDGs Promotion Company Registration
(Gunma Plant, Utsunomiya Plant)
teachers. Going forward, we will also invite students from distant System. In the Tochigi SDGs Promotion
SUBARU strives to communicate with people living in districts
schools to take part in our remote factory tours, showing more Company Registration System, the
where its offices, plants and company housing facilities are located, people SUBARU vehicle manufacturing style. prefectural government maintains a registry Registration Logo for Tochigi
SDGs Promotion Companies
aiming to become a corporate citizen open to the community.
of declarations made by companies doing
At the Gunma Plant, we send representatives to
business in the prefecture in the topics of the environment, society,
town council member homes every month to exchange
and economy. This system is designed to promote independent
information and explain the company’s current situation and
company actions toward the achievement of the SDGs. Going
its environmental activities. Our annual factory tours for local
forward, we will be proactive in our actions here, linking growth at
residents were canceled in FYE March 2021 to help prevent
our business sites with growth of the region.
the spread of COVID-19. However, in the event of potential
noise or vibration caused by construction work, we work to
Community Cleanup Activities
make neighbors aware of the situation in advance, visiting (Gunma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant, Head Office)
their homes to provide explanations and issuing postings in Factory tour leaflet As part of its social contribution initiatives, SUBARU carries out
the area. We also make regular visits during the construction cleanup activities on a regular basis in districts where its offices
period and check up on the situation. and plants are located.
The Utsunomiya Plant organizes community events in a bid In FYE March 2021, these events were either canceled
to increase communication with local residents. In addition, or reduced in scope; events held were given the utmost
when conducting construction work that may generate noise consideration for prevention of the spread of COVID-19. At the
and vibration, we visit the relevant community associations Remote factory tour Simulated factory tour Utsunomiya Plant, we picked up garbage and conducted cleanup
in advance to explain and ask for understanding from local activities at the employee dormitory and surrounding areas.
Utsunomiya Plant
residents. We also distribute related information directly, as Since FYE March 2018, the Utsunomiya Plant has As a responsible community member, we will continue with
appropriate, to the individual households concerned. been accepting 50 school children each year to go on these beautification activities to help conserve local environments.
Environmentally Friendly Factory Tours, an environmental
Factory Tours (Gunma Plant, Utsunomiya Plant)
education program sponsored by the Utsunomiya City
G unma Plant
government. The tour introduces a number of the plant’s
The Gunma Plant welcomes general visitors to factory tours, and
environmental initiatives, such as the promotion of recycling,
also hosts elementary school field trip programs. In FYE March
the use of solar power and technologies for fuel efficient
2021, though we halted new applications for factory tours as a
vehicle manufacturing. Through this activity, SUBARU hopes to
countermeasure against COVID-19, we launched remote factory
help children become more aware of environmental issues. Employees engaged in cleanup activities

[PAGE 118]
117 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Hosting Local Community Events (Gunma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant) In order to build good relationships with the communities in which SUBARU’s offices and plants are located, we host events on our premises. We invite local residents, as listed below, while participating in various regional community events. In FYE March 2021, we canceled many events as a result of prioritizing the safety of local residents and employees, but we will continue to promote efforts to contribute to regional development. Mono-zukuri Classes (Tokyo Office) In cooperation with Subaru Techno Corporation, SUBARU holds Subaru Mono-zukuri Classes for elementary school students in Mitaka City, where SUBARU has an office. These classes teach students how SUBARU makes its vehicles, offering them the opportunity to model and run their own cars. Participants get hands-on experience, learning things like the differences between two-wheel drive (2WD) and four-wheel drive (4WD) vehicles, such as their design and handling. In 2020, though we canceled these classes as a result of prioritizing student safety, we will continue our activities to bring the joy and importance of manufacturing to as many children as possible. Activity in the Community: Overseas Factory Tours (Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.) For several years, Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. has hosted factory tours that offer an opportunity to see the car manufacturing processes firsthand and increase public understanding of SUBARU’s products. SIA runs several tour courses, including hands-on programs for students using state-of-the-art robotics, 3-D printing, VR and other technologies. Participation in Manufacturing Week (Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.) Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. participates in Manufacturing Week, a manufacturing event for local children held by a local commerce association. It is designed to help students from kindergarten to high school age learn about careers available in manufacturing industries. In FYE March 2021, events were held online to help prevent the spread of COVID-19. Employee Volunteer Activities (Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.) Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. provides employee volunteer programs in collaboration with local non-profit groups. Employees can choose from among various projects, including for food banks, environmental protection, science museums for children, and support for the homeless. Participating in Local Government Trash Pickup Activity (Subaru Canada, Inc.) Subaru Canada, Inc. contributes to local environmental beautification through government projects. Since 2005, SCI has participated in a trash pickup campaign run by the City of Mississauga on Earth Day every year, together with other local companies. While SCI could not participate in FYE March 2021 in consideration of the state of COVID-19’s spread, it has also taken part in the city’s road beautification initiatives for a number of years, working on the assigned areas three times annually. Learning about the difference between two- and four- wheel drive vehicles (FYE March 2020) Children participating in a factory tour (FYE March 2020) Campsite cleanup activities Support for local non-profit adoption support organizations Earth Day cleanup event (FYE March 2020) SCI employees participating in cleanup activities (FYE March 2020) Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 117
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | | CSR | Community
Customers
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Hosting Local Community Events Activity in the Community: Overseas groups. Employees can choose from among various projects,
(Gunma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant) including for food banks, environmental protection, science
Factory Tours (Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.)
In order to build good relationships with the communities in museums for children, and support for the homeless.
For several years, Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. has
which SUBARU’s offices and plants are located, we host events
hosted factory tours that offer an opportunity to see the car
on our premises. We invite local residents, as listed below,
manufacturing processes firsthand and increase public
while participating in various regional community events.
understanding of SUBARU’s products. SIA runs several tour
In FYE March 2021, we canceled many events as a result
courses, including hands-on programs for students using
of prioritizing the safety of local residents and employees, but
state-of-the-art robotics, 3-D printing, VR and other
we will continue to promote efforts to contribute to regional
technologies.
development.
Mono-zukuri Classes (Tokyo Office) Campsite cleanup activities Support for local non-profit adoption
support organizations
In cooperation with Subaru Techno Corporation, SUBARU
holds Subaru Mono-zukuri Classes for elementary school Participating in Local Government Trash Pickup Activity
students in Mitaka City, where SUBARU has an office. These (Subaru Canada, Inc.)
classes teach students how SUBARU makes its vehicles, Subaru Canada, Inc. contributes to local environmental
offering them the opportunity to model and run their own cars. beautification through government projects. Since 2005, SCI
Participants get hands-on experience, learning things like the has participated in a trash pickup campaign run by the City of
Children participating in a factory tour (FYE March 2020)
differences between two-wheel drive (2WD) and four-wheel Mississauga on Earth Day every year, together with other local
drive (4WD) vehicles, such as their design and handling. companies. While SCI could not participate in FYE March 2021
Participation in Manufacturing Week
In 2020, though we canceled these classes as a result of in consideration of the state of COVID-19’s spread, it has also
(Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.)
prioritizing student safety, we will continue our activities to taken part in the city’s road beautification initiatives for a number
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. participates in Manufacturing
bring the joy and importance of manufacturing to as many of years, working on the assigned areas three times annually.
Week, a manufacturing event for local children held by a local
children as possible.
commerce association. It is designed to help students from
kindergarten to high school age learn about careers available in
manufacturing industries. In FYE March 2021, events were held
online to help prevent the spread of COVID-19.
Employee Volunteer Activities
(Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.)
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. provides employee
Earth Day cleanup event (FYE March 2020) SCI employees participating in cleanup
volunteer programs in collaboration with local non-profit activities (FYE March 2020)
Learning about the difference between two- and four-
wheel drive vehicles (FYE March 2020)

[PAGE 119]
118 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Environment: in Japan Subaru Forest Project Launched in 2017, Subaru Forest Project symbolizes an essential mission of SUBARU as an automotive business and aerospace company: protecting its fields of business —the global environment comprising earth, sky and nature—to ensure the sustainability of both SUBARU and society as a whole. SUBARU is working with Bifuka-cho in Hokkaido, Gunma Prefecture, and Utsunomiya City in Tochigi Prefecture, where SUBARU has close ties with local communities. We promote forest protection activities, such as for supporting forest management, tree planting and use of thinned wood obtained from forest management work. Bifuka-cho is in discussions and preparations for purchasing credits for environmental schemes, with purchase expected in 2021 or thereafter. Teaching a School Class (Utsunomiya Plant) Starting from FYE March 2007 Utsunomiya Plant sends employees to local elementary and junior high schools to teach classes designed to increase children’s interest in the field of aerospace and the environment, seeking to raise their environmental awareness and present a future career option. Our programs contain lectures and experiments planned to learn about global warming, primarily major causes and the significance of stopping the phenomenon, as well as the principles of aircraft flight and the structure’s environment-friendly designs. In FYE March 2021, we made utmost efforts to refrain from school visits in the interest of the children’s safety. Having taught 20,624 students in total at 307 schools in Utsunomiya and Handa Districts over years, this project has become an essential local community activity. Environment: Overseas On-premise Crop Cultivation (Subaru of America, Inc.) Subaru of America, Inc. cultivates crops on fields established on the company’s premises. Company employees maintain the fields themselves, harvesting an average of around 270 kg of crops per year and donating them to local NPOs. FYE March 2021 marked the 13th year since the start of the initiative. The company harvested 184 kg of crops during this year. Employee Awareness Activities for Beijing City Waste Separation (Subaru of China, Ltd.) With new separated waste collection in Beijing City as of May 1, 2020, Subaru of China, Ltd.’s labor union conducted a Waste Separation Quiz Show over social media to help raise awareness of the practice. Quiz questions asked participants about separation methods, distributing sorting trash cans as gifts for those answering the quiz. Road Traffic Safety Traffic Safety Guidance (Utsunomiya Plant) In September 2020, the Tochigi Prefecture Traffic Safety Association sponsored the Traffic Safety Fair, a community-wide traffic accident prevention event for children and the elderly. SUBARU’s participation included providing parking lots for visitors from the community. Activities of the Association of Driving Safety Supervisors (Utsunomiya Plant) At the Utsunomiya Plant, SUBARU serves as the president of the southern Utsunomiya branch of the Tochigi Prefecture Association of Driving Safety Supervisors. We work with community associations located around the plant and the Utsunomiya Minami Police Department to promote local road traffic safety activities in order to raise awareness in the southern Utsunomiya district. Teaching a school class Quiz details SOA on-premise fields Traffic safety guidance Association of Driving Safety Supervisors in session Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 118
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | | CSR | Community
Customers
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Environment: in Japan Environment: Overseas Road Traffic Safety
Subaru Forest Project On-premise Crop Cultivation (Subaru of America, Inc.) Traffic Safety Guidance (Utsunomiya Plant)
Launched in 2017, Subaru Forest Project symbolizes an essential Subaru of America, Inc. cultivates crops on fields established In September 2020, the Tochigi Prefecture Traffic Safety
mission of SUBARU as an automotive business and aerospace on the company’s premises. Company employees maintain the Association sponsored the Traffic Safety Fair, a community-wide
company: protecting its fields of business —the global fields themselves, harvesting an average of around 270 kg of traffic accident prevention event for children and the elderly.
environment comprising earth, sky and nature—to ensure the crops per year and donating them to local NPOs. FYE March SUBARU’s participation included providing parking lots for visitors
sustainability of both SUBARU and society as a whole. 2021 marked the 13th year since the start of the initiative. The from the community.
SUBARU is working with Bifuka-cho in Hokkaido, Gunma company harvested 184 kg of crops during this year.
Prefecture, and Utsunomiya City in Tochigi Prefecture, where
SUBARU has close ties with local communities. We promote
forest protection activities, such as for supporting forest
management, tree planting and use of thinned wood obtained
from forest management work. Bifuka-cho is in discussions and
preparations for purchasing credits for environmental schemes,
Traffic safety guidance
with purchase expected in 2021 or thereafter.
Activities of the Association of Driving Safety Supervisors
SOA on-premise fields
Teaching a School Class (Utsunomiya Plant) (Utsunomiya Plant)
Starting from FYE March 2007 Utsunomiya Plant sends employees Employee Awareness Activities for Beijing City Waste At the Utsunomiya Plant, SUBARU serves as the president of
Separation (Subaru of China, Ltd.) the southern Utsunomiya branch of the Tochigi Prefecture
to local elementary and junior high schools to teach classes
With new separated waste collection in Beijing City as of Association of Driving Safety Supervisors. We work with
designed to increase children’s interest in the field of aerospace
May 1, 2020, Subaru of China, Ltd.’s labor union conducted a community associations located around the plant and the
and the environment, seeking to raise their environmental
Waste Separation Quiz Show over social media to help raise Utsunomiya Minami Police Department to promote local
awareness and present a future career option. Our programs
awareness of the practice. Quiz questions asked participants road traffic safety activities in order to raise awareness in the
contain lectures and experiments planned to learn about global
about separation methods, distributing sorting trash cans as southern Utsunomiya district.
warming, primarily major causes and the significance of stopping the
gifts for those answering the quiz.
phenomenon, as well as the principles of aircraft flight and the
structure’s environment-friendly designs. In FYE March 2021, we
made utmost efforts to refrain from school visits in the interest of
the children’s safety. Having taught 20,624 students in total at 307
schools in Utsunomiya
and Handa Districts over
years, this project has Quiz details
become an essential
local community activity.
Teaching a school class Association of Driving Safety Supervisors in session

[PAGE 120]
119 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Installing Traffic Safety Signs (Gunma Plant) In FYE March 2018, we started an initiative to install traffic safety signs on utility poles on Ota City’s school roads. As of April 2021, a total of 29 signboards have been installed in an effort to prevent traffic accidents for local residents. Sports and Culture: in Japan SUBARU’s Baseball, Track-and-Field Team Players Coach Children In November 2020, the “How to Run Faster” Class was held at the Subaru Sports Park in Oizumi Town, coached by 10 SUBARU’s track and field team members. Around 30 local elementary school children participated in the event, learning basic movements in running and studying practical training methods ahead of long-distance races in autumn. In December 2020, the Gunma Prefectural High School Baseball Skills Training Course was held at the Shikishima Baseball Stadium, with 22 players from SUBARU’s baseball team serving as instructors. Despite the many restrictions in consideration of the state of COVID-19’s spread, such as alcohol disinfection, mask- wearing, and temperature checks for all participants, the high school students attended with sincere demeanor. Providing “Lifesaving Cars” to the Japan Lifesaving Association In supporting the JLA *1 in its goal of zero water accidents, we provided a total of 12 Subaru Lifesaving Cars to the organization, holding a handover event on July 2020 at SUBARU’s head office (Shibuya Ward, Tokyo). These 12 *2 Subaru Lifesaving Cars, including Forester models, were used as mobile lifesaver units from July to August 2020 on coastlines in Kanagawa, Chiba, and Shizuoka Prefectures where beaches had not been opened. The units were loaded with equipment such as rescue boards, AEDs, and first aid kits. These vehicles were also used to tow rescue watercraft, as emergency care stations, and in a variety of other capacities. *1 The Japan Lifesaving Association (Headquarters: Minato Ward, Tokyo, Representative: Takuya Iritani, Chairman), https://jla-lifesaving.or.jp/ *2 11 units were provided by SUBARU CORPORATION and one unit provided by Kanagawa Subaru Inc. Sponsoring a Christmas Concert (Head Office) In December 2020, the Takofes Christmas Concert was held by the Higashi Ebisu Store Association at the EBiS303 (Ebisu Subaru Building). This concert, celebrating its fifth year since launching in 2016, was held with the joint support of local residents and companies, including SUBARU as a local corporate sponsor. The concert was held with rigorous measures taken to prevent COVID-19 infection. The 178 attendees enjoyed a powerful and splendorous performance from the professional orchestra. Running clinic Baseball clinic School road utility poles Vehicle handover event Subaru Lifesaving Car Christmas concert performance Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 119
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | | CSR | Community
Customers
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Installing Traffic Safety Signs (Gunma Plant) In December 2020, the Gunma Prefectural High School
In FYE March 2018, we started an initiative to install traffic Baseball Skills Training Course was held at the Shikishima Baseball
safety signs on utility poles on Ota City’s school roads. As of Stadium, with 22 players from SUBARU’s baseball team serving as
April 2021, a total of 29 signboards have been installed in an instructors. Despite the many restrictions in consideration of the
effort to prevent traffic accidents for local residents. state of COVID-19’s spread, such as alcohol disinfection, mask-
wearing, and temperature checks for all participants, the high
school students attended with sincere demeanor.
Vehicle handover event Subaru Lifesaving Car
Sponsoring a Christmas Concert (Head Office)
In December 2020, the Takofes Christmas Concert was
held by the Higashi Ebisu Store Association at the EBiS303
(Ebisu Subaru Building). This concert, celebrating its fifth
year since launching in 2016, was held with the joint support
School road utility poles
Baseball clinic
of local residents and companies, including SUBARU as a
Sports and Culture: in Japan local corporate sponsor. The concert was held with rigorous
Providing “Lifesaving Cars” to the Japan Lifesaving
SUBARU’s Baseball, Track-and-Field Team Players Coach measures taken to prevent COVID-19 infection. The 178
Association
Children attendees enjoyed a powerful and splendorous performance
In supporting the JLA*1 in its goal of zero water accidents, we
from the professional orchestra.
provided a total of 12 Subaru Lifesaving Cars to the organization,
holding a handover event on July 2020 at SUBARU’s head office
(Shibuya Ward, Tokyo). These 12*2 Subaru Lifesaving Cars,
including Forester models, were used as mobile lifesaver units
from July to August 2020 on coastlines in Kanagawa, Chiba,
and Shizuoka Prefectures where beaches had not been opened.
Running clinic
The units were loaded with equipment such as rescue boards,
AEDs, and first aid kits. These vehicles were also used to tow
In November 2020, the “How to Run Faster” Class was held
rescue watercraft, as emergency care stations, and in a variety
at the Subaru Sports Park in Oizumi Town, coached by 10
of other capacities. Christmas concert performance
SUBARU’s track and field team members. Around 30 local
*1 The Japan Lifesaving Association (Headquarters: Minato Ward, Tokyo,
elementary school children participated in the event, learning
Representative: Takuya Iritani, Chairman), https://jla-lifesaving.or.jp/
basic movements in running and studying practical training *2 11 units were provided by SUBARU CORPORATION and one unit provided by
methods ahead of long-distance races in autumn. Kanagawa Subaru Inc.

[PAGE 121]
120 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Sports and Culture: Overseas Drive-in Movie Event (Subaru Canada, Inc.) Subaru Canada, Inc. held a drive-in movie viewing for SUBARU owners. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the event was held with due caution; participants were provided with masks and alcohol disinfectants. Guests expressed their thanks for being able to attend a safe, fun event even during the difficulties of the COVID-19 pandemic. Response to the Spread of COVID-19 (Domestic) Donating Specially Designed Anti-Droplet Vehicle In September 2020, SUBARU donated a specially designed vehicle for transporting patients infected with COVID-19 to Ota Memorial Hospital, developed by the Engineering Division. This transport vehicle’s driver’s seat and rear seats are separated by a special transparent film, and the driver’s seat area is constantly pressurized in order to prevent secondary infection from the patient riding in a rear seat. This design allows drivers to transport sick patients with peace of mind. Production/Donation of Medical-Use Face Shields (Gunma Plant, Tokyo Office) In cooperation with our corporate business partners, SUBARU has produced 13,600 medical-use face shields with a team of around 500 people. These shields have been delivered to medical institutions in Gunma, Tochigi, Aichi, Tokyo, and Hokkaido, where SUBARU has business locations. Shields were also provided to boards of education in some regions. Through our efforts, medical and educational sites have had better access to face shields. Donation of Disinfection Stands and Volunteer Activities in Handa City, Aichi Prefecture (Handa Plant) SUBARU created a number of foot-operated disinfection stands using aluminum materials from dollies and shelves used in- house, donating 100 stands to the City of Handa, where SUBARU has an office. These donated stands have been installed in major public facilities around the city, such as hospitals, kindergartens, schools, and the city hall. After a number of discussions with the city about how to make local contributions amid the spread of COVID-19, we also helped in cleaning gutters, pruning trees, and painting playsets and gates at twelve elementary schools and six kindergartens in the city. Distributing Training Videos for Those Spending Time at Home In May 2020, SUBARU athletic teams released a series of videos on our official YouTube channel. The videos offer easy ways to exercise at home for those who are not quite exercising enough due to staying indoors. The track and field team published videos on exercising and stretching, while the baseball team published videos on exercising and defensive fielding techniques. These were created with the hope that people will be able to stay healthy in both body and mind even while they stay indoors. Response to the Spread of COVID-19 (Overseas) Donating Vehicles to Local University Hospital (Subaru of America, Inc.) Subaru of America, Inc. donated an Ascent SUV to Cooper University Health Care, a local university hospital in New Jersey. In the U.S., university hospitals field more than 40,000 requests for emergency medical services annually, a number expected to increase further amid the spread of COVID-19. The Ascent provided will be used as an auxiliary vehicle for these emergency medical services. Drive-in movie event The Forester transport vehicle Donated vehicle Letters of appreciation for SUBARU’s cleanup activity Disinfection stand donation Medical-use face shield YouTube video (Japanese version only) Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 120
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | | CSR | Community
Customers
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Sports and Culture: Overseas Production/Donation of Medical-Use Face Shields Distributing Training Videos for Those Spending Time at Home
Drive-in Movie Event (Subaru Canada, Inc.) (Gunma Plant, Tokyo Office) In May 2020, SUBARU athletic teams released a series of videos
In cooperation with our corporate business partners, SUBARU on our official YouTube channel. The videos offer easy ways to
Subaru Canada, Inc. held a drive-in movie viewing for SUBARU
has produced 13,600 medical-use face shields with a team of exercise at home for those who are not quite exercising enough
owners. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the event was held
around 500 people. due to staying indoors.
with due caution; participants were provided with masks and
These shields have been delivered to medical institutions in The track and field team published videos on exercising
alcohol disinfectants. Guests expressed their thanks for being
Gunma, Tochigi, Aichi, Tokyo, and Hokkaido, and stretching, while the baseball team published videos on
able to attend a safe, fun event even during the difficulties of
where SUBARU has business locations. Shields exercising and defensive fielding techniques. These were created
the COVID-19 pandemic.
were also provided to boards of education in with the hope that people will be able to stay healthy in both
some regions. Through our efforts, medical body and mind
and educational sites have had better access even while they
to face shields. stay indoors.
Medical-use face shield
Drive-in movie event Donation of Disinfection Stands and Volunteer Activities in
Handa City, Aichi Prefecture (Handa Plant)
Response to the Spread of COVID-19 (Domestic) YouTube video (Japanese version only)
SUBARU created a number of foot-operated disinfection stands
Donating Specially Designed Anti-Droplet Vehicle using aluminum materials from dollies and shelves used in-
Response to the Spread of COVID-19 (Overseas)
In September 2020, SUBARU donated a specially designed vehicle house, donating 100 stands to the City of Handa, where SUBARU
Donating Vehicles to Local University Hospital
for transporting patients infected with COVID-19 to Ota Memorial has an office. These donated stands have been installed in major (Subaru of America, Inc.)
Hospital, developed by the Engineering Division. This transport public facilities around the city, such as hospitals, kindergartens, Subaru of America, Inc. donated an Ascent SUV to Cooper University
vehicle’s driver’s seat and rear seats are separated by a special schools, and the city hall. Health Care, a local university hospital in New Jersey. In the U.S.,
transparent film, and the driver’s seat area is constantly pressurized After a number of discussions with the city about how to university hospitals field more than 40,000 requests for emergency
in order to prevent secondary infection from the patient riding make local contributions amid the spread of COVID-19, we also medical services annually, a number expected to increase further
in a rear seat. This design allows drivers to transport sick patients helped in cleaning gutters, pruning trees, and painting playsets amid the spread of COVID-19. The Ascent provided will be used as
with peace of mind. and gates at twelve elementary schools and six kindergartens in an auxiliary vehicle for these emergency medical services.
the city.
The Forester transport vehicle Disinfection stand donation Letters of appreciation for SUBARU’s Donated vehicle
cleanup activity

[PAGE 122]
121 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Indiana. This achievement was recognized by the Versiti Blood Center of Indiana. Donation of Recycled Clothing to Economically Disadvantaged Regions (Subaru of China, Ltd.) Subaru of China, Ltd.’s (SOC) labor union facilitated a donation program, sending unused clothing to people living in economically disadvantaged regions. A total of 436 items of clothing were collected from 23 SOC employees and donated. Donation to the Japan Business Society of Detroit (Subaru Research & Development, Inc.) Subaru Research & Development, Inc. made donations to the Japan Business Society of Detroit (JBSD), a Japanese business organization in the state of Michigan. Donations are used for scholarships and cultural activities. While Subaru Research & Development, Inc. had made four donations for a number of years, the company only donated three times due to voluntary restrictions on activities from COVID-19 in FYE March 2021. altering them to an online format where employees pre-order goods. We will continue to support the recovery of these regions while adapting how these events are held in keeping with the situation. Donations to Charitable Organizations through Bazaars Utilizing Commercialization Rights Since 2014, the Intellectual Property Department has been holding charity bazaars utilizing commercialization rights at local community events and in-house bazaars. At these bazaars, SUBARU sells free samples received from manufacturers selling its minicars. Proceeds from sale are donated to organizations supporting children orphaned by traffic accidents. In FYE March 2021, though bazaars were canceled since their hosting local community events were canceled, SUBARU will continue to provide support going forward. Donation, Volunteer Activities, etc.: Overseas Blood Drive (Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.) Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. (SIA) has been running a blood drive twice a year since 1991. In 2020, around 750 employees in total donated blood at sessions taking place in the company in June and December. Over the last 30 years, SIA has donated approximately 15,000 units of blood to over 80 hospitals in Employees making a blood donation Donation, Volunteer Activities, etc.: in Japan Voluntary Employee Donation System SUBARU has implemented a system where employees can easily use the company welfare program to donate to important causes. In the event of a disaster, we also offer easy donation through temporary special contact points to support the affected areas. In addition to using the company welfare program to donate in the event of a disaster, we have expanded options for employee participation as of FYE March 2021 to include our SUBARU Online Donation BOX. In December 2020, SUBARU’s employees were awarded the Golden Order of Merit*3 by the Japanese Red Cross Society for their donations. *3 The Golden Order of Merit is awarded by the Japanese Red Cross Society to companies and organizations for donating operating funds that exceed a determined amount. East Japan Reconstruction Support Sales Events (Head Office) We hold special sales events in-house with participation from the three prefectures of Iwate, Miyagi, and Fukushima, all of which were severely damaged by the Great East Japan Earthquake. These events are held under the theme of direct employee action. In addition to helping with the sale of special products from each prefecture, these events also offer a place where they can provide information about recovery status and tourist attractions. In FYE March 2021, we canceled in-person sales events, In-house bazaar (FYE March 2017) Sales event at a SUBARU conference room (FYE March 2020) The Golden Order of Merit Donation certificate Employees making a clothing donation Respect for Human Rights | Quality: Automotive Business | Quality: Aerospace Business | Making Safe Vehicles | Human Resources | Customers | CSR Procurement | Community Engagement

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment
from the President CSR | Social | Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 121
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Respect for | Quality: | Quality: | Making Safe | Human | | CSR | Community
Customers
Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Donation, Volunteer Activities, etc.: in Japan altering them to an online format where employees pre-order Indiana. This achievement was recognized by the Versiti Blood
goods. We will continue to support the recovery of these Center of Indiana.
Voluntary Employee Donation System
regions while adapting how these events are held in keeping
SUBARU has implemented a system where employees can easily
with the situation.
use the company welfare program to donate to important causes.
In the event of a disaster, we also offer easy donation through
temporary special contact points to support the affected areas.
In addition to using the company welfare program to donate in
Employees making a blood donation
the event of a disaster, we have expanded options for employee
participation as of FYE March 2021 to include our SUBARU Online
Sales event at a SUBARU conference room (FYE March 2020)
Donation of Recycled Clothing to Economically
Donation BOX.
Disadvantaged Regions (Subaru of China, Ltd.)
In December 2020, SUBARU’s employees were awarded the
Donations to Charitable Organizations through Bazaars Subaru of China, Ltd.’s (SOC) labor union facilitated a
Golden Order of Merit*3 by the Japanese Red Cross Society for
Utilizing Commercialization Rights donation program, sending unused clothing to people living
their donations.
Since 2014, the Intellectual Property Department has been in economically disadvantaged regions. A total of 436 items of
*3 The Golden Order of Merit is awarded
holding charity bazaars utilizing commercialization rights at local clothing were collected from 23 SOC employees and donated.
by the Japanese Red Cross Society
to companies and organizations for community events and in-house bazaars. At these bazaars,
donating operating funds that exceed
SUBARU sells free samples received from manufacturers selling
a determined amount.
its minicars. Proceeds from sale are donated to organizations
supporting children orphaned by traffic accidents. In FYE March
2021, though bazaars were
The Golden Order of Merit canceled since their hosting
local community events were
East Japan Reconstruction Support Sales Events canceled, SUBARU will Donation certificate Employees making a clothing donation
(Head Office) continue to provide support
We hold special sales events in-house with participation from going forward. In-house bazaar (FYE March 2017) Donation to the Japan Business Society of Detroit
the three prefectures of Iwate, Miyagi, and Fukushima, all of (Subaru Research & Development, Inc.)
which were severely damaged by the Great East Japan Donation, Volunteer Activities, etc.: Overseas Subaru Research & Development, Inc. made donations to the
Earthquake. These events are held under the theme of direct Blood Drive (Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.) Japan Business Society of Detroit (JBSD), a Japanese business
employee action. In addition to helping with the sale of special Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. (SIA) has been running a blood organization in the state of Michigan. Donations are used for
products from each prefecture, these events also offer a place drive twice a year since 1991. In 2020, around 750 employees in scholarships and cultural activities. While Subaru Research &
where they can provide information about recovery status and total donated blood at sessions taking place in the company in Development, Inc. had made four donations for a number of
tourist attractions. June and December. Over the last 30 years, SIA has donated years, the company only donated three times due to voluntary
In FYE March 2021, we canceled in-person sales events, approximately 15,000 units of blood to over 80 hospitals in restrictions on activities from COVID-19 in FYE March 2021.

[PAGE 123]
122 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index 123 Corporate Governance 140 Compliance 144 Risk Management Governance

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social
from the President CSR | Governance | Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 122
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021

[PAGE 124]
123 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Corporate Governance SUBARU has articulated the vision “Delivering happiness to all” and works on the enhancement of corporate governance as one of the top priorities of management in order to gain the satisfaction and trust of all its stakeholders by achieving sustainable growth and improving its corporate value in the medium and long term based on the Corporate Statement outlined below. Vision Delivering happiness to all Value statement “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” Corporate statement We aim to be a compelling company with a strong market presence built upon our customer-first principle. SUBARU clearly separates the function of decision making and the oversight of corporate management from that of the execution of business operations, and aims to realize effective corporate management by expediting decision making. In addition, SUBARU seeks to ensure proper decision making and the oversight of corporate management and the execution of business operations as well as enhance its risk management system and compliance system through the monitoring of its management and operations and advice provided by outside officers. We also implement proper and timely disclosure of information in order to improve the transparency of management. SUBARU has created the Corporate Governance Guidelines with the objective of clarifying the basic concept, framework, and operating policy of its corporate governance. Basic Policy History of Initiatives to Strengthen Governance Increasing transparency of management Strengthening of oversight functions Objective and transparent procedures Initiatives to enhance corporate value over the medium to long term Appropriate function of the Board of Directors 1999 Adopted a corporate vice president system 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2003 Reduced length of director terms from two years to one year 2007 Abolished executive officer retirement bonus system 2004 Established Executive Nomination Meeting 2004 Established Executive Compensation Meeting Established Corporate Governance Guidelines Introduced restricted stock compensation plan Reduction of cross-shareholdings Start of evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors 60 issues 32 issues 30 issues 18 issues 10 issues 4 issues 2 issues Abolished senior advisor system Female corporate auditor Ratio of outside directors: one third or more Female director Ratio of outside directors: one half or more Independent outside director: 1 Independent outside corporate auditor: 1 2 2 3 3 Outside directors participating: 2 Corporate Governance | Compliance | Risk Management

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social
from the President CSR | Governance | Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 123
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] 2010 | 2011 | 2012 | 2013 | 2014 | 2015 | 2016 | 2017 | 2018 | 2019 | 2020 | 2021
[TABLE] 1999 Ado | pted a corp | orate vice p | resident sy | stem
[TABLE] 2003 Red | uced length | of director | terms from | two years t | o one year
[TABLE] 2007 Abo | lished exec | utive officer | retirement | bonus syste | m
[TABLE] Establishe | d Corporat | e Governan | ce Guidelin | es
[TABLE] Abolished | senior advi | sor system
[TABLE] Independe | nt outside
[TABLE] direc | tor: 1 | 2 | 3
[TABLE] Ratio of o
one third | utside direc
or more
[TABLE] Female di
[TABLE] Indep | endent out | side
[TABLE] corp | corp | orate audit | or: 1 | 2 | 2
[TABLE] Female co | rporate au
[TABLE] 2004 Esta | blished Exe | cutive Nom | ination Mee | ting
[TABLE] 2004 Esta | blished Exe | cutive Com | pensation M | eeting
[TABLE] Outside | directors
[TABLE] particip | ating: 2 | 3
Ratio of o
directors:
one half o | 3
[TABLE] Introduce | d restricted | stock comp | ensation pl
[TABLE] Reduction | of cross-sh | areholdings
[TABLE] 60 issues | 32 issues | 30 issues | 18 issues | 10 issues | 4 issues
[TABLE] Start of ev | aluation of | the effectiv | eness of the | Board of D | irectors

[PAGE 125]
124 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index SUBARU has chosen a company with a board of corporate auditors as its corporate governance structure. The Board of Directors decides and supervises the execution of important business, and the Board of Corporate Auditors audits the execution of duties by directors. The structure enables us to achieve sounder, more efficient business operations through increased effectiveness of management monitoring by involving independent outside directors and outside corporate auditors. In addition, in order to enhance the practical governance structure based on the ongoing organizational design, we have established two voluntary meetings: the Executive Nomination Meeting and Executive Compensation Meeting. With regard to the business operation system, SUBARU has established the Executive Management Board Meeting as a preliminary consultation body to conduct deliberations on company-wide management strategies and the execution of important business before their presentation at the Board of Directors Meeting. In addition, SUBARU has adopted a vice president system and established the Executive Board Meeting as the decision-making body of each business department, and converted the Aerospace division into an internal company in order to clarify responsibilities and accelerate the execution of business operations. Board of Directors The Board of Directors ensures fairness and transparency by performing the oversight function for overall management and makes the best decisions possible for the Company through appointment, evaluation and resolution regarding the compensation of its CEO and other management team members, the assessment of material risks faced by the Company and the development of measures to deal with such risks, and decisions on the execution of important business of the Company. The Board takes these actions in the interest of effective corporate governance as well as sustainable growth and improvement of corporate value over the medium to long term. The Board of Directors consists of a maximum of 15 members, from within and outside of the Company, in accordance with the Articles of Incorporation. It is now composed of nine directors, including three outside directors, which was approved at the 90th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held in June 2021. The Chairman of the Company chairs meetings of the Board of Directors. Meetings of the Board of Directors were held 12 times in FYE March 2021 (in addition to these, there was one written Management System Corporate Governance Structure Accounting auditors General Meeting of Shareholders Executive Management Board Meeting Corporate operations departments at HQ Executive Meeting Executive Meeting Automotive Business Unit Vice Presidents Aerospace Company Group Companies Corporate Governance Meeting Sustainability Committee Executive Nomination Meeting* Executive Compensation Meeting* Social Contribution Committee Environmental Committee Risk Management and Compliance Committee Chairman: President and CEO Decision making and oversight functions Business operations execution functions Board of Corporate Auditors: 4 Corporate auditors: 2 Outside corporate auditors: 2 Board of Directors: 9 Directors: 6 Outside directors: 3 Internal Audit Department Election and dismissal Reporting Auditing Auditing Collaboration Collaboration Collaboration Auditing Reporting Reporting Accounting auditing Reporting Internal auditing Reporting Reporting Election and dismissal Proposal and reporting Appointment, dismissal and oversight Transfer of authority and oversight Submission and reporting of important matters Submission and reporting Election and dismissal Submission and reporting of important matters Policy instruction and approval of plans, etc. Plan proposal and reporting, etc. * The Executive Nomination Meeting and Executive Compensation Meeting each consist of three outside directors and two internal directors. Board of Directors’ Meeting Participation Rate Category 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 Number of meetings held 15 17 16 13 12 Attendance rate 96.3% 99.0% 98.4% 100.0% 100.0% * In addition to the number of Board of Directors’ meetings shown in the above table, there was one written resolution passed in FYE March 2019, two in FYE March 2020 and one in FYE March 2021 that have been deemed equivalent to a Board of Directors’ meeting, pursuant to Article 370 of the Companies Act and the Articles of Incorporation. Attendance rates for newly appointed directors are calculated based on the number of Board of Directors’ meetings held after their appointment. (FYE March) Corporate Governance | Compliance | Risk Management resolution passed that has been deemed equivalent to a Board of Directors’ meeting, pursuant to Article 370 of the Companies Act and the Articles of Incorporation).

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social
from the President CSR | Governance | Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 124
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Board of Directors: 9 Executive Nomination Meeting*
Directors: 6 Executive Compensation Meeting*
Outside directors: 3 * The Executive Nomination Meeting and Executive
Compensation Meeting each consist of three
outside directors and two internal directors. | and
Decision
oversight
making
functions
[TABLE] Executive Nomination Meeting*
[TABLE] Executive Compensation Meeting*
[TABLE] Corporate auditors: 2
[TABLE] Outside corporate auditors: 2
[TABLE] Directors: 6
[TABLE] Outside directors: 3
[TABLE] eporting
[TABLE] Collaboration | R
Auditin
Reportin
Auditin | R
[TABLE] Auditin
Reportin
Auditin | Auditin
[TABLE] Reportin
[TABLE] Reportin
Auditin | Reportin
Auditin | g
g
[TABLE] ing
Reportin
[TABLE] Executive Management Board Meeting
g Corporate
Chairman: President and CEO Submission and Governance Meeting
reporting of
important matters
Transfer of authority and oversight S o u f b im m p is o s r i t o a n n t a n m d a t r t e e p r o s rting Sustainability Committee
Corporate operations Social Contribution Committee
departments at HQ Vice Policy instruction
Automotive Business Unit E M xe e c e u ti t n iv g e Presidents and approval of plans, etc. Environmental Committee
Executive Meeting g Aerospace Company Pl r a e n p p o r r o ti p n o g s , a e l t a c n . d Risk Management and
Compliance Committee
Group Companies | Business
operations
execution
functions
[TABLE] departments at HQ | Executive
[TABLE] Executive
[TABLE] Automotive Business Unit | Meeting
[TABLE] Executive
Aerospace Company Meeting
Group Companies | Aerospace Company | Executive
Meeting
[TABLE] Group Companies
[TABLE] Category | 2017 | 2018 | 2019 | 2020 | 2021
[TABLE] 15 | 17 | 16 | 13
[TABLE] 96.3% | 99.0% | 98.4% | 100.0%

[PAGE 126]
125 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Board of Corporate Auditors The Board of Corporate Auditors, as an independent organization entrusted by shareholders, is responsible for ensuring the sound and sustainable growth of SUBARU and establishing a high-quality corporate governance system that can be trusted by society by performing audits of the execution of duties by directors, passing resolutions on the contents of proposal items regarding the appointment and dismissal, or non-reappointment, of accounting auditors that are to be submitted to the General Meeting of Shareholders, and performing business audits, accounting audits and other matters prescribed by laws and regulations. The body consists of a maximum of five members in accordance with the Articles of Incorporation. It is now composed of four corporate auditors, including two outside corporate auditors, which was approved at the 90th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held in June 2021. The body is chaired by the standing corporate auditor. In FYE March 2021, 12 meetings of the Board of Corporate Auditors were held. Executive Nomination Meeting To ensure the fairness and transparency of decisions on executive appointment, the Executive Nomination Meeting submits to the Board of Directors proposals of nomination of candidates for directors and corporate auditors and the appointment/dismissal of the CEO or corporate vice presidents approved following full deliberation by committee members. The Board of Directors then deliberates and resolves these proposals. For nominating candidates for corporate auditors, the Meeting seeks to obtain approval from the Board of Corporate Auditors. The Executive Nomination Meeting consists of three outside directors and two internal directors. The body is chaired by the chairman of the Board of Directors. The Executive Nomination Meeting was held once in FYE March 2021, and submitted reports on the executive structure and appointments, the division of duties of executives, and the appointment of representatives of major subsidiaries. Executive Compensation Meeting To ensure objectivity and transparency in decisions on compensation for directors, the Executive Compensation Meeting, on the basis of delegation by the Board of Directors, determines individual compensation amounts per director and other issues. Where matters concern the executive compensation system in general, such as its revision, the Board of Directors deliberates on proposals approved by the Executive Compensation Meeting and decides on them by resolution. The Executive Compensation Meeting consists of three outside directors and two internal directors. The body is chaired by the chairman of the Board of Directors. The Executive Compensation Meeting was held five times in FYE March 2021, and formulated policy for determining details of compensation for individual directors and deliberated on compensation systems, while deciding on performance- linked compensation for directors (except for outside directors) and corporate vice presidents based on evaluations and the amount of compensation claims in respect of restricted stock compensation for each individual recipient. Corporate Governance | Compliance | Risk Management

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social
from the President CSR | Governance | Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 125
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021

[PAGE 127]
126 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Directors/Auditors (As of June 23, 2021) Name Position Female Term Total Years of Service Board of Directors * Board of Corporate Auditors * Executive Nomination Meeting * Executive Compensation Meeting * Main Areas of Expertise Management (executive experience) Technology Development Manufacturing Procurement Sales Marketing Global Finance (CFO experience) Corporate ESG IT Directors Tomomi Nakamura Representative Director, President and CEO 1 year 3 years Kazuo Hosoya Director, Chairman 2 years Katsuyuki Mizuma Newly appointed Director, Executive Vice President, CFO and CRMO Newly appointed Tetsuo Onuki Director, Executive Vice President 3 years Atsushi Osaki Newly appointed Director, Executive Vice President Newly appointed Fumiaki Hayata Newly appointed Director, Executive Vice President Newly appointed Yasuyuki Abe Independent Outside Director 2 years Natsunosuke Yago Independent Outside Director 2 years Miwako Doi Independent Outside Director 1 year Corporate Auditors Yoichi Kato Newly appointed Standing Corporate Auditor 4 years Newly appointed Hiromi Tsutsumi Standing Corporate Auditor 1 year Shigeru Nosaka Independent Outside Corporate Auditor 2 years Kyoko Okada Independent Outside Corporate Auditor 2 years * and indicate attendance of the chairman and other members, respectively Note: The list above does not cover the entire scope of knowledge held by the Directors and Corporate Auditors. Corporate Governance | Compliance | Risk Management

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social
from the President CSR | Governance | Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 126
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Name | Position | Female | Term | Total
Years of
Service | Board of
Directors* | Board of
Corporate
Auditors* | Executive
Nomination
Meeting* | Executive
Compensation
Meeting* | Main Areas of Expertise
[TABLE] Management
(executive
experience) | Technology
Development | Manufacturing
Procurement | Sales
Marketing | Global | Finance
(CFO experience) | Corporate
ESG | IT
[TABLE] Representative Director,
President and CEO | 1
year | 3
years
[TABLE] Director, Chairman | 2
years
[TABLE] Director, Executive Vice President,
CFO and CRMO | Newly
appointed
[TABLE] Director,
Executive Vice President | 3
years
[TABLE] Director,
Executive Vice President | Newly
appointed
[TABLE] Director,
Executive Vice President | Newly
appointed
[TABLE] Independent Outside Director | 2
years
[TABLE] Independent Outside Director | 2
years
[TABLE] Independent Outside Director | 1
year
[TABLE] Standing Corporate Auditor | 4
years | Newly
appointed
[TABLE] Standing Corporate Auditor | 1
year
[TABLE] Independent Outside
Corporate Auditor | 2
years
[TABLE] Independent Outside
Corporate Auditor | 2
years

[PAGE 128]
127 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Approach to the CEO Succession Plan SUBARU recognizes that decision making regarding top management changes and successor selection may have a critical influence on corporate value. Therefore, in order to ensure a successful succession at the right timing, we invest substantial time and resources to carefully develop and implement succession plans. In order to hand over the business to the right person, the Board of Directors, as part of its essential duties, develops succession plans that can convince all stakeholder groups. To ensure objectivity and transparency in the process for deciding on the replacement and selection of the CEO, the Board of Directors appropriately supervises the preparation of proposals by the current CEO through discussions at the Executive Nomination Meeting. To be able to implement succession plans appropriately, the CEO begins to prepare for selection and development of his/ her successor candidates independently upon assuming office. Key processes for this purpose include providing information on candidates to outside directors on an ongoing basis, particularly by enabling the directors to monitor the candidates in person continuously in day-to-day business settings, as a measure to ensure appropriate and timely evaluation and selection down the road. The Board of Directors and Executive Nomination Meeting meet on a regular basis to review the list of essential qualities and skills required of the CEO, which may include removing and adding items, in consideration of perception of current trends, changes in the business environment surrounding the company, and the future direction of the Group’s business strategies. To ensure the objectivity of the successor selection process and increase the effectiveness of its supervision by the Board of Directors and Executive Nomination Meeting, it is important to have effective selection criteria in place, particularly for use by outside directors. Based on this view, SUBARU has established two sets of criteria: “Abilities required of the Subaru Group’s CEO” and “Five key qualities required of the Subaru Group’s CEO.” These criteria serve as a guide for evaluating candidates in light of quality, competency, experience, track record, specialized expertise, personality and other factors, which have been discussed and decided on by the Board of Directors and Executive Nomination Meeting. Abilities required of the CEO The Subaru Group’s CEO must be able to: properly understand the business environment surrounding SUBARU, its corporate culture and philosophy, business growth stages, and medium to long-term management strategies and challenges; facilitate collaboration appropriately with various stakeholders; and lead all executives and employees to work together to maximize corporate value. Five key qualities required of the CEO 1. Integrity 2. Broad perspective 3. Character 4. Tireless spirit or revolutionary leadership skills 5. Person of action Corporate Governance | Compliance | Risk Management

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social
from the President CSR | Governance | Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 127
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021

[PAGE 129]
128 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Category Training Policy/ Major Ongoing Programs Directors Corporate auditors Policy SUBARU provides its directors and corporate auditors on an ongoing basis with information and knowledge regarding its business activities that is necessary for them to fulfill their responsibilities to oversee and audit the management. • Refresher courses focusing on information regarding the Companies Act and other laws and regulations related to corporate governance • Participation in seminars and programs hosted by government agencies, Japan Federation of Economic Organizations, Japan Association of Corporate Directors, Japan Audit & Supervisory Board Members Association, etc. Outside directors Outside corporate auditors Policy SUBARU provides its outside officers on an ongoing basis with information relating to the company’s corporate statement, corporate culture, business environment and other matters, mainly through arranging appropriate opportunities, such as operations briefings from business divisions and factory tours, as well as creating an environment for officers to share information and exchange opinions more easily. • The following programs are provided to outside Board members at the time of appointment and subsequently to keep them updated - Opportunities for discussions with and briefings from responsible vice presidents about the corporate statement, corporate culture, business environment, and the performance, situation and issues of each business division/ department - Inspection tours at manufacturing/R&D/distribution sites - Discussions with directors and corporate auditors on management issues - Social gatherings with directors and corporate auditors - Participation in company-wide business events, such as improvement activity debriefing sessions Vice presidents Policy SUBARU gives vice presidents similar opportunities as those given to directors and auditors, for the purpose of developing human resources to lead its management in the future. • Participation in external programs aimed at fostering the mindset required for executive management and motivating self-improvement actions • Lectures by invited experts in specified topics to share and increase literacy in the related field (legal affairs, compliance, IT, the SDGs, media response, etc.) • Strategy building camps for all vice presidents • Recommendation and support for participation in appropriate external seminars and programs *Expenses to be incurred for offering the above training to directors and corporate auditors, including outside officers and vice presidents are borne by the company. Category Programs Provided in FYE March 2021 All executives (including outside officers) • Newly appointed vice presidents participated in different three-day external seminar programs • Classroom lectures by invited experts were held for all executives to discuss management issues • Seminars by invited experts in specified topics, including about the Companies Act, were offered via on-demand streaming • In-house presentations and exhibits were held to present information to all executives about future technologies and quality solutions • e-Learning programs about the SDGs were held in lesson and test formats using our website Outside directors Outside corporate auditors • Operations briefings offered by vice presidents and others, and related discussions were held 21 sessions in total, with participation from newly appointed outside directors • Newly appointed outside directors visited three different manufacturing sites (plants, offices) for inspection tours • Two outside corporate auditors visited five Group companies in Japan for inspection tours • The entire Board membership (nine directors and four corporate auditors) attended two semi-annual management discussion and social gathering events • Outside directors and corporate auditors participated in external exhibitions Executive Officer Training Corporate Governance | Compliance | Risk Management

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social
from the President CSR | Governance | Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 128
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Category | Training Policy/ Major Ongoing Programs
[TABLE] Category | Programs Provided in FYE March 2021

[PAGE 130]
129 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Directors, Auditors, and Executive Officers (As of June 23, 2021) Apr. 1982 Joined the Company Jun. 2004 General Manager of Marketing Planning Department, Subaru Japan Sales & Marketing Division Apr. 2011 Vice President, Senior General Manager of Strategy Development Division and General Manager of Corporate Planning Department Jun. 2011 Vice President, Chief General Manager of Strategy Development Division and General Manager of Corporate Planning Department Apr. 2013 Vice President, Senior General Manager of Subaru Global Marketing Division, Subaru Overseas Sales & Marketing Division 1 and Overseas Sales & Marketing Division 2 Apr. 2014 Senior Vice President, Chief General Manager of Subaru Overseas Sales & Marketing Division 1 Chairman and CEO (Chief Executive Officer), Subaru of America, Inc., Apr. 2016 Executive Vice President, Chief General Manager of Subaru Overseas Sales & Marketing Division 1 Chairman and CEO, Subaru of America, Inc., Apr. 2018 Executive Vice President Jun. 2018 Representative Director, President and CEO (to the present) Apr. 1982 Joined the Company May 2006 General Manager of Corporate Planning Department Jan. 2009 Senior General Manager of Subaru Japan Sales & Marketing Division Jun. 2010 President, Tokyo Subaru Inc. Apr. 2012 Vice President, General Manager of Human Resources Department Apr. 2014 Senior Vice President, General Manager of Human Resources Department and Career Support Office President, Subaru Bloom Co. Ltd. Apr. 2015 Senior Vice President, Chief General Manager of Subaru Japan Sales & Marketing Division Apr. 2016 Executive Vice President, Chief General Manager of Subaru Japan Sales & Marketing Division Mar. 2018 Retired as Executive Vice President Apr. 2018 President, Tokyo Subaru Inc. Dec. 2018 Retired as President of Tokyo Subaru Inc. Jan. 2019 Deputy President, Chief General Manager of Subaru Manufacturing Division and Gunma Plant Jun. 2019 Representative Director, Deputy President, Chief General Manager of Subaru Manufacturing Division and Gunma Plant Apr. 2020 Representative Director, Deputy President, Chief General Manager of Subaru Manufacturing Division Apr. 2021 Representative Director, Chairman Jun. 2021 Director, Chairman (to the present) Apr. 1984 Joined The Industrial Bank of Japan, Ltd. Apr. 2012 Executive Officer, General Manager of Asia & Oceania Division, Mizuho Corporate Bank, Ltd. Apr. 2014 Managing Executive Officer, Head of Asia & Oceania excl. East Asia, Mizuho Bank, Ltd. Oct. 2015 Managing Executive Officer, Mizuho Financial Group, Inc. (concurrent post) Apr. 2016 Joined the Company, Senior Vice President, Senior General Manager of Subaru Overseas Sales & Marketing Division 2 Apr. 2017 Senior Vice President, Chief General Manager of Overseas Sales & Marketing Division 2 Apr. 2018 Executive Vice President, Chief General Manager of Overseas Sales & Marketing Division 1 and Overseas Sales & Marketing Division 2 Apr. 2020 Executive Vice President, Chief General Manager of Overseas Sales & Marketing Division 2 Apr. 2021 Executive Vice President, CFO and CRMO Jun. 2021 Director, Executive Vice President, CFO and CRMO (to the present) Tomomi Nakamura Representative Director, President and CEO (Chief Executive Officer) Year of Birth: 1959 (male) Apr. 1984 Joined the Company Apr. 2006 General Manager of Design Department, Subaru Product & Portfolio Planning Division Sep. 2008 General Manager of Body Design Department, Subaru Engineering Division Apr. 2014 Vice President, Senior General Manager of Subaru Engineering Division and General Manager of Body Design Department, Subaru Engineering Division Apr. 2016 Senior Vice President, Chief General Manager of Subaru Engineering Division 1 and Subaru Technical Research Center Apr. 2018 Executive Vice President, CTO (Chief Technology Officer), Chief General Manager of Engineering Management Division and Engineering Division 1 Jun. 2018 Director, Executive Vice President, CTO, Chief General Manager of Engineering Management Division Apr. 2019 Director, Executive Vice President, CTO Apr. 2020 Director, Executive Vice President, Chief General Manager of Purchasing Division (to the present) Tetsuo Onuki Director, Executive Vice President Year of Birth: 1960 (male) Kazuo Hosoya Director, Chairman Year of Birth: 1957 (male) Apr. 1988 Joined the Company Apr. 2007 General Manager of Subaru Product & Portfolio Planning Division Jun. 2011 General Manager of Engineering Administration Department, Subaru Engineering Division Apr. 2016 Vice President, Senior General Manager of Subaru Quality Assurance Division Apr. 2017 Vice President, Chief General Manager of Subaru Quality Assurance Division Apr. 2018 Senior Vice President, CQO (Chief Quality Officer), Chief General Manager of Subaru Quality Assurance Division Jan. 2019 Senior Vice President, CQO, Chief General Manager of Quality Assurance Division and Customer Service Division Apr. 2019 Executive Vice President, CQO, Chief General Manager of Quality Assurance Division Apr. 2020 Executive Vice President, CQO, Chief General Manager of Quality Assurance Division, General Manager of Quality Assurance Management Office Apr. 2021 Executive Vice President, Chief General Manager of Subaru Manufacturing Division Jun. 2021 Director, Executive Vice President, Chief General Manager of Subaru Manufacturing Division (to the present) Atsushi Osaki Director, Executive Vice President Year of Birth: 1962 (male) Katsuyuki Mizuma Director, Executive Vice President, CFO and CRMO Year of Birth: 1960 (male) Apr. 1986 Joined the Company Apr. 2007 General Manager of Purchasing Planning Department, Subaru Purchasing Division Apr. 2015 Vice President, Senior General Manager of Subaru Overseas Sales & Marketing Division 1 General Manager of North America Sales & Marketing Department Apr. 2017 Senior Vice President, General Manager of Corporate Planning Department Apr. 2019 Senior Vice President, Chief General Manager of Corporate Planning Division Apr. 2020 Executive Vice President, Chief General Manager of Overseas Sales & Marketing Division 1, Chairman and CEO, Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. Jun. 2021 Director, Executive Vice President, Chief General Manager of Overseas Sales & Marketing Division 1, Chairman and CEO, Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. (to the present) Fumiaki Hayata Director, Executive Vice President Year of Birth: 1964 (male) Directors of the Board Corporate Governance | Compliance | Risk Management

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social
from the President CSR | Governance | Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 129
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021

[PAGE 131]
130 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Apr. 1977 Joined Sumitomo Corporation Jun. 2002 President and Representative Director, Sumisho Electronics Co., Ltd. (currently SCSK Corporation) Apr. 2005 President and Representative Director, Sumisho Information Systems Co., Ltd. (currently SCSK Corporation) Jun. 2009 Representative Director, Managing Executive Officer, General Manager of Financial & Logistics Business Unit, Sumitomo Corporation Apr. 2010 Representative Director, Managing Executive Officer, General Manager of New Industry Development & Crossfunction Business Unit, Sumitomo Corporation Apr. 2011 Representative Director, Senior Executive Operating Officer, General Manager of New Industry Development & Crossfunction Business Unit and Finance Department, Sumitomo Corporation Apr. 2013 Representative Director, Senior Executive Operating Officer, General Manager of Corporate Planning and Coordination Department, Sumitomo Corporation Jun. 2015 Advisor, Sumitomo Corporation Jun. 2016 Independent Outside Corporate Auditor, Subaru Corporation Jun. 2018 Retired as advisor at Sumitomo Corporation Jun. 2019 Retired as Independent Outside Corporate Auditor Jun. 2019 Independent Outside Director, Subaru Corporation (to the present) Yasuyuki Abe Independent Outside Directorr Year of Birth: 1952 (male) Apr. 1983 Joined the Ministry of International Trade and Industry (MITI), Japanese government (currently Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry) Jul. 2010 Director-General, Chubu Bureau of Economy, Trade and Industry, Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry Aug. 2011 Director-General, Business Environment Department, Small and Medium Enterprise Agency, Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry Sep. 2012 Councillor, Cabinet Secretariat (National Strategy Office) Dec. 2012 Deputy Director-General for Policy Evaluation, Minister’s Secretariat, Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry Jun. 2013 Director-General for Regional Economic and Industrial Policy, Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry Oct. 2014 Joined the Company as a Vice President Apr. 2015 Vice President, General Manager of External Relations Department Apr. 2016 Senior Vice President, General Manager of External Relations Department Apr. 2017 Senior Vice President, General Manager of External Relations Department, Chief General Manager of Corporate Administration Division Jun. 2017 Director, Senior Vice President, General Manager of External Relations Department, Chief General Manager of Corporate Administration Division Apr. 2018 Director, Executive Vice President, General Manager of Legal Department Oct. 2018 Director, Executive Vice President Apr. 2019 Director, Executive Vice President, CRMO (Chief Risk Management Officer) Apr. 2021 Director, Executive Vice President Jun. 2021 Standing Corporate Auditor (to the present) Yoichi Kato Standing Corporate Auditor Year of Birth: 1959 (male) Apr. 1977 Joined Ebara Corporation Jun. 2002 Executive Officer, Ebara Corporation Apr. 2004 Senior Executive Officer, General Manager of Precision Machinery Department, Ebara Corporation, Chairman and Representative Director, Ebara Precision Machinery Europe GmbH, Chairman and Representative Director, Ebara Technologies Inc., Chairman, Shanghai Ebara Precision Machinery Co., Ltd. Jun. 2004 Director, Ebara Corporation Apr. 2005 Director, Ebara Corporation, Chairman, Ebara- Densan Taiwan Manufacturing Co., Ltd. Jun. 2005 Director, President, Precision Machinery Company, Director, Fujisawa Plant Apr. 2006 Director, Managing Executive Officer, President of Precision Machinery Company, Ebara Corporation Apr. 2007 President and Representative Director, Ebara Corporation May 2007 President and Representative Director, General Manager of Internal Control Promotion Division, Ebara Corporation Jul. 2009 President and Representative Director, General Manager of Internal Control Division, Ebara Corporation Apr. 2013 Chairman, Ebara Corporation Mar. 2019 Retired as Chairman, Ebara Corporation Jun. 2019 Independent Outside Director, Subaru Corporation (to the present) Natsunosuke Yago Independent Outside Director Year of Birth: 1951 (male) Apr. 1980 Joined the Company Jun. 2002 General Manager of Corporate Communications Department Jun. 2006 General Manager of Subaru Product Planning Department, Subaru Product & Portfolio Planning Division Apr. 2013 Vice President, Chief General Manager of Subaru Customer Center Apr. 2015 Vice President, General Manager of Human Resources Department and President of Subaru Bloom Co., Ltd. Apr. 2017 Senior Vice President, General Manager of Human Resources Department Apr. 2020 Senior Vice President Jun. 2020 Standing Corporate Auditor (to the present) Hiromi Tsutsumi Standing Corporate Auditor Year of Birth: 1957 (female) Apr. 1979 Joined the Integrated Research Institute (currently Corporate Research & Development Center), Tokyo Shibaura Electric Corporation (currently Toshiba Corporation) Jul. 2005 Senior Fellow, Human Centric Laboratory, Corporate Research & Development Center Jul. 2006 Senior Fellow, Corporate Research & Development Center Jul. 2008 Chief Fellow, Corporate Research & Development Center Jun. 2014 Retired from Toshiba Corporation Jun. 2020 Independent Outside Director, Subaru Corporation (to the present) Miwako Doi Independent Outside Director Year of Birth: 1954 (female) Apr. 1976 Joined Marubeni Corporation Dec. 1989 Joined Apple Computer Japan Mar. 1996 Joined Allergan plc Nov. 1996 Joined Japan Communications Inc., Senior Executive Officer and CFO Apr. 2002 Joined Oracle Corporation Japan, Vice President under direct control of CEO, Financial Affairs Aug. 2002 Director, Senior Executive Officer and CFO Jun. 2004 Director, Executive Vice President, CFO, Finance/ Infrastructure Development/Application IT, Director of Finance Nov. 2005 Retired from Oracle Corporation Japan Oct. 2007 Executive Vice President, CFO, Finance, IT and General Affairs, Director of Finance, Oracle Corporation Japan Aug. 2008 Director, Senior Corporate Executive Officer, CFO, Finance, Facility, IT, Internal Audit Jun. 2011 Director, Executive Officer Deputy President, CFO Aug. 2018 Director, Deputy Chairman Jun. 2019 Independent Outside Corporate Auditor, Subaru Corporation (to the present) Aug. 2019 Retired as Deputy Chairman at Oracle Corporation Japan Shigeru Nosaka Independent Outside Corporate Auditor Year of Birth: 1953 (male) Apr. 1982 Joined Shiseido Co., Ltd. Sep. 2004 CSR Department Apr. 2006 Corporate Culture Department Oct. 2011 General Manager of Corporate Culture Department Oct. 2012 General Manager of Corporate Culture Department and project leader for compilation of the 150-year history Apr. 2015 General Manager of Executive Section, General Affairs Department Jun. 2015 Audit & Supervisory Board Member (standing) Mar. 2019 Retired as standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member Jun. 2019 Independent Outside Corporate Auditor, Subaru Corporation (to the present) Kyoko Okada Independent Outside Corporate Auditor Year of Birth: 1959 (female) Corporate Auditors Corporate Governance | Compliance | Risk Management

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social
from the President CSR | Governance | Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 130
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021

[PAGE 132]
131 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Chairman Kazuo Hosoya* Secretarial Office, Human Resources Department President Tomomi Nakamura* CEO (Chief Executive Officer) Aerospace Company, Quality Executive Vice President Katsuyuki Mizuma* CFO (Chief Financial Officer), CRMO (Chief Risk Management Officer) Finance & Accounting Department Executive Vice President Tetsuo Onuki* Chief General Manager of Purchasing Division, Product & Portfolio Planning Division Executive Vice President Atsushi Osaki* Chief General Manager of Manufacturing Division, China Project Office Executive Vice President Fumiaki Hayata* Chief General Manager of Overseas Sales & Marketing Division 1, Chairman and CEO of SIA1 Executive Vice President Takuji Dai CIO (Chief Information Officer) Chief General Manager of IT Strategy Division, Senior General Manager of Corporate Planning Division Senior Vice President Shoichiro Tozuka Company President of Aerospace Company Senior Vice President Tatsuro Kobayashi General Manager of Human Resources Department Senior Vice President Eiji Ogino Senior General Manager of Manufacturing Division, Chief General Manager of Gunma Plant Senior Vice President Jinya Shoji Chief General Manager of Overseas Sales & Marketing Division 2 Senior Vice President Yoichi Sato Chief General Manager of Japan Sales & Marketing Division Senior Vice President Osamu Eriguchi CQO (Chief Quality Officer) Chief General Manager of Quality Assurance Division, General Manager of Quality Assurance Management Office Senior Vice President Tomoaki Emori Chief General Manager of Corporate Planning Division Senior Vice President Tetsuo Fujinuki CTO (Chief Technology Officer) Chief General Manager of Engineering Division and Technical Research Center Vice President Yasushi Nagae General Manager of Investor Relations Department and General Administration Department, Corporate Communications Department and Sustainability Promotion Department Vice President Takeshi Seiyama Chief General Manager of Parts & Accessories Division Vice President Tatsuya Okuno Chief General Manager of Customer Service Division Vice President Tamotsu Inui Chief General Manager of Cost Planning & Management Division, Senior General Manager of Corporate Planning Division Vice President Hiroshi Wakai Company Vice President of Aerospace Company Vice President Kazuhiro Abe Chief General Manager of Product & Portfolio Planning Division Vice President Hiroshi Watahiki Senior General Manager of Engineering Division Vice President Tadashi Yoshida Senior General Manager of Overseas Sales & Marketing Division 1, Executive Vice President of SOA 2, SCI 3, NASI 4 Vice President Ryota Fukumizu President and COO of SIA 1 Vice President Shinichi Murata General Manager of External Relations Department, Risk Management Group, Intellectual Property Department Vice President Kazuki Uejima Senior General Manager of Engineering Division, General Manager of CTO’s Office 1 Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. 2 Subaru of America, Inc. 3 Subaru Canada, Inc. 4 North American Subaru, Inc. Executive Officers *Concurrently serve as a Director Corporate Governance | Compliance | Risk Management

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social
from the President CSR | Governance | Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 131
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Kazuo Hosoya*
[TABLE] Tomomi Nakamura*
[TABLE] Katsuyuki Mizuma*
[TABLE] Tetsuo Onuki*
[TABLE] Atsushi Osaki*
[TABLE] Fumiaki Hayata*
[TABLE] Takuji Dai
[TABLE] Shoichiro Tozuka
[TABLE] Tatsuro Kobayashi
[TABLE] Eiji Ogino
[TABLE] Jinya Shoji
[TABLE] Yoichi Sato
[TABLE] Osamu Eriguchi
[TABLE] Tomoaki Emori
[TABLE] Tetsuo Fujinuki
[TABLE] Yasushi Nagae
[TABLE] Takeshi Seiyama
[TABLE] Tatsuya Okuno
[TABLE] Tamotsu Inui
[TABLE] Hiroshi Wakai
[TABLE] Kazuhiro Abe
[TABLE] Hiroshi Watahiki
[TABLE] Tadashi Yoshida
[TABLE] Ryota Fukumizu
[TABLE] Shinichi Murata
[TABLE] Kazuki Uejima

[PAGE 133]
132 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Outside Directors/Outside Corporate Auditors Nomination Criteria • The outside directors are expected to perform a monitoring function independent from the management team and provide appropriate advice on the management of SUBARU on the basis of wide range of sophisticated knowledge. • The outside corporate auditors are expected to perform a management oversight function independent from the management team and undertake their role of auditing from the viewpoint of legality and appropriateness on the basis of broad and advanced knowledge. • SUBARU has established criteria for independence of outside officers in addition to the criteria for independence established by the Tokyo Stock Exchange, and appoints outside directors and outside corporate auditors who meet those criteria. Reasons for Appointing the Outside Officers and Major Activities Name Independent Officer Status* Reasons for Appointing Meeting Attendance (FYE March 2021) Significant Concurrent Positions (As of June 30, 2021) Board of Directors Board of Corporate Auditors Outside Directors Yasuyuki Abe As representative director and senior managing executive officer of Sumitomo Corporation, Mr. Yasuyuki Abe has been involved in management in both a supervisory and executional capacity, possesses extensive experience and knowledge in business management, and has an advanced understanding of the IT field. Mr. Abe has served three years as an independent outside corporate auditor for the Company since June 2016. During his tenure, he has supervised the execution of duties conducted by directors, as well as understood the true nature of the problems facing the Company and offered his frank opinions to senior management in a timely and appropriate manner. In June 2019, Mr. Abe was appointed to the position of independent outside director and has been providing beneficial advice to the Company’s management. In light of this, the Company has appointed Mr. Abe with the expectation that he will provide sufficient advice and oversight of all aspects of the Company’s management from an independent perspective when he assumes office as an outside director of the Company. Attended 12 of 12 meetings — Advisor, ORANGE AND PARTNERS CO., LTD. Outside Director, HOYA Corporation Natsunosuke Yago Mr. Natsunosuke Yago served successively as president and representative executive officer and chairman at Ebara Corporation, and has extensive experience and knowledge in business management. Mr. Yago is especially knowledgeable in the areas of internal control and governance. In June 2019, the Company has appointed him to the position of independent outside director. Given that he has been providing beneficial advice to the Company’s management based on his rich experience and wide range of knowledge, and high level of insight into the Company’s social responsibilities, we appointed Mr. Yago with the expectation that he will provide sufficient advice and oversight of all aspects of the Company’s management from an independent perspective when he assumes office as an outside director of the Company. Attended 12 of 12 meetings — President, Ebara Hatakeyama Memorial Foundation Outside Director, J. FRONT RETAILING Co., Ltd. Outside Director, PARCO CO., LTD. Miwako Doi As a researcher and supervisor in the field of information technology at Toshiba Corporation, Ms. Miwako Doi has accumulated vast experience and made many achievements in this field over many years. In addition, she has held successive positions, mainly in government committees, owing to her high level of expertise and extensive experience and knowledge. In June 2020, the Company appointed her to the position of independent outside director. Given that she has been providing beneficial advice to the Company’s management for the generation of new innovation, we appointed Ms. Doi with the expectation that she will provide sufficient advice and oversight of all aspects of the Company’s management from an independent perspective when she assumes office as an outside director of the Company. Attended 10 of 10 meetings — Auditor, National Institute of Information and Communications Technology (NICT) (part-time) Executive Vice President, Tohoku University (part-time) Executive Director, Nara Institute of Science and Technology (part-time) Visiting Professor, Osaka University of Arts Outside Director, Isetan Mitsukoshi Holdings Ltd. Outside Director, NGK Spark Plug Co., Ltd. Outside Corporate Auditors Shigeru Nosaka Mr. Shigeru Nosaka has been involved in management in both a supervisory and executional capacity as a director, executive deputy president and deputy chairman and CFO at Oracle Corporation Japan and possesses extensive experience and knowledge in business management. In June 2019, Mr. Nosaka was appointed to the position of independent outside corporate auditor and has been providing beneficial advice to the Company’s management based on his wide range of insights into finance and accounting in corporate activities. In light of this, the Company has appointed Mr. Nosaka with the expectation that he will appropriately perform the duties when he assumes office as of an outside corporate auditor of the Company. Attended 12 of 12 meetings Attended 12 of 12 meetings Corporate Auditor, dotD, Inc. Advisor, AI Dynamics Inc. Japan Kyoko Okada Ms. Kyoko Okada has accumulated extensive experience and knowledge in areas such as CSR and corporate culture at Shiseido Co., Ltd. and has a career in management auditing as a corporate auditor at Shiseido. In June 2019, Ms. Okada was appointed to the position of independent outside corporate auditor and has been providing beneficial advice to the Company’s management based on her wide range of insights into CSR and corporate culture in corporate activities. In light of this, the Company has once again appointed Ms. Okada with the expectation that she will appropriately perform the duties when she assumes office as an outside corporate auditor of the Company. Attended 12 of 12 meetings Attended 12 of 12 meetings Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Daio Paper Corporation Outside Director, JACCS Co., Ltd. Note: In addition to the number of times Board of Director meetings were held as stated in the table above, there were one written resolution that was deemed to be Board of Director resolutions in accordance with Article 370 of the Companies Act and the Articles of Incorporation of the Company. In October 2017, during Mr. Yasuyuki Abe’s tenure as an outside auditor, inappropriate actions related to a spot check and other final inspections for fuel consumption and exhaust gas were identified. Mr. Abe had no prior knowledge of the facts in question. On a daily basis, he has been providing advice on legal compliance and internal control based on insights from his ample experience. After this matter was identified, he adequately received reports on measures to determine the cause of these inappropriate actions and to prevent their reoccurrence and also provided various suggestions, thereby fulfilling his responsibilities. In September 2016, during Mr. Natsunosuke Yago’s tenure as a director at Ebara Corporation, it was discovered that construction methods used at properties were not in compliance with the Building Standards Law. This was mainly at Ebara’s affiliates. This issue was discovered when construction was carried out to replace existing drainage pipes for an apartment complex. Mr. Yago had no beforehand knowledge of said facts. On a daily basis, he has been providing advice on legal compliance and internal control based on insights from his ample experience. After this matter was identified, he adequately received reports on measures to determine the cause of these inappropriate actions and to prevent their reoccurrence and also provided various suggestions. He fulfilled his responsibilities through this and by implementing improvement measures in response to guidance by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport and the designated administrative agency. On June 17, 2019, Ms. Miwako Doi was appointed to the position of outside director at Isetan Mitsukoshi Holdings Ltd. MICARD Co. LTD., a subsidiary of Isetan Mitsukoshi Holdings, was issued an order for action by the Consumer Affairs Agency on July 8, 2019. The administrative order was issued due to misleading representation of services related to the MICARD+ GOLD card in accordance with Article 5-1 and 5-2 of the Act against Unjustifiable Premiums and Misleading Representations. An order for payment of a surcharge was issued on March 24, 2020. Ms. Doi had no beforehand knowledge of said facts. After this matter was identified, Ms. Doi has been fulfilling her responsibilities in part by pouring energies into the establishment of measures through deliberation by its Board of Directors to prevent reoccurrence of such incidents in the Isetan Mitsukoshi Holdings Group, which includes MICARD and its subsidiaries, and to make these facts common knowledge among all employees and to strengthen employee training. * Independent officers: Outside directors and outside corporate auditors with no risk of a conflict of interest with general shareholders as stipulated by the stock exchange. Corporate Governance | Compliance | Risk Management

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social
from the President CSR | Governance | Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 132
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Name | Independent
Officer
Status* | Reasons for Appointing | Meeting Attendance
(FYE March 2021) | Significant Concurrent Positions
(As of June 30, 2021)
[TABLE] Board of
Directors | Board of
Corporate
Auditors
[TABLE] As representative director and senior managing executive officer of Sumitomo Corporation, Mr. Yasuyuki Abe has been involved in management in both a supervisory
and executional capacity, possesses extensive experience and knowledge in business management, and has an advanced understanding of the IT field. Mr. Abe
has served three years as an independent outside corporate auditor for the Company since June 2016. During his tenure, he has supervised the execution of duties
conducted by directors, as well as understood the true nature of the problems facing the Company and offered his frank opinions to senior management in a timely
and appropriate manner. In June 2019, Mr. Abe was appointed to the position of independent outside director and has been providing beneficial advice to the
Company’s management. In light of this, the Company has appointed Mr. Abe with the expectation that he will provide sufficient advice and oversight of all aspects of
the Company’s management from an independent perspective when he assumes office as an outside director of the Company.
[TABLE] Mr. Natsunosuke Yago served successively as president and representative executive officer and chairman at Ebara Corporation, and has extensive experience and
knowledge in business management. Mr. Yago is especially knowledgeable in the areas of internal control and governance. In June 2019, the Company has appointed
him to the position of independent outside director. Given that he has been providing beneficial advice to the Company’s management based on his rich experience
and wide range of knowledge, and high level of insight into the Company’s social responsibilities, we appointed Mr. Yago with the expectation that he will provide
sufficient advice and oversight of all aspects of the Company’s management from an independent perspective when he assumes office as an outside director of the
Company.
[TABLE] As a researcher and supervisor in the field of information technology at Toshiba Corporation, Ms. Miwako Doi has accumulated vast experience and made many
achievements in this field over many years. In addition, she has held successive positions, mainly in government committees, owing to her high level of expertise and
extensive experience and knowledge. In June 2020, the Company appointed her to the position of independent outside director. Given that she has been providing
beneficial advice to the Company’s management for the generation of new innovation, we appointed Ms. Doi with the expectation that she will provide sufficient
advice and oversight of all aspects of the Company’s management from an independent perspective when she assumes office as an outside director of the Company.
[TABLE] Mr. Shigeru Nosaka has been involved in management in both a supervisory and executional capacity as a director, executive deputy president and deputy chairman
and CFO at Oracle Corporation Japan and possesses extensive experience and knowledge in business management. In June 2019, Mr. Nosaka was appointed to the
position of independent outside corporate auditor and has been providing beneficial advice to the Company’s management based on his wide range of insights into
finance and accounting in corporate activities. In light of this, the Company has appointed Mr. Nosaka with the expectation that he will appropriately perform the duties
when he assumes office as of an outside corporate auditor of the Company.
[TABLE] Ms. Kyoko Okada has accumulated extensive experience and knowledge in areas such as CSR and corporate culture at Shiseido Co., Ltd. and has a career in
management auditing as a corporate auditor at Shiseido. In June 2019, Ms. Okada was appointed to the position of independent outside corporate auditor and has
been providing beneficial advice to the Company’s management based on her wide range of insights into CSR and corporate culture in corporate activities. In light
of this, the Company has once again appointed Ms. Okada with the expectation that she will appropriately perform the duties when she assumes office as an outside
corporate auditor of the Company.

[PAGE 134]
133 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Matters Concerning the Policy for Determining Details of Compensation for Individual Directors SUBARU deliberated and decided on the proposal of the Policy for Determining Details of Compensation for Individual Directors approved by the Executive Compensation Meeting at the Board of Directors meeting held on May 17, 2021. To the right is the summary of the policy. 1. Basic policy As a basic policy, compensation for directors of the Company is determined in view of the following items: (1) Compensation is at a level commensurate with the roles and responsibilities of directors and is appropriate, fair, and balanced. (2) The compensation structure is determined by giving consideration to providing motivation for sustained improvement in corporate performance and corporate value and securing excellent human resources. Specifically, compensation for directors is composed of basic compensation, short-term performance-linked compensation, and restricted stock compensation (for non-resident officers, phantom stock, instead of restricted stock). For outside directors, the Company pays only basic compensation in view of their roles of fulfilling monitoring and oversight functions of corporate management from an independent position. The total amount of compensation for individual directors and the levels of each compensation item are set for every position depending on difference in responsibility by utilizing the research data compiled by outside specialized agencies. 2. Policy for determining the amount of monetary compensation excluding performance-linked compensation (hereinafter, the “Fixed Monetary Compensation”), performance-linked compensation, and non-monetary compensation (including the policy for determining the timing or conditions for granting such compensation) (1) Policy for the Fixed Monetary Compensation Directors receive the Fixed Monetary Compensation monthly as basic compensation. The amount for individual directors is determined based on their positions, taking into consideration elements such as the business environment. (2) Policy for performance-linked compensation Directors receive short-term performance-linked compensation by cash at a certain time of the year. The specific amount is determined according to a compensation table by position prepared based on the consolidated ordinary income for the current fiscal year* as a key performance indicator (KPI), adjusted according to the matrix of combined ROE and improved shareholders’ equity ratio, which are both performance indicators aligned with the Company’s capital policy, and for non-director executive officers, taking into consideration personnel development and the business environment. The Company will review the KPI as needed based on changes in the environment and reports from the Executive Compensation Meeting. (3) Policy for non-monetary compensation The Company grants restricted stock compensation to directors for the purpose of providing them an incentive for sustained improvement of the Company’s corporate value and further value sharing with the shareholders. Specifically, the Company grants monetary compensation claims to directors in consideration of the Company’s business performance, responsibilities of each director, and other factors, and directors make in-kind contributions of such monetary compensation claims to receive shares of the Company’s common stock. The maximum number of shares of the Company’s common stock to be granted as restricted stock compensation is 100,000 per year (including those issued to executive officers). In addition, the Company and eligible officers shall enter into a restricted stock allotment agreement that includes an overview and provisions that state (1) eligible directors shall not, for a set period of time, transfer, create a security interest on, or otherwise dispose of the shares of the Company’s common stock that have been allotted to them, and (2) the Company may acquire the said shares of its common stock without compensation if certain events occur. For non-resident officers, the Company grants, instead of issuing restricted stock compensation, phantom stock equivalent to such units, and the stock shall also be treated in accordance with the restricted stock allotment agreement. 3. Policy for determining the proportion of the Fixed Monetary Compensation, performance-linked compensation, and non-monetary compensation to the total amount of compensation, etc. for individual directors The Company shall appropriately determine the proportion of compensation by type of directors excluding outside directors in reference to the compensation levels and compensation mix of companies of a similar scale to the Company or industry peers obtained through an external research company, and in consideration of factors such as the Company’s overall salary level and social situations. The Company shall also prepare compensation tables for short-term performance-linked compensation and restricted stock compensation by officer position. With regard to revisions of the compensation table, proposals approved by the Executive Compensation Meeting are deliberated and decided on by the Board of Directors. 4. Matters concerning the determination of details of compensation, etc. for individual directors The Executive Compensation Meeting, by a resolution of and upon delegation by the Board of Directors, determines specific amounts of compensation, etc. of individual directors, following sufficient deliberation by its members including outside directors. Its authorities include the determination of specific amounts of basic compensation, short-term performance-linked compensation, and restricted stock compensation (for non-resident officers, phantom stock, instead of restricted stock) and their payment schedule. For restricted stock compensation, the number of shares allotted to individual directors is determined by the resolution of the Board of Directors based on decisions of the Executive Compensation Meeting. With regard to revisions of the compensation system and other matters pertaining to compensation overall, proposals approved by the Executive Compensation Meeting are deliberated and decided on by the Board of Directors. To ensure transparency and effectiveness of the executive compensation determination process, the Executive Compensation Meeting shall, by a resolution of the Board of Directors, be structured so that the majority of its members are outside directors, and its chairman shall be appointed by a resolution of the Board of Directors. Compensation for Directors The Policy for Determining Details of Compensation for Individual Directors * As the Group started to voluntarily apply the IFRS, this is a figure converted to consolidated ordinary income under the Japanese standards. Corporate Governance | Compliance | Risk Management

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social
from the President CSR | Governance | Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 133
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021

[PAGE 135]
134 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Matters concerning the resolutions of the General Meetings of Shareholders on compensation, etc. for directors and corporate auditors By a resolution passed at the 85th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders, held in June 2016, the maximum total amount of annual compensation, etc., for directors is 1.2 billion yen (including a maximum 200 million yen for outside directors). The maximum total amount of monetary compensation related to long-term incentives is 200 million yen per year, within the abovementioned limitation, by a resolution passed at the 86th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders, held in June 2017. By a resolution passed at the 75th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders, held in June 2006, the maximum total amount of annual compensation, etc., for corporate auditors is 100 million yen. Matters concerning the delegation relating to the details of compensation, etc. for individual directors SUBARU has voluntarily set up an Executive Compensation Meeting in order to enhance the effective governance structure based on the existing organizational design. By the delegation resolution of the Board of Directors, the Executive Compensation Meeting determines specific compensation amounts, etc. of individual directors, following sufficient deliberation by its members including outside directors. Its authorities include the determination of specific amounts of basic compensation, short-term performance-linked compensation, and restricted stock compensation as well as their payment schedule. For restricted stock compensation, the number of shares allotted to individual directors is determined by the resolution of the Board of Directors based on decisions of the Executive Compensation Meeting. With regard to revisions of the compensation system and other matters pertaining to compensation overall, proposals approved by the Executive Compensation Meeting are deliberated and decided on by the Board of Directors. The Executive Compensation Meeting in FYE March 2021 was comprised of two representative directors and three outside directors. Its chairman was Representative Director and President. To ensure transparency and effectiveness of the executive compensation determination process, the Executive Compensation Meeting shall, by a resolution of the Board of Directors, be structured so that the majority of its members are outside directors. Executive Compensation Meetings were held five times in FYE March 2021. The body debated the compensation structure and established a policy for determining details of compensation, etc. for individual directors. It also decided on matters such as performance-linked compensation levels for directors (except for outside directors) and executive officers based on performance evaluation, and the amount of monetary compensation claims for individuals regarding restricted stock compensation. Matters concerning performance-linked compensation, etc. In addition to the “Profit Plan for FYE March 2019-FYE March 2021 (3 years),” SUBARU announced it aims to achieve a ratio of shareholders’ equity to total assets of 50% and to maintain a minimum ROE of 10% while aiming for ROE of 15% or higher in the mid-term management vision “STEP” announced in July 2018. In accordance with these goals, the Executive Compensation Meeting, upon authorization by the Board of Directors, decided short-term performance-linked compensation levels for directors, using the consolidated ordinary income* for FYE March 2021 as the basis, making adjustment using the matrix of ROE and degrees of improvement in shareholders’ equity ratio. Short- term performance-linked compensation is not given to outside directors in view of their roles of fulfilling monitoring and oversight functions of corporate management from an independent position. * Since the Subaru Group started to voluntarily apply the IFRS to the accounts from FYE March 2020, this figure was converted to consolidated ordinary income under the Japanese standards Performance indicators used to calculate the amount of performance-linked compensation, etc. for the fiscal period under review are as follows. Details of non-monetary compensation SUBARU grants restricted stock compensation to directors for the purpose of providing them with an incentive for sustained improvement of the Company’s corporate value and promoting further value sharing with the shareholders, and pays monetary compensation for the acquisition of these. Directors shall wholly contribute the monetary compensation claim paid as above in the form of properties contributed in kind, and shall, in return, receive shares of SUBARU’s common stock through issuance or disposal. In addition, for the issuance or disposal of shares of the SUBARU’s common stock, SUBARU and eligible directors shall enter into a restricted stock allotment agreement that includes provisions such as the one to restrict the transfer of the shares for three years after the date of allotment. Restricted stock compensation is not given to outside directors in view of their roles of fulfilling monitoring and oversight functions of corporate management from an independent position. Compensation System for Directors (excluding outside directors) Basic compensation Short-term performance-linked compensation Restricted stock compensation Fixed portion Performance-linked portion Long-term incentives Performance Indicators Results Consolidated ordinary income 116.5 billion yen ROE 4.4% Equity ratio 52.1% (up 0.1% from the previous period) Total Compensation for Directors and Corporate Auditors for FYE March 2021 Total Compensation (Millions of yen) Classification Number Basic Compensation (Paid in fixed monthly installments) Short-term Performance-linked Compensation Restricted Stock Compensation Directors (excluding outside directors) 6 312 40 53 405 Corporate auditors (excluding outside corporate auditors) 3 56 — — 56 Outside directors and outside corporate auditors 6 59 — — 59 Total 15 427 40 53 520 Notes: Figures in the above table include an outside director and an internal corporate auditor who resigned before the last day of the fiscal year under review. At the end of the year, there were nine directors, including three outside directors, and four corporate auditors, including two outside corporate auditors. Corporate Governance | Compliance | Risk Management

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social
from the President CSR | Governance | Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 134
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Basic compensation | Short-term
performance-linked
compensation | Restricted stock
compensation
[TABLE] Total Compensation (Millions of yen)
[TABLE] Classification | Number | Basic Compensation
(Paid in fixed monthly
installments) | Short-term
Performance-linked
Compensation | Restricted Stock
Compensation
[TABLE] 6 | 312 | 40 | 53
[TABLE] 3 | 56 | — | —
[TABLE] 6 | 59 | — | —
[TABLE] 15 | 427 | 40 | 53

[PAGE 136]
135 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Regarding listed stocks held by SUBARU as cross-shareholdings, each year SUBARU shall have the Board of Directors examine each cross-shareholding to determine whether the purpose of holding contributes to management and business strategies in the medium and long term, and whether the benefits derived from it justify the associated capital cost to decide on whether to continue the cross-shareholding. Based on the above policy, SUBARU has steadily reduced the number of listed stocks held as cross-shareholding. As a result, 60 issues held at the end of March 2015 decreased to 2 issues at the end of March 2021. SUBARU will continue the evaluation and examination of cross-shareholdings by the Board of Directors, but in consideration of the business environment for SUBARU, we concluded that the holding of the two issues is indispensable at this point and will continue the shareholding in principle. The approval of the Board of Directors is obtained in advance where a transaction poses the risk of a conflict of interest. A report on the positions that each director has held concurrently over the past financial year is provided once a year at the April meeting of the Board of Directors (A report to confirm that there have been no improper transactions or positions held). Number of Issues of Cross-Shareholdings and Total Amount Reported on the Balance Sheet Category 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 Number of Issues (Issues) Listed 30 18 10 4 2 Unlisted 32 31 31 32 31 Total 62 49 41 36 33 Amount Listed on Balance Sheet (Millions of yen) Listed 12,795 8,836 3,138 1,922 1,727 Unlisted 544 535 535 581 569 Total 13,339 9,371 3,673 2,503 2,296 (Millions of yen) (Issues) 20,000 15,000 10,000 5,000 0 40 30 10 20 0 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 12,795 8,836 3,138 1,922 4 10 18 30 1,727 2 (FYE) Total amount reported on the balance sheet (left) Number of issues (right) Number of Listed Stocks and Total Amount Reported on the Balance Sheet Preventing Conflicts of Interest Policies for Cross-Shareholding Corporate Governance | Compliance | Risk Management (FYE March) In order to achieve sustainable growth and enhance the medium- to long-term corporate value of the Subaru Group, SUBARU has determined and published Corporate Governance Guidelines (“Guidelines”) for the purpose of communicating to all its stakeholders SUBARU’s fundamental ideas, frameworks, and management policies relating to corporate governance. SUBARU Board of Directors (“BoD”) periodically analyzes and evaluates BoD effectiveness in accordance with Article 23 of these Guidelines and considers and implements improvements to address any issues identified. In FYE March 2021, the BoD confirmed efforts to address issues recognized in the previous year, based on monitoring of points raised in the previous year’s evaluation. It also gathered, analyzed, and evaluated views on issues for investigation based on changes in the business environment due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The results of this process are reported below. Methods of evaluation and analysis (1) Timing: January 2021 (2) Respondents: Directors and auditors (13 in total) (3) Process: Self-evaluation using a questionnaire prepared by a third-party body (a) Third-party body conducts anonymous self-evaluation survey of directors and auditors (b) Third-party body aggregates and analyzes responses (c) BoD verifies and discusses report received from third- party body Effectiveness Evaluation of the Board of Directors

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social
from the President CSR | Governance | Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 135
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Category | 2017 | 2018 | 2019 | 2020 | 2021
[TABLE] Listed | 30 | 18 | 10 | 4
[TABLE] Unlisted | 32 | 31 | 31 | 32
[TABLE] Total | 62 | 49 | 41 | 36
[TABLE] Listed | 12,795 | 8,836 | 3,138 | 1,922
[TABLE] Unlisted | 544 | 535 | 535 | 581
[TABLE] Total | 13,339 | 9,371 | 3,673 | 2,503

[PAGE 137]
136 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index (4) Questions: I. BoD management structure II. BoD oversight function III. Shareholder dialogue IV. Views on key efforts undertaken this year V. Issues for next year onward VI. Views on other matters Respondents evaluated themselves on a four-point scale. They were also free to add their own thoughts on points of excellence relating to the BoD and points requiring enhanced BoD effectiveness, before submitting the questionnaire directly to the third-party body. Evaluation Results Based on the report received from the third-party body aggregating and analyzing results, the SUBARU BoD discussed and confirmed the following points: As in previous fiscal years, the results confirmed that BoD management entails the conduct of free, open, and sound discussion. Points confirmed as strengths in previous evaluations (chairman’s leadership, responses to cross-shareholding, and size of BoD) continued to be evaluated highly, confirming that BoD strengths are ongoing. Improvements were apparent in overall evaluation of BoD management structure, BoD oversight function, and shareholder dialogue, and decision-making processes and shareholder dialogue were evaluated especially highly across the board. However, the report also confirmed expectations that BoD functions could be further improved through deeper discussion of executive compensation system design, including incentive-based compensation, as well as discussion of ways to improve group governance and enhancement of report content. While acknowledging certain improvements in the evaluation of discussion relating to medium- to long-term management strategy, the report also confirmed the need for qualitative improvements in the future. CEO succession plan Developed and announced abilities required of the Subaru Group’s CEO and five key qualities required of the CEO. Reinforcing risk identification/management systems Established mechanisms ensuring effectiveness by preparing risk maps, identifying risks in each business department, developing codes of conduct, etc., and shared information with the BoD in a timely and appropriate manner. (1) Enhancing discussion of medium- to long-term management strategy The BoD added depth to its discussion of medium- to long- term management strategy by setting agendas for medium- to long-term strategy, including production strategy, IT strategy, and Aerospace Company initiatives, and through reporting on progress towards mid-term management plan goals. With regard to upcoming rapid changes in the operating environment for the automotive business, last year’s evaluation pointed out that continuing efforts to bridge the information gap between outside directors and internal directors were required to improve the quality of discussion, and ongoing efforts are being made to address this issue. Areas previously recognized as problematic where significant progress was acknowledged this year: Issues recognized in the previous fiscal year’s evaluation: Corporate Governance | Compliance | Risk Management (2) Enhancing discussion of information security systems and sustainability With regard to IT strategy including information security systems, the BoD created opportunities for reporting, shared views on issues faced, and conducted ongoing discussion. Last year’s evaluation expressed the view that the BoD should exercise leadership and stimulate discussion aimed at utilization of IT and advancement of digital transformation, and the BoD will continue to create opportunities for such discussion in its meetings. The report recognized steady progress on sustainability, including the establishment and announcement of policies such as the SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy and Human Rights Policy, as well as timely reporting of the efforts of the CSR Committee, which meets twice a year. Future Initiatives The SUBARU BoD will continue to deepen discussion of medium- to long-term management strategy and make efforts to improve the quality of such discussion. It will also create opportunities for discussion of executive compensation system design, including incentive-based compensation, and enhancement of group governance. In doing so, it will strive to maintain and improve BoD effectiveness in the aim of continuing to enhance medium- to long-term corporate value and achieving sustainable growth.

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social
from the President CSR | Governance | Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 136
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021

[PAGE 138]
137 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Results of the Questionnaire Operational Structure of the Board of Directors Supervisory Function of the Board of Directors and Dialogue with Shareholders Composition of the Board of Directors Operation of the Board of Directors Decision-making process Support system for the Board of Directors Involvement in the Board of Directors 4.0 3.0 2.0 1.0 FYE March 2021 FYE March 2020 Evaluation scale 4.0: Excellent 1.0: Poor Evaluation scale 4.0: Excellent 1.0: Poor Supervisory functions of the Board of Directors Risk management system of the Board of Directors Status of discussions by the Board of Directors Nomination and compensation of executives Dialogue with shareholders 4.0 1.0 3.0 2.0 FYE March 2021 FYE March 2020 Evaluation Items Category Diagnostic Item 1. Operational structure of the Board of Directors (1) Composition of the Board of Directors Size of the Board of Directors Composition of the Board of Directors (ratio of inside to outside directors) Composition of the Board of Directors (diversity and expertise) (2) Operation of the Board of Directors Frequency, length, and time allocation of meetings Relevance of agenda items Quality and quantity of documents Timing of document distribution Prior explanation Content of explanations and reports (3) Decision-making process Leadership by the Chair Adequate discussion — (4) Support system for the Board of Directors Environment and systems for the provision of information Provision of information to outside directors Training of outside directors Training of inside directors — — (5) Involvement in the Board of Directors Attitude to initiatives Company-wide perspective Mutual respect Diverse values Stakeholder perspectives — 2. Supervisory functions of the Board of Directors (1) Supervisory functions of the Board of Directors Reporting system Supervision of corporate management — (2) Risk management system of the Board of Directors Risk management system Subsidiary management system Provision of information and measures to combat risk System for managing progress of response measures Penetration of compliance awareness — (3) Status of discussions by the Board of Directors Discussion of management strategy Discussion of capital policy Discussion of cross-shareholding for policy purpose Discussion of strengthening governance Response to social and environmental problems — (4) Nomination and compensation of executives Composition of the Executive Appointment Committee and Executive Compensation Committee Cultivating successors Incentive compensation 3. Dialogue with shareholders Dialogue with shareholders Sharing the views of shareholders and investors Enhancing dialogue with shareholders and investors — Corporate Governance | Compliance | Risk Management Management System With the aim of increasing the effectiveness of internal controls and risk management, the Internal Audit Department was made independent of the Risk Management Group (overseen by the Chief Risk Management Officer (CRMO)) to ensure a higher level of independence of internal audit departments in the organization and to enhance the effectiveness of internal controls. Internal Control System In accordance with the Companies Act and the Ordinance for Enforcement of the Companies Act, SUBARU’s Board of Directors has adopted a basic policy on putting in place systems that ensure that the performance of duties by directors is in conformity with laws and regulations and with the Articles of Incorporation, and other systems prescribed in the ordinance of the Ministry of Justice as being necessary to ensure the appropriate operations of the company and the corporate group consisting of the company and its subsidiaries. The Board of Directors maintains and operates this basic policy, reviewing it as needed. Internal Control

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social
from the President CSR | Governance | Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 137
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Category | Diagnostic Item
[TABLE] (1) C omposition of the Board of
Directors | Size of the Board of Directors | Composition of the Board of
Directors (ratio of inside to outside
directors)
[TABLE] (2) O peration of the Board of
Directors | Frequency, length, and time allocation of
meetings | Relevance of agenda items
[TABLE] Timing of document distribution | Prior explanation
[TABLE] (3) Decision-making process | Leadership by the Chair | Adequate discussion
[TABLE] (4) Support system for the Board
of Directors | Environment and systems for the
provision of information | Provision of information to outside
directors
[TABLE] Training of inside directors | —
[TABLE] (5) I nvolvement in the Board of
Directors | Attitude to initiatives | Company-wide perspective
[TABLE] Diverse values | Stakeholder perspectives
[TABLE] (1) Supervisory functions of the
Board of Directors | Reporting system | Supervision of corporate
management
[TABLE] (2) Risk management system of the
Board of Directors | Risk management system | Subsidiary management system
[TABLE] System for managing progress of
response measures | Penetration of compliance
awareness
[TABLE] (3) S tatus of discussions by the
Board of Directors | Discussion of management strategy | Discussion of capital policy
[TABLE] Discussion of strengthening governance | Response to social and
environmental problems
[TABLE] Dialogue with shareholders | Sharing the views of shareholders and
investors | Enhancing dialogue with
shareholders and investors

[PAGE 139]
138 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Auditing by Corporate Auditors SUBARU has formulated internal rules to ensure the effectiveness of corporate auditors’ audits (e.g., Standards for Corporate Auditor’s Audit) and developed a whistle blowing system. In this way, the Company established a framework where the corporate auditors can gather information from directors and employees as needed in case of matters that may cause significant damages to the Company, significant violation of laws/Articles of Incorporation, or other significant compliance matters. In addition, the framework ensures smooth performance of corporate auditors’ duties by assigning employees independent from directors to support duties of corporate auditors and making them known to all employees. The Company’s corporate auditors attend important meetings including the Board of Directors Meeting, Executive Management Board Meeting, and Risk Management and Compliance Committee meetings, state their opinions as necessary to secure effectiveness of the audit, and take the following measures. Check the state of the development and operation of internal control systems by holding regular meetings with the directors and executive officers, and making site visits to major business establishments and affiliated companies. Receive monthly reports from the internal audit departments, the legal departments, and the risk management and compliance departments on the state of operation of the whistle blowing system and other matters, as well as receiving reports as needed from departments in charge of managing subsidiaries concerning the state of those subsidiaries. Hold meetings with the corporate auditors of major group subsidiaries. Meet the accounting auditors quarterly to exchange information and opinions, thereby facilitating their efforts to work together, and hold discussions concerning the appointment of accounting auditors. The Company has also established a framework that can smoothly process invoices from the Corporate Auditors for expenses arising from performance of their duties. Internal Auditing SUBARU has established the Internal Audit Department (13 members) that reports directly to the President as an internal auditing organization and conducts internal audits of business execution at SUBARU and its group companies in and outside Japan from an independent and objective standpoint. At the beginning of the fiscal year, the Internal Audit Department prepares an internal audit plan for the fiscal year that takes into consideration the risks and internal control status of the Group as a whole and systematically implements the plan. The department prepares and distributes to the directors, corporate auditors, and concerned parties audit reports on the results of internal audits. It also reports the results semi-annually at a Board of Directors meeting and quarterly at the joint meeting. The Internal Audit Department and corporate auditors work to deepen collaboration through monthly internal audit report meetings held by the department and dialogues about internal control. They also share information on a quarterly basis with the accounting auditors. Through this, they endeavor to strengthen the auditing function. In addition, the Internal Audit Department periodically undergoes an evaluation by external experts to confirm that the audit operations are being performed appropriately. Auditing Internal Control System Related to Financial Reporting Corporate Governance | Compliance | Risk Management Regarding internal control reporting systems pursuant to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act, the evaluation of the internal control system related to financial reporting is dated the final day of the consolidated accounting period and is conducted in accordance with generally accepted assessment standards for internal control over financial reporting. The President & Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) evaluated the status of the development of the internal control system related to financial reporting as of March 31, 2021 and affirmed that it has been established properly and functions effectively, and issued an internal control report audited by the accounting auditors to that effect.

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social
from the President CSR | Governance | Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 138
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021

[PAGE 140]
139 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Affiliated companies will play an ever-greater role in enabling the Subaru Group to survive the automobile industry’s epochal transformation once in a hundred years. SUBARU now faces the pressing issue of enhancing the governance of the Group as a whole. Group Companies In the Subaru Group, SUBARU’s Business Administration Department had administered the businesses of Group companies, while its Group Company Management Department supported the management of the Group companies. To strengthen group governance and enhance the overall strength of the Group, the Subaru Group has promoted the “three-in-one activities,” in which each of the Group companies, the Business Administration Department, and the Group Company Management Department worked together and cooperated with each other. In FYE March 2021, the Subaru Group prioritized activities enhancing the effectiveness of group governance, and with reorganizations in April 2021 it updated to a new group collaboration system, taking action to establish a framework for realizing a stronger Subaru Group. 1. Enhancing Effectiveness of Group Governance In FYE March 2021, with activities restricted due to the COVID-19 pandemic, SUBARU engaged in communications utilizing the Internet (remote environments), participated in important meetings such as those of the Board of Directors of Group companies, and conducted Group company presidents meetings and workshops for newly-appointed directors and corporate auditors. In addition, in order to enhance the effectiveness of company-wide rules that define group governance, it clarified the decision-making and reporting processes for Group companies and SUBARU. Held two group-wide Group company presidents meetings, as well as individual meetings for each Group company. The CRMO and top management of Group companies conducted meaningful dialogues on important topics Held newly-appointed directors’ workshops (once a year) / corporate auditors’ workshops (twice a year), general administration managers’ meetings (twice a year) Dispatched personnel from the Business Administration Department of SUBARU to play a part in the management of Group companies by serving as part-time directors Enhanced the quality of auditing by increasing the number of full-time corporate auditors (to 12) Promoted the creation of rules related to matters for prior consultation and matters for reporting, in Group companies and SUBARU, in order to ensure the effectiveness of the Subsidiary Management Rules revised in April 2020. 2. Updating to a New Group Collaboration System As of April 2021, the Group updated the collaboration system between Group companies and SUBARU. By clarifying the role played by the Business Administration Department and enhancing the two-way channels with Group companies, SUBARU will work to further strengthen the group governance system that has had its effectiveness enhanced by three-in-one activities. The corporate management function of the Group Company Management Department was unified into the Business Administration Department, and its planning function was transferred to the Corporate Planning Department of the Corporate Planning Division. This has resulted in a new system designed for total group optimization, whereby the Business Administration Department is responsible for business support and corporate management on a Group company level, while the Corporate Planning Department is responsible for intra- group strategies and project support. SUBARU established a corporate management support system for Group companies via the Corporate Function Department. SUBARU Dealerships SUBARU dealerships are the company’s point of contact with customers. SUBARU is therefore striving to strengthen group governance at its dealerships, believing that getting even closer to the voice of the customer and working with SUBARU dealerships to become an integrated team serving customers is crucial to foster trust on the part of our customers. 1. Management system support (1) Deploying directors (part-time) and corporate auditors (all presiding companies) (2) Holding periodic training for executives (newly appointed directors, directors in their third year, corporate auditors) 2. Sharing SUBARU’s policies with SUBARU dealerships (1) Joint and regular meetings of Directors Council of the Group companies and the SUBARU Automobile Dealers Association (twice a year) (2) Specialist committee meetings (sales and marketing, used cars, service and parts, general affairs, and IT) (3) Internal Audit Department Liaison Committee meeting (twice a year) Group Governance (Affiliated Companies in Japan) Corporate Governance | Compliance | Risk Management

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social
from the President CSR | Governance | Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 139
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021

[PAGE 141]
140 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Compliance At SUBARU, compliance is positioned as one of our most important management issues in our Corporate Governance Guidelines. We instill in each employee a strong awareness that thorough group-wide compliance forms the foundation of SUBARU’s management, that we must observe all laws and internal regulations relevant to our business activities, that our corporate activities must be executed in manner that is fair and just and in conformance with general social ethics, common sense and standards, and that these principles should be reflected in their actions, create and operate a compliance system/organization, and carry out activities such as providing all kinds of training for these purposes. Rules for Compliance In striving to enhance its compliance-related initiatives, SUBARU has established various rules related to compliance, including the Company-wide Risk Management and Compliance rules, which stipulate its compliance-related structures, organizations, and enforcement methods. Compliance Manual Compliance Manual: Essential Version Our Approach Corporate Governance Guidelines Corporate Governance | Compliance | Risk Management SUBARU has established the Risk Management and Compliance Committee, a company-wide organization designed to promote compliance. This committee deliberates, discusses, decides, and exchanges information on important matters related to risk management. Also, each department formulates their own implementation plan (compliance program) to promote compliance every fiscal year, and moves forward with continuous, systematic independent activities. Management System Compliance System Risk Management and Compliance Committee Chair (CRMO) Risk Management and Compliance Committee members Auditor CEO Secretariat Risk Management and Compliance Office (Risk Management and Compliance Oversight Department) Audit Department/ Internal Audit Board of Directors Risk Management and Compliance Committee Discussion/reporting concerning scandals Report compliance situation Conduct internal audit Internal audit results report Discussion/cooperation Discussion/ cooperation Administrative work Report important matters Establish Report important matters (e.g., deliberations/decisions) Meeting of persons in charge of risk management Persons in charge of risk management Each division, department, and in-house company Chief Risk Management Officer Affiliated companies Report extremely important, highly urgent compliance issues In FYE March 2021, the Chief Risk Management Officer (CRMO), Director, and Executive Vice President served as chair of this committee, with the Risk Management and Compliance Office serving as its secretariat. Under the chair's direction, the committee executed global and group-wide compliance initiatives, with these activities regularly reported to the Board of Directors.

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social
from the President CSR | Governance | Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 140
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Risk Management and
Compliance Committee Chair
(CRMO)
[TABLE] Risk Management and
Compliance Committee members

[PAGE 142]
141 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Compliance Hotline When regular and temporary employees of the Subaru Group detect a problem related to compliance in the group, they can consult with the Hotline Desk by using the Compliance Hotline. Based on the relevant regulations, the Hotline Desk is where employees affiliated with the Risk Management and Compliance Office directly receive mail, telephone calls, and e-mail, investigate facts, and provide response. We have also established a desk outside the company staffed by external specialists to increase the hours in which service is available and to increase the confidentiality of those contacting the desk. For consultations, Risk Management and Compliance Office General manager play a central role in investigating the facts of each situation and, subsequently, working to resolve issues promptly. Also, it reports to the proper management members and the Risk Management and Compliance Committee, working toward preventive measures. There were 236 consultations in FYE March 2021, the details of which are outlined in the table to the right. Through initiatives to raise awareness of this system (see Initiatives, on the right), SUBARU has worked to foster mindsets for its proactive use and to improve awareness of compliance. This has led to more openness to consulting even about trivial matters, and more transparency about the system's operation, leading to an increase in the number of consultations. Breakdown of Compliance Hotline Consultations and Trend Over Time 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 Workplace environment 2 10 13 14 7 Labor related 14 49 78 68 65 Interpersonal relationships, harassment 26 58 75 84 107 Other compliance-related issues (Work violations, suspicion of wrongdoing, etc.) 18 46 33 50 57 Total 60 163 199 216 236 Compliance Hotline (Consultation and resolution procedure) Outside desk Specialist at receiving consultations (An industrial counselor responds) Contact with investigation results/ discussion Conduct investigation/discussion Consultation Consultation Report Report Consulter Reportable fact Subaru Compliance Hotline Desk (FYE March) Corporate Governance | Compliance | Risk Management Training In enforcing thorough compliance, we believe that initiatives in which the entire Subaru Group acts in concert are necessary. We conduct compliance training, training for legal affairs in practical business, and other programs for all Group employees organized by our Legal Department, Risk Management and Compliance Office, and human resource and education departments. Also, each department and affiliated company creates their own unique education plan based on their compliance program, supplemented with study groups on important laws related to their work and compliance enlightenment training. In FYE March 2021, SUBARU explored and promoted the introduction of new training content and methods, such as moving to online-based compliance training, in light of work environment changes due to COVID-19. In FYE March 2022, it will continue to strive toward building more effective training content and methods. Compliance Implementation Support Tools In order to promote compliance in everyday work, we create and provide various implementation support tools other than the Compliance Manual, such as in areas of specialization at affiliated companies. To make knowledge of the Compliance Hotline common, we distribute cards containing information on the framework of the system and the contact address for consulting services, and also put up posters in all workplaces. We have designed the information cards and posters to deliver a message that encourages employees to proactively use the system even for Initiatives

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social
from the President CSR | Governance | Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 141
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Outside desk
[TABLE] Specialist at
receiving
consultations
(An industrial
counselor responds)
[TABLE] 2017 | 2018 | 2019 | 2020 | 2021
[TABLE] 2 | 10 | 13 | 14
[TABLE] 14 | 49 | 78 | 68
[TABLE] 26 | 58 | 75 | 84
[TABLE] 18 | 46 | 33 | 50
[TABLE] 60 | 163 | 199 | 216

[PAGE 143]
142 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index things that feel only slightly suspicious. In addition, we are making efforts for the timely report of highly urgent information and to call the entire Group’s attention to such matters. Bribery Prevention SUBARU considers the prevention of bribery related to its businesses to be an important issue, and has established the Company-wide Bribery Prevention rules, as well as rolled out the Bribery Prevention Guidelines (Japanese and English) to the entire Subaru Group. The guidelines clarify the conduct required of employees and executives by explaining prohibited and non-prohibited acts particularly when coming in contact with government workers. In China, taking into consideration unique social conditions, we created the Bribery Prevention Guidelines (with a Chinese translation included). It is distributed throughout our Chinese subsidiaries and forms the official rules of the relevant companies. Also, anti-corruption is identified as an important issue in the Compliance Manual (Japanese and English versions) issued to domestic and overseas companies. We not only require proper conduct regarding bribery to government workers, but also pursue thorough fairness in transactions with private-sector customers and partners. Under the monitoring system for bribery prevention, SUBARU collects information to ascertain the presence of cases that may constitute compliance violations through company-wide compliance activities, its whistleblowing system, and other channels. It also strives to use actions like internal audit departments’ business audits to detect cases early. Furthermore, SUBARU has established a system to report high-risk cases to the Risk Management and Compliance Committee and the Board of Directors, in an effort to strengthen oversight. Security Trade Control SUBARU, seeking to preserve the peace and safety of the international community, performs independent export control in accordance with the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act so that consumer products and technology that could be repurposed for military use, including weaponry, do not fall into the hands of countries developing weapons of mass destruction or terrorists (non-state entities). We have regulations for the purpose of appropriate management of the entire group. Also, the Export Control Committee is a body that meets at least once a year to deliberate on Group-wide initiatives. It is comprised of executives from all departments involved in exports, chaired by the director in charge of the Legal Department. With the goal of improving the level of its management, SUBARU also promotes PDCA cycles, including review of related rules, with a focus on the following initiatives. Export controls utilizing IT systems (in FYE March 2021, all Compliance Hotline card Compliance training (Gunma Plant) Corporate Governance | Compliance | Risk Management export-related departments have begun using these systems) Utilization of proprietary checklists in accordance with relevant regulations and on-site voluntary inspections

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social
from the President CSR | Governance | Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 142
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021

[PAGE 144]
143 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Corporate Governance | Compliance | Risk Management Tax Policy The Subaru Group is able to conduct its business operations thanks to support from society, and it strongly recognizes the importance of returning profits to society. The Subaru Group considers fulfilling its tax obligations to be an essential element of this. The Subaru Group strives to ensure compliance with the tax laws and regulations of each country and jurisdiction, pursuant to the international rules and standards set out by international organizations, thereby fulfilling its societal obligations through appropriate tax payment, while aiming for sustainable growth through sound business activities. 1. Compliance with tax laws and tax-related regulations The Subaru Group undertakes applicable tax return filing and tax payment procedures in compliance with the tax laws and tax- related regulations of each country, and relevant tax treaties. 2. Tax corporate governance The Subaru Group establishes and implements a structure to appropriately identify, manage and report tax risk. In order to respond to changes in its businesses, and in light of complex tax operations, the Subaru Group enhances this structure by assigning to it employees with tax expertise. Furthermore, the Subaru Group raises awareness and provides guidance and consultation regarding tax compliance to Subaru Group companies, making use of external professionals, and properly fulfils its tax payment obligations. 3. Appropriate intercompany transaction prices (Transfer Pricing) The Subaru Group conducts inter-group transactions and transactions with unrelated parties applying economically rational (arm’s length) prices, and does not inappropriately set prices through arbitrary manipulation. 4. Compliance with Anti-Tax Haven Rules The Subaru Group does not establish entities that are unnecessary for its business with the aim of tax avoidance, and the Subaru Group pays taxes pursuant to the substance of its businesses in accordance with the tax laws and regulations. 5. Relationship with tax authorities The Subaru Group strives to maintain trust with tax authorities by dealing with the authorities in a good faith manner; for example, by providing fact-based information in an appropriate and timely manner in response to requests. Established in June 2020 Enactment of the Tax Policy SUBARU enacted its Tax Policy in June 2020. This basic policy sets forth our posture and way of thinking toward the tax laws we should comply with when paying the appropriate amount of tax.

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social
from the President CSR | Governance | Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 143
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] The Subaru Group is able to conduct its business operations thanks to support from society, and it strongly recognizes the importance
of returning profits to society. The Subaru Group considers fulfilling its tax obligations to be an essential element of this.
The Subaru Group strives to ensure compliance with the tax laws and regulations of each country and jurisdiction, pursuant to the
international rules and standards set out by international organizations, thereby fulfilling its societal obligations through appropriate tax
payment, while aiming for sustainable growth through sound business activities.
[TABLE] 1. Compliance with tax laws and tax-related regulations 4. Compliance with Anti-Tax Haven Rules
The Subaru Group undertakes applicable tax return filing and The Subaru Group does not establish entities that are unnecessary
tax payment procedures in compliance with the tax laws and tax- for its business with the aim of tax avoidance, and the Subaru
related regulations of each country, and relevant tax treaties. Group pays taxes pursuant to the substance of its businesses in
accordance with the tax laws and regulations.
2. Tax corporate governance
The Subaru Group establishes and implements a structure to 5. Relationship with tax authorities
appropriately identify, manage and report tax risk. In order to The Subaru Group strives to maintain trust with tax authorities by
respond to changes in its businesses, and in light of complex tax dealing with the authorities in a good faith manner; for example,
operations, the Subaru Group enhances this structure by assigning by providing fact-based information in an appropriate and timely
to it employees with tax expertise. Furthermore, the Subaru Group manner in response to requests.
raises awareness and provides guidance and consultation regarding
tax compliance to Subaru Group companies, making use of external
professionals, and properly fulfils its tax payment obligations.
3. Appropriate intercompany transaction prices
(Transfer Pricing)
The Subaru Group conducts inter-group transactions and
transactions with unrelated parties applying economically rational
(arm’s length) prices, and does not inappropriately set prices
through arbitrary manipulation.

[PAGE 145]
144 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Risk Management SUBARU is undertaking risk management as one of its key priority management issues, not only to address emergency situations when they arise but also to deal with various risks that have a serious impact on daily corporate activities, as well as to minimize damage when risks emerge. The automotive industry is ushering in a major transformation, which only occurs once in a hundred years. The Subaru Group, which operates businesses globally, is aiming to enhance the resilience of its management infrastructure by ensuring the sustainability of its businesses by quickly tackling changes in world affairs. At the same time, the Group must boost its measures to minimize its human, social and economic losses. Amid this environment, it is essential to strategically conduct risk management throughout the group to conduct business activities. We therefore believe it is important to create a Subaru Group that has an infrastructure that is resilient to risk to enhance our corporate value. To prevent the emergence and expansion of risks to the Subaru Group, the CRMO (Chief Risk Management Officer) appointed by the Board of Directors leads risk management and compliance activities, reporting their status to the Board of Directors. As a system to promote risk management, SUBARU has appointed risk management officers (job grade of Chief General Managers) for each department and established the Risk Management & Compliance Committee. This committee is chaired by the Chief Risk Management Officer (CRMO), and its vice- chairperson is the Vice President in charge of the duties of the Risk Management Group, comprised of the Risk Management & Compliance Office and the Legal Department. At this committee, members deliberate, discuss, make decisions, and exchange/ communicate information on important matters. The CRMO leads corporate group-wide efforts to enhance risk management with professional support from experts in company-wide shared corporate operations departments, such as the Risk Management & Compliance Office and the Legal Department. In this leadership role, the CRMO works closely with the Corporate Planning Department, which performs division-encompassing functions, as well as different divisions and companies. Audit Department audits execution of tasks by each division and subsidiary in a planned manner. Our Approach Management System Risk Management System Information sharing/reporting Determine which response headquarters should be set up according to the situation Cooperation Normal situation Emergency situation President and CEO, CRMO, Risk Management & Compliance Office, risk management officer and other officers in the relevant department CRMO, Risk Management & Compliance Office, related officers Risk management officer Normal situation Emergency situation Special Emergency Response Headquarters: for immediate response to the most critical situations Emergency Response Headquarters: for response to critical situations Departmental Response Headquarters: for independent response to incidents by the related department President and CEO Chief Risk Management Officer (CRMO) Risk Management & Compliance Office Dealers, affiliated companies, customers Each department Board of Directors Risk Management & Compliance Committee Risk Management & Compliance Office (secretariat) Risk management officers Formulate company-wide policies Supervise risk management situations Address company-wide issues Formulate action guidelines Understand and report the implementation situation Operate committee meetings Support activities at individual departments CRMO Departmental risk management officers General managers, company presidents, officers in charge of common departments, etc. Corporate Governance | Compliance | Risk Management

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social
from the President CSR | Governance | Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 144
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Normal situation
Board of Directors
Risk Management & Compliance Committee
Formulate company-wide policies
CRMO Supervise risk management situations
Address company-wide issues
Risk management Formulate action guidelines
officers Understand and report the
implementation situation
Risk Management Operate committee meetings
&
Compliance Office Support activities at individual
(secretariat) departments | President and CEO
Chief Risk Management Officer (CRMO)
Risk Management & Compliance Office
Information sharing/reporting Determine which response
headquarters should be set up
according to the situation
Departmental risk management officers
General managers, company presidents, officers in
charge of common departments, etc.
Each department
Dealers, affiliated companies, customers | Emergency situation
Special Emergency Response Headquarters:
for immediate response to the most critical situations
President and CEO, CRMO,
Risk Management & Compliance Office, risk management
officer and other officers in the relevant department
Emergency Response Headquarters:
for response to critical situations
CRMO, Risk Management & Compliance Office, related officers
Cooperation
Departmental Response Headquarters:
for independent response to incidents by the related department
Risk management officer
Normal situation Emergency situation
[TABLE] Special Emergency Response Headquarters:
for immediate response to the most critical situations
[TABLE] President and CEO, CRMO,
Risk Management & Compliance Office, risk management
officer and other officers in the relevant department
[TABLE] Emergency Response Headquarters:
for response to critical situations
[TABLE] CRMO, Risk Management & Compliance Office, related officers
[TABLE] Risk Management & Compliance Committee
[TABLE] Formulate company-wide policies
CRMO Supervise risk management situations
Address company-wide issues
Risk management Formulate action guidelines
officers Understand and report the
implementation situation
Risk Management Operate committee meetings
&
Compliance Office Support activities at individual
(secretariat) departments
[TABLE] Departmental risk management officers
[TABLE] General managers, company presidents, officers in
charge of common departments, etc.
[TABLE] Departmental Response Headquarters:
for independent response to incidents by the related department
[TABLE] Risk management officer
[TABLE] Each department
[TABLE] Dealers, affiliated companies, customers

[PAGE 146]
145 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index At the Subaru Group, we extract and identify key risks associated with our business activities and consider measures to combat them. The major business risks are listed below. Please note that this is not an exhaustive list of all risks relating to the Subaru Group. Risks related to changes in the economic and financial environments (1) Economic trends in major markets (2) Exchange rate fluctuations (3) Financial markets fluctuations (4) Change in raw material costs Risks related to industries and business activities (5) Focus on specific businesses and markets (6) Changes in the demand and competitive environment in the market (7) Responsibility related to products, sales and services (8) Supply chain disruptions (9) Intellectual property infringement (10) Information network security (11) Compliance (12) Stakeholder communication (13) Respect for human rights (14) Secure and train human resources (15) Climate change Risk of regulations and events in various countries that impact other business activities (16) Political, regulatory and legal procedures in various countries that impact business activities (17) Impact of disasters, war, terrorism, infections, etc. Risk management initiatives for times of normalcy conducted by the Risk Management & Compliance Committee in FYE March 2021 included the establishment of the group-wide Risk Management Policy and preparation of a company-wide Risk Map that summarized priority issues, based on the conditions surrounding SUBARU and the nature of its business, in consideration of the size of losses that could occur when such risks emerge. While prioritizing responses to high-impact matters, SUBARU has also promoted risk management optimized for the entire Company by having each department establish its own Risk Management Code of Conduct and combining these codes with everyday risk management tasks. With regard to emergency responses, SUBARU established the “Coronavirus Countermeasure Headquarters” in February 2020 as a response to COVID-19. This organization collects and shares relevant information inside and outside the Company, responding in a timely and appropriate fashion by identifying the roles of each stakeholder in emergency situations and reviewing the effectiveness of responses in these situations. In addition, amid the prolonged COVID-19 pandemic, relevant departments have worked closely together to enable a rapid shift toward alternate work arrangements in the new normal. Among the various types of risk we face, SUBARU calls those risks that are particularly dangerous to our business operations and that SUBARU cannot handle through regular decision- making channels “crisis-level risks” and categorizes them as follows: natural disaster, accident, internal human factors, external human factors, social factors (domestic, overseas), and compliance. SUBARU is creating various manuals for dealing with each of these types of emergencies. BCP At SUBARU, the Risk Management & Compliance Office plays a pivotal role in establishing regulations related to BCPs*. During emergencies, the Office centrally grasps group-wide information, establishing a system to manage company-wide response. Specifically, with a focus on initial response, crisis management headquarters are set up immediately with the occurrence of a serious incident and a response system is quickly and accurately developed in line with the basic policy of our Emergency Response Policy. This leads to the swift achievement of business restoration and contributes to business continuity. In addition, during normal times we work to enhance the speed and accuracy of risk recognition and identification to the best of our ability by clarifying the roles of each department and the domain of management responsibilities. In conjunction with this, we are regularly preparing and updating manuals and are implementing training. Furthermore, each business site works to enhance its own BCP, including specifying key operations, establishing an emergency contact system, and developing a telework system. While closely collaborating with company-wide shared corporate operations departments, SUBARU is implementing measures to accurately and speedily carry out business continuity and early restoration of operations. *Abbreviation for Business Continuity Plans. Risks Associated with Business Activities Risk Management Initiatives Crisis-level Risks Corporate Governance | Compliance | Risk Management

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social
from the President CSR | Governance | Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 145
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021

[PAGE 147]
146 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Emergency Response Policy 1. Give first priority to people’s survival and physical safety. 2. Minimize loss of stakeholder interests and corporate value. 3. Act always with honesty, fairness, and transparency, even in an emergency. Gunma Plant A portion of the SUBARU Oizumi Plant premises was apportioned, three tennis courts were built there, and the land was donated to Oizumi Town. At that time, a 3,800 m 2 storm water detention tank was installed under the tennis courts to help prevent flooding of the adjacent National Highway No. 354 bypass during periods of rainfall. Utsunomiya Plant In FYE March 2018, SUBARU conducted work to bolster storm water drainage capacity as a disaster response countermeasure. As a result, the plant has suffered no flood damage. The measures also helped to combat flooding of the surrounding area. In FYE March 2020, SUBARU also registered for Utsunomiya City’s Registration System for Disaster Prevention Cooperation, building a cooperative system with the local community for times of disaster. Furthermore, in March 2020, SUBARU introduced a cogeneration system that can generate electricity using city gas even during lengthy power outages at the plant, and it will continue to take disaster countermeasures at the site, ensure the safety of employees, and establish cooperation with the local community. Supporting Restoration at Suppliers Stricken by Disaster Providing support to suppliers during times of emergency is a major pillar of SUBARU’s BCP and is an essential measure for SUBARU which aims to achieve coexistence and co-prosperity with its suppliers. In FYE March 2022, SUBARU dispatched a cumulative total of more than 500 workers from the Gunma Plant and supporting companies to provide support for restoration work to business partners affected by factory fires during the period immediately after the fires until the end of April 2021. Support work was primarily focused on cleaning areas where fires had occurred and restoring equipment damaged by soot and extinguishing water discharged to stop the fires. Going forward, SUBARU aims to derive and strengthen its own unique BCP vision. Coronavirus Countermeasure Headquarters Quality assessment support Technical conformity support Supply chain management Market related Stakeholder communication Executives support Safety/health/personnel protection Management decision support Cooperation between offices/plants Legal services Group companies related IT systems related Financing related Companies supervision Offices/plants supervision Decision as to whether or not to suspend production lines Overall supervision: CRMO (Chief Risk Management Officer) Overall supervision coordination: Risk Management & Compliance Office (secretariat) President and CEO Responsible persons in individual departments Flood prevention measure (drainage grid) (Utsunomiya Plant) Construction of the storm water detention tank Donated tennis courts Corporate Governance | Compliance | Risk Management

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social
from the President CSR | Governance | Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 146
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Overall super
(Chief Risk Man | vision: CRMO
agement Officer)
[TABLE] R
[TABLE] esp
[TABLE] ons
[TABLE] ibl
[TABLE] e
pe
[TABLE] rso
[TABLE] ns
i
[TABLE] n
in
[TABLE] div
[TABLE] idu
[TABLE] al
d
[TABLE] epa
[TABLE] rtm
[TABLE] en
[TABLE] ts
[TABLE] Offices/plants supervision
[TABLE] Companies supervision
[TABLE] Financing related
[TABLE] IT systems related
[TABLE] Group companies related
[TABLE] Legal services
[TABLE] Cooperation between offices/plants
[TABLE] Management decision support
[TABLE] Safety/health/personnel protection
[TABLE] Executives support
[TABLE] Stakeholder communication
[TABLE] Market related
[TABLE] Supply chain management
[TABLE] Technical conformity support
[TABLE] Quality assessment support
[TABLE] Decision as to whether or not to suspend production lines

[PAGE 148]
147 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Basic Cybersecurity Policy Objective SUBARU CORPORATION and its group companies (hereinafter referred to as “the Subaru Group”) put in place a Basic Cybersecurity Policy to protect all our conceivable products, services, and information assets from threats arising in the course of our business activities and earn the trust of our customers and society as a whole. Scope This basic policy applies to all executives and employees of the Subaru Group, and also to the employees and other staff of SUBARU’s subcontractors. Initiatives 1. The Subaru Group will comply with laws, regulations, and standards, as well as security-related contractual obligations to our customers. 2. The Subaru Group will put in place and operate management systems and internal regulations concerning cybersecurity. 3. The Subaru Group will establish information security measures tailored to our information assets and strive to prevent and minimize information security incidents. Should such an incident occur, SUBARU will address it swiftly and appropriately, taking steps to prevent recurrence. 4. The Subaru Group will strive to ensure information security by providing both executives and employees with education and training, as well as undertaking other efforts to raise their awareness of this issue. 5. The Subaru Group will continually review and strive to improve the aforementioned activities. Our Approach The use of digital data is essential for SUBARU in the course of its business activities. The use of digital data is not limited to traditional information systems but covers diverse realms, including facilities, products, and a whole range of services offered by SUBARU. Being aware of our social responsibility to handle digital data in these realms safely, we have established the Basic Cybersecurity Policy, undertaking information security protection activities group-wide. Information Security Products Social Infrastructure MaaS Remote Work Cloud Services Supports WP29 cybersecurity Lifestyle IoT Full-scale utilization Group Companies Connected car Business Partners IT Infrastructure/Apps Scope of Information Security for the Subaru Group Established in June 2018 Corporate Governance | Compliance | Risk Management

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social
from the President CSR | Governance | Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 147
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021

[PAGE 149]
148 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Initiatives In FYE March 2021, SUBARU conducted e-learning and video training programs based on cybersecurity management system documents drafted in the previous fiscal year in the three domains of In-Car (interior systems), Out-Car (exterior systems) and information systems. SUBARU also conducted targeted attack email drills and security incident scenario training for incident response teams. Internal audits based on this management system are now regularly carried out and will continue to be in the future. Personal Information Protection Initiatives SUBARU, in conjunction with the enactment of the Act on the Protection of Personal Information, undertook various initiatives, including establishing internal systems and rules, and publicly disclosing its privacy policy. Moreover, Group companies in Japan and overseas have begun to build a management system to properly use personal information. In FYE March 2021, SUBARU implemented the following key initiatives in response to the Act on the Protection of Personal Information. Training for all departmental and office general managers concerning the Act on the Protection of Personal Information (138 employees took part via e-learning) Identification of management issues by taking stock of personal information held by all departments Confirmation of a check sheet on the status of compliance with related internal rules at all departments and the implementation of a continuous PDCA cycle Revision of relevant internal rules with the aim of improving company-wide governance Formulation of privacy policy for telematics services for the Japanese market Cookie policy revisions based on the 2020 revisions of the Act on the Protection of Personal Information In addition, we are working to ensure compliance with laws and regulations by having SUBARU dealerships in Japan that handle large amounts of customer personal information take similar initiatives and report cases on an ad-hoc basis to SUBARU. Furthermore, in compliance with Japan’s Act on the Protection of Personal Information, the Subaru Group has built a system to conform with the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Objective: Promote understanding of cybersecurity and mitigate practical security risks Program Details: Education on internal rules requiring compliance in each of three domains Course Participants: For In-Car system developers: Approx. 700 For general employees related to information systems: Approx. 3,100 Corporate Governance | Compliance | Risk Management

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social
from the President CSR | Governance | Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 148
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021

[PAGE 150]
149 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Combating Counterfeit Goods and the SDGs: A Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry Document (Japanese version only) Management System Initiatives At SUBARU, the Intellectual Property Department manages, protects, and utilizes intellectual property rights belonging to SUBARU and also implements internal activities that aim to avoid infringing on the intellectual property rights of others. The following are specific activities being undertaken. 1. Support the proposal of strategies using the IP landscape 2. Acquire rights for intellectual properties, including technologies, trademarks, naming and design, and adequately manage the IP portfolio 3. Conduct a comprehensive survey on the existence of intellectual property rights which may hinder business operations and take measures to prevent and resolve such issues 4. Crack down on counterfeit goods* globally, including protection measures at borders for oversight and taxation of online sales, toward achievement of the SDGs 5. Secure intellectual properties, ownership of data and user rights in technology and business contracts 6. Support the management, protection and utilization of intellectual property by each Subaru Group company based on the Subaru Group’s Basic Intellectual Property Policy * Please refer to the following for the relationship between achievement of the SDGs and crackdowns on counterfeit goods. Awareness Activities At SUBARU, the Intellectual Property Department works with each Subaru Group company, regularly taking the following awareness activities to instill behavior in compliance with laws and regulations. 1. Implementing rank-specific training for employees involved in development, tailored to their year of entry into the company and their position (in FYE March 2021, programs were held remotely due to the spread of COVID-19; remote programs are to continue into FYE March 2022, with efforts made to enhance content and offer on-demand content) 2. Implementing awareness activities through the Patent Promotion Committee, an organization promoting the creation of inventions and patent application activities in each department 3. Development departments are surveying the intellectual property rights of other parties and securing patent clearance Other Matters for Reporting SUBARU is a participant in the Open COVID-19 Declaration initiative with the objective of preventing the spread of COVID-19, and has declared that it will not exercise SUBARU’s intellectual property rights with regard to activities with the purpose of ending the spread of COVID-19. Intellectual Property Promotion System Senior executive management Invention unearthing, application submission, and rights acquisition Intellectual Property Strategy Committee Intellectual property strategy agreement Patent Promotion Committee (Research, development, manufacturing) Negotiation and contract support Dealing with patents held by others Planning and administration Intellectual Property Department News Release on Participation in the Open COVID-19 Declaration (Japanese version only) Details on the Open COVID-19 Declaration (Japanese version only) Corporate Governance | Compliance | Risk Management Our Approach SUBARU, after identifying its strengths and weaknesses, has put together a vision for SUBARU’s intellectual property activities with aims to achieve the brand management outlined in its mid-term management vision “STEP.” The following is the three-point basic policy being carried out. Intellectual Property Protection Initiatives Basic Intellectual Property Policy 1. Function as a compass for business and R&D strategies using the IP landscape* 2. Throughout Subaru, Subaru will dedicate ourselves to creating intellectual properties that originate from the market and appropriately manage its intellectual property portfolio to protect and enhance its brand 3. Subaru will respect the intellectual property rights of others and work thoroughly for patent clearance in product development * In combination with market information on intellectual properties, analyzes the business environment and support strategic plans In addition, to aid in minimizing intellectual property risk through business activities that respect the Group’s intellectual property, protecting, expanding and securing an advantage in business, and protecting the SUBARU brand and maximizing its value, we have established the Subaru Group Intellectual Property Policy to set guidelines for the following activities. 1. Business activities that respect intellectual property 2. Management and effective utilization of intellectual property 3. Handling lawsuits 4. The SUBARU corporate brand logo

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social
from the President CSR | Governance | Appendix GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 149
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021

[PAGE 151]
Appendix 150 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index 151 Corporate Overview 155 Third-party Evaluations 156 Third-party Opinion on the SUBARU Sustainability Report Appendix

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social Governance
from the President CSR | Appendix | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 150
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021

[PAGE 152]
Appendix 151 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Corporate Overview Company Name SUBARU CORPORATION Established July 15, 1953 Head Office Ebisu Subaru Bldg. 1-20-8, Ebisu, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo 150-8554 Paid-in Capital 153,795 million yen Number of Employees 16,478 (consolidated: 36,070) (excluding executive officers, advisors and dispatches) Main Businesses Automotive Business: The manufacture, repair and sales of passenger cars and their components Aerospace Company: The manufacture, repair and sales of airplanes, aerospace- related machinery and their components Number of Affiliates 95 (87 subsidiaries, 7 affiliated companies, and 1 other affiliated company) Website Addresses Corporate website: https://www.subaru.co.jp/en/ Number of Shares Authorized 1,500,000,000 shares Number of Shares Issued 769,175,873 shares Number of Shareholders 151,367 shareholders Number of Shares per Trading Unit 100 shares Stock Exchange Listing  Tokyo Stock Exchange (1st Section) Securities Code 7270 Transfer agent and account management institution of special accounts Mizuho Trust & Banking Co., Ltd. 2–1, Yaesu 1-chome, Chuo–ku, Tokyo 103–8670, Japan Tel: 0120-288-324 (toll free) Scheduled to move to the following address after November 22, 2021 3-3, Marunouchi 1-chome, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-0005, Japan Keidanren (Japan Business Federation) Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association, Inc. (JAMA) The Society of Japanese Aerospace Companies (SJAC) Japan Aircraft Development Corporation (JADC) SUBARU strives to enhance collaboration with external institutions in order to fulfill its social responsibilities. Among them are Keidanren, JAMA, SJAC, JADC and other industry bodies and administrative bodies, as well as local communities in which our business sites are located. Corporate Overview (As of March 31, 2021) Stock Information (As of March 31, 2021) Membership of Industry Bodies Breakdown of Shareholders Financial institutions 232,689,000 shares 30.25% Foreign institutions and others 211,098,000 shares 27.44% Japanese corporations and others 173,028,000 shares 22.50% Individuals and others 104,280,000 shares 13.56% Securities companies 46,172,000 shares 6.00% Treasury stock 1,905,000 shares 0.25% Major Shareholders Name Number of Shares Held (in thousands) Percentage of Total Shares Held Toyota Motor Corporation 153,600 20.02 The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (trust account) 70,978 9.25 Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (trust account) 37,175 4.85 Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities Co., Ltd. 13,959 1.82 BNYM TREATY DTT 15 11,200 1.46 MIZUHO SECURITIES ASIA LIMITED - CLIENT A/C 10,165 1.32 Mizuho Bank, Ltd. 10,078 1.31 Nippon Life Insurance Company 9,511 1.24 STATE STREET BANK WEST CLIENT - TREATY 505234 9,174 1.20 SUBARU Business Partners Shareholding Association 9,010 1.17 *1 Number of shares held is rounded down to the nearest thousand shares. *2 The percentage of total shares held is calculated based on the number of shares excluding treasury stock of 1,905,130 shares.

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social Governance
from the President CSR | Appendix | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 151
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021

[PAGE 153]
Appendix 152 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Business Segments and Scope of Consolidation The Subaru Group consists of three business segments: the core Automotive Business Unit, the Aerospace Company, and Other Businesses consisting of businesses that do not belong to either of the other two segments. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021 (April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021), SUBARU CORPORATION 73 subsidiaries, and 10 equity- method affiliated companies were included in the scope of consolidation. Financial Highlights Revenue Consolidated Automobile Sales by Region Operating Income Profit for the Period Attributable to Owners of Parent Consolidated Automobile Sales by Model (Billions of yen) 4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000 0 2017.3 2018.3 2019.3 2020.3 2021.3 3,326.0 3,232.7 3,156.2 3,344.1 2,830.2 JGAAP IFRS (Thousand units) 1,200 900 600 300 0 2017.3 2018.3 2019.3 2020.3 2021.3 1,065 1,067 1,001 1,034 860 Japan U.S. Canada Europe Russia Australia China Others * Automobile sales of SUBARU CORPORATION and its consolidated subsidiaries (Billions of yen) 600 400 200 0 2017.3 2018.3 2019.3 2020.3 2021.3 410.8 379.4 181.7 210.3 102.5 282.4 220.4 141.4 152.6 76.5 Operating income Profit for the period attributable to owners of parent JGAAP IFRS Legacy Impreza Forester Levorg WRX Exiga Ascent Tribeca SUBARU BRZ OEM Minicars Others * Automobile sales of SUBARU CORPORATION and its consolidated subsidiaries (Thousand units) 1,200 900 600 300 0 2017.3 2018.3 2019.3 2020.3 2021.3 1,067 1,065 1,001 1,034 860

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social Governance
from the President CSR | Appendix | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 152
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021

[PAGE 154]
Appendix 153 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Global Network Global Network Main Overseas Business Sites Domestic Business Sites Main Domestic Business Sites Subaru Europe N.V./S.A. Subaru Italia S.p.A. N.V. Subaru Benelux Subaru Vehicle Distribution B.V. Subaru of China Ltd. Subaru Technology Beijing. Co., Ltd. Subaru of America, Inc. North American Subaru, Inc. Subaru Research & Development, Inc. Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. Production Models : Legacy, Outback, Impreza, and Ascent Subaru Canada, Inc. Gunma Plant Plant Production Models and Parts Main Plant Levorg, Impreza, SUBARU XV, WRX, and SUBARU BRZ Yajima Plant Legacy, Outback, Impreza, SUBARU XV, and Forester Oizumi Plant Automobile engines and transmissions Handa Plant Handa West Plant Utsunomiya Plant Tokyo Office Automotive Business Unit Aerospace Company Aerospace Company Head Office Subaru R&E Center (Bifuka) Subaru R&E Center (Sano) Head Office

[PAGE 155]
Appendix 154 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Product Lineup Aerospace Company SUBARU BELL 412EPX (left) UH-2 for JGSDF (right) Center Wing Section of Boeing777X IR-Sensor system integration with Optionally Piloted Vehicle Photo: North American model (North America: CROSSTREK) Unit sales: 186,000 Sales regions: Japan, North America, Russia, Europe, Australia, China, and other Unit sales: 32,000 Sales regions: Japan, North America, Russia, Europe, Australia, China, and other Sedan SUV Sports / Wagon Wagon · Sedan SUV SUV SUV Photo: North American model Unit sales: 180,000 Sales regions: Japan, North America, Russia, Europe, Australia, China, and other Unit sales: 266,000 Sales regions: Japan, North America, Russia, Europe, Australia, China, and other Sports / Sedan Unit sales: 32,000 Sales regions: Japan, North America, Russia, Australia, and other Unit sales: 14,000 Sales regions: Japan, Europe, Australia, and other Unit sales: 71,000 Sales regions: Japan, North America, Russia, Europe, Australia, and other Unit sales: 23,000 Sales region: Japan (OEM supply from Daihatsu Motor Co., Ltd.) * Retail unit sales in each region in the period from January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020. (Exclusively for North America) Unit sales: 71,000 Sales region: North America Sports / Coupe Unit sales: 5,000 Sales regions: Japan, North America, Europe, Australia, China, and other Photo: Prototype Automotive Business OEM models

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social Governance
from the President CSR | Appendix | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 154
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021

[PAGE 156]
Appendix 155 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Third-party Evaluations SUBARU CORPORATION Selected for First Time as Constituent of “FTSE Blossom Japan Index” SUBARU has been selected for the first time as a constituent of the “FTSE Blossom Japan Index” created by the global index provider FTSE Russell, a wholly owned subsidiary of London Stock Exchange Group. Designed to measure the performance of Japanese companies that demonstrate strong Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) practices, the FTSE Blossom Japan Index is utilized as important criteria by investors worldwide who focus on companies’ ESG activities and is used by a wide variety of market participants to create and assess sustainable investment funds and other products. The index has been adopted as a core ESG benchmark by the Government Pension Investment Fund (GPIF) of Japan, the world’s largest public pension fund. SUBARU developed the Subaru Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR in working to achieve the goal of becoming a company “delivering happiness to all” as defined in its mid-term management vision “STEP.” The Company is proceeding with CSR activities while sharing that intention group-wide and globally under the SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy. SUBARU named to CDP’s prestigious Supplier Engagement Leaderboard SUBARU has been named for the first time to the Supplier Engagement Leaderboard by international non-profit organization CDP*, as one of the top-rated companies in the organization’s 2020 Supplier Engagement Rating. The CDP Supplier Engagement Rating scores efforts against climate change in the overall supply chain of companies that answer the CDP climate change questionnaire. Companies are assessed based on responses to questions in the four areas of governance, targets, Scope 3 emissions, and supplier engagement and on their overall CDP climate change score. The top 7% (396 companies) of the assessed companies around the world were selected to the 2020 Leaderboard. While SUBARU’s supplier selection criteria include compliance with the “SUBARU Green Procurement Guidelines,” new suppliers are further required to formulate an environmental management system. Furthermore, SUBARU holds “Policy Briefings” in an effort to share with suppliers our mid- to long-term management strategies and our quality, procurement, production, and sales policies. In this way, SUBARU is constantly striving to appropriately communicate with our suppliers and advance efforts to deal with climate change together. * CDP is a global non-profit charity that drives companies and governments to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions, safeguard water resources, and protect forests. CDP runs the global disclosure system for investors, companies, cities, states and regions to manage their environmental impacts. CDP’s global website

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social Governance
from the President CSR | Appendix | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 155
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021

[PAGE 157]
Appendix 156 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Third-party Opinion on the SUBARU Sustainability Report Mr. Keisuke Takegahara Executive Fellow, Research Institute of Capital Formation, Development Bank of Japan Inc. General Manager Head of Research Center on Financial Economics Profile Graduated from Hitotsubashi University Faculty of Law in 1989 and joined the Development Bank of Japan in the same year. After appointments as Chief Representative for the Frankfurt Office, Head of the Environmental and CSR Department, Head of the Economic & Industrial Research Department, and Executive Officer and Deputy Chief Research Officer of the Industrial Research Division, he was appointed to his current position in 2021. He has been working for many years in the fields of environmental finance planning and industrial research, including the creation of the DBJ’s environmental ratings-based financing program. At present, he holds many public posts, including as a temporary member of the Ministry of the Environment’s “Central Environmental Council” and a temporary member of the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry’s “Industrial Structure Council.” His many other accomplishments include writing third-party opinions for CSR reports and giving lectures on materiality analysis, ESG and SDGs. He has also co-authored works including “Renewable Energy and New Growth Strategy” (Energy Forum 2015), and “How to Tackle Climate Change Risk” (coauthored with the Kinzai Institute for Financial Affairs, Inc., 2014). As its new name suggests, Sustainability Report 2021 has transitioned from an in-depth and comprehensive report on CSR to one that conveys the significance of various activities in an encompassing format that leads to value creation for the Group. It retains its two-part structure with an introduction that provides an overview of CSR activities and a progress report on a wide range of initiatives. However, the report has taken a new approach and places greater emphasis on the introduction. The first standout feature is the revamped CSR concept diagram of the Subaru Group’s CSR. The value creation model for a company “delivering happiness to all” set forth in the mid-term management vision “STEP” has the Six Priority Areas for CSR created by multiplying the three STEP priorities, emphasizing the unity between CSR and business. In particular, the focus on the importance of human capital in terms of “individual growth” indicates SUBARU’s emphasis on employee involvement, which I will discuss below. The Message from the President makes a strong impression – clearly stating that the essence of SUBARU-ness lies in both resolving social issues and achieving growth by leveraging the strengths of SUBARU’s businesses. The discussion of SUBARU’s commitment to zero fatal road accidents with technologies such as EyeSight in advance of the Japanese government’s green growth strategy and of the issue of achieving carbon neutrality in 2050 through a medium- to long-term product strategy centered on electrification technology adds depth to a specific and detailed explanation of SUBARU-ness as a differentiating factor. The flow of the introduction, including the section on the CSR promotion organization and highlights from the Six Priority Areas for CSR, is smooth and makes SUBARU’s approach to value creation easy to understand. The presentation of the scalability and flexibility of SUBARU’s concept of the Six Priority Areas for CSR is particularly impressive. While the term materiality is not used, the Six Priority Areas for CSR are clearly key issues for the Subaru Group. The current debate on materiality concerns the relative merits of focusing on issues that directly impact the sustainability of business models, mainly with investors in mind, versus anticipating the impact of a wide range of social issues. Responding flexibly to changes in the external environment instead of thinking rigidly is preferable, and SUBARU’s approach of adjusting component themes embodies dynamic materiality. Examples that demonstrate the latest initiatives include the addition of “enhancing and strengthening the Group’s teleworking environment” and “community support activities in the event of a disaster or pandemic” to the themes of empathy and coexistence, and the addition of “respecting the human rights and diversity of all people” and “acquisition of new knowledge by proactively recruiting people from outside the SUBARU Group” to diversity. These components of the introduction alone could be the core content of an Integrated Report. Since SUBARU is transforming its Annual Report into an Integrated Report, the changes above represent the transformation of Subaru Group disclosure. The discussion of CSR activities in the latter part clearly shows the attitude of steadily promoting effective initiatives. In particular, “Environment Action Plan 2030” lays out milestones for the long-term vision for 2050 that demonstrates SUBARU’s leadership as an automobile manufacturer, with a superbly structured presentation of its strategy for transitioning to carbon neutrality, fleshed out with reference to specific products. At the same time, the perspective on both risks and opportunities is realistic and convincing, including recognition that overall profitability both upstream and downstream places limits on the deployment of electrification technology, and the attitude of emphasizing the added value of SUBARU-ness even with electric vehicles. In addition, SUBARU has made steady progress in its

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social Governance
from the President CSR | Appendix | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 156
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021

[PAGE 158]
Appendix 157 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index recent efforts to promote human rights, and executes well- defined due diligence for human rights and has conducted training on “business and human rights” for all employees in relevant departments. As with quality issues, SUBARU displays a conscientious commitment to employee involvement in new challenges and the high level of awareness that enables that. SUBARU is focusing on diversity and creating a more diverse organization, and would do well to emphasize this unseen strength at some point. As mentioned above, SUBARU’s disclosure system is likely to change significantly in the future, so I would like to share three suggestions for SUBARU to consider in connection with that. The first is a structural technique for efficiently conveying the vast amount of information in latter parts to readers. I would suggest aligning information in latter parts with the Six Priority Areas for CSR to seamlessly guide readers from the first part to related content. Next, I would once again suggest a more systematic disclosure of human capital, which was emphasized in value creation as “individual growth.” The progress of SUBARU’s initiatives in this area are readily apparent, as evidenced by the “Subaru Health Declaration,” but disclosure should go a step further and focus on the quality of human capital. Similarly, I would like to ask SUBARU to continue considering the appropriateness of KPIs for managing progress in the Six Priority Areas for CSR. The disclosure of sustainability information has entered a new stage with the transition to an Integrated Report, and I look forward to further evolution in the future. Thank you for your opinion concerning our Sustainability Report 2021. We upgraded our existing disclosure system in FYE March 2022. Sustainability Report is the new name for our former CSR Report, and our integrated report is its core. The Subaru Group will fulfill its social responsibilities as it works to earn the trust of society. Aiming for sustainable growth, we will more clearly communicate our desire to contribute to a happy and sustainable society. In addition, the Subaru Group aims to deliver happiness to all by evolving the value we provide in the form of “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” to help achieve a happy and sustainable society. We would like all stakeholders to deepen their understanding of the Subaru Group’s unchanging values, its strengths, and the business model that backs our ideals, and we have formulated a new value creation diagram that includes financial and non-financial elements to tell our story of long-term value creation. It appears in this report as a conceptual diagram titled “Subaru Group’s CSR” and shows that employee growth will be the driving force of the Subaru Group’s CSR initiatives in tandem with the mid-term management vision “STEP.” We have also incorporated the idea of developing people who can think and act on their own in response to various changes. This has included introducing a new personnel system that actively supports people who take on challenges. The Subaru Group is promoting the Six Priority Areas for CSR globally, centered on the SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy formulated in April 2020, and we are inculcating the relevant ideas and mindset throughout the Group. Therefore, we do not need to deepen the Six Priority Areas for CSR as a discussion of materiality, and each employee can take a bird’s- eye view of how their work impacts society and Group profits. Thus, we are enhancing our ability to flexibly respond to contemporary issues from the perspective of the Six Priority Areas for CSR. I am encouraged that you evaluated SUBARU as providing easily understood information about the development of its information disclosure system and the thoughts and initiatives related to the Subaru Group’s value creation. In addition, I am pleased that you think we have a specific and detailed message about the pursuit of SUBARU-ness when it comes to improving safety performance through the next-generation EyeSight, aiming for zero fatal traffic accidents* in 2030 and strengthening our dynamism while working to achieve carbon neutrality in 2050. On the other hand, you gave us suggestions for the future, such as examining the appropriateness of KPIs, more systematic disclosure of human capital, and structural ideas for efficiently transmitting vast amounts of information. While discussing goals and plans within the PDCA cycle, we will enhance the quality of information provision including the progress of the new personnel system. We will also improve the information disclosure system to facilitate reader understanding and access to the report. The Subaru Group wants to deliver happiness to all. We want to make our customers smile, and we also want to make our stakeholders, society, and the entire planet smile. It has been some time since it was first said that the automobile industry is in the middle of a-once-in-a- hundred-year transformation. While this is a period of major change, we will continue to take feedback from our stakeholders seriously and actively promote CSR initiatives with SUBARU-ness at the center. * Reducing to zero the number of fatal accidents occurring while a driver or passenger in a SUBARU vehicle and the number of fatalities among pedestrians, cyclists, and the like arising from collisions with a SUBARU vehicle. Tomomi Nakamura Representative Director of the Board, President and CEO SUBARU CORPORATION Response to the Third-Party Opinion

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social Governance
from the President CSR | Appendix | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION 157
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Report 2021

[PAGE 159]
Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix 158 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index 159 GRI Content Index 177 TCFD Content Index

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the President CSR | GRI Content Index/
TCFD Content Index | SUBARU CORPORATION 158
Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] 159 GRI Content Index
GRI Content Index/
177 TCFD Content Index
TCFD Content Index

[PAGE 160]
Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix 159 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index GRI Content Index In reference to the reporting requirements set forth by the GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards, the content index indicates where you can find the relevant information in the Sustainability Report 2021, annual securities report, Corporate Governance Report, and others. Universal Standards * Not applicable (NA): Item that is irrelevant or has no cases in which we are involved on a material level. * –: Item we do not disclose. Item number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016 1. Organizational Profile 102-1 Name of the organization a. Name of the organization. Corporate Overview 102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services a. A description of the organization’s activities. b. Primary brands, products, and services, including an explanation of any products or services that are banned in certain markets. Product Lineup 102-3 Location of headquarters a. Location of the organization’s headquarters. Corporate Overview 102-4 Location of operations a. Number of countries where the organization operates, and the names of countries where it has significant operations and/or that are relevant to the topics covered in the report. Global Network 102-5 Ownership and legal form a. Nature of ownership and legal form. Corporate Overview 102-6 Markets served a. Markets served, including: i. geographic locations where products and services are offered; ii. sectors served; iii. types of customers and beneficiaries. Global Network 102-7 Scale of the organization a. Scale of the organization, including: i. total number of employees; ii. total number of operations; iii. net sales (for private sector organizations) or net revenues (for public sector organizations); iv. total capitalization (for private sector organizations) broken down in terms of debt and equity; v. quantity of products or services provided. Employee Data Corporate Overview Financial Highlights 102-8 Information on employees and other workers a. Total number of employees by employment contract (permanent and temporary), by gender. b. Total number of employees by employment contract (permanent and temporary), by region. c. Total number of employees by employment type (full-time and part-time), by gender. d. Whether a significant portion of the organization’s activities are performed by workers who are not employees. If applicable, a description of the nature and scale of work performed by workers who are not employees. e. Any significant variations in the numbers reported in Disclosures 102-8-a, 102-8-b, and 102-8-c (such as seasonal variations in the tourism or agricultural industries). f. An explanation of how the data have been compiled, including any assumptions made. Employee Data 102-9 Supply chain a. A description of the organization’s supply chain, including its main elements as they relate to the organization’s activities, primary brands, products, and services. – 102-10 Significant changes to the organization and its supply chain a. Significant changes to the organization’s size, structure, ownership, or supply chain, including: i. Changes in the location of, or changes in, operations, including facility openings, closings, and expansions; ii. Changes in the share capital structure and other capital formation, maintenance, and alteration operations (for private sector organizations); iii. Changes in the location of suppliers, the structure of the supply chain, or relationships with suppliers, including selection and termination. N/A

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the President CSR | GRI Content Index/
TCFD Content Index | SUBARU CORPORATION 159
Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] GRI Content Index
In reference to the reporting requirements set forth by the GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards,
the content index indicates where you can find the relevant information in the Sustainability Report 2021,
annual securities report, Corporate Governance Report, and others.
* Not applicable (NA): Item that is irrelevant or has no cases in which we are involved on a material level.
* –: Item we do not disclose.
Universal Standards
Item number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016
1. Organizational Profile
102-1 Name of the organization a. Name of the organization. Corporate Overview
a. A description of the organization’s activities.
102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services Product Lineup
b. Primary brands, products, and services, including an explanation of any products or services that are banned in certain markets.
102-3 Location of headquarters a. Location of the organization’s headquarters. Corporate Overview
a. N umber of countries where the organization operates, and the names of countries where it has significant operations and/or that are relevant to the
102-4 Location of operations Global Network
topics covered in the report.
102-5 Ownership and legal form a. Nature of ownership and legal form. Corporate Overview
a. Markets served, including:
i. geographic locations where products and services are offered;
102-6 Markets served Global Network
ii. sectors served;
iii. types of customers and beneficiaries.
a. Scale of the organization, including:
i. total number of employees;
Employee Data
ii. total number of operations;
102-7 Scale of the organization Corporate Overview
iii. net sales (for private sector organizations) or net revenues (for public sector organizations);
Financial Highlights
iv. total capitalization (for private sector organizations) broken down in terms of debt and equity;
v. quantity of products or services provided.
a. Total number of employees by employment contract (permanent and temporary), by gender.
b. Total number of employees by employment contract (permanent and temporary), by region.
c. Total number of employees by employment type (full-time and part-time), by gender.
d. W hether a significant portion of the organization’s activities are performed by workers who are not employees. If applicable, a description of the nature
102-8 Information on employees and other workers Employee Data
and scale of work performed by workers who are not employees.
e. A ny significant variations in the numbers reported in Disclosures 102-8-a, 102-8-b, and 102-8-c (such as seasonal variations in the tourism or agricultural
industries).
f. An explanation of how the data have been compiled, including any assumptions made.
a. A description of the organization’s supply chain, including its main elements as they relate to the organization’s activities, primary brands, products, and
102-9 Supply chain –
services.
a. Significant changes to the organization’s size, structure, ownership, or supply chain, including:
Significant changes to the organization and its i. Changes in the location of, or changes in, operations, including facility openings, closings, and expansions;
102-10 N/A
supply chain ii. Changes in the share capital structure and other capital formation, maintenance, and alteration operations (for private sector organizations);
iii. Changes in the location of suppliers, the structure of the supply chain, or relationships with suppliers, including selection and termination.
[TABLE] Item number | Disclosure | Reporting Requirements | Corresponding Sections
[TABLE] GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016
[TABLE] 1. Organizational Profile

[PAGE 161]
Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix 160 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections 102-11 Precautionary Principle or approach a. Whether and how the organization applies the Precautionary Principle or approach. Acquisition of External Certification for Environmental Management Systems Occupational Health and Safety Green Procurement Guidelines Information Security Intellectual Property Protection Initiatives 102-12 External initiatives a. A list of externally-developed economic, environmental and social charters, principles, or other initiatives to which the organization subscribes, or which it endorses. 102-13 Membership of associations a. A list of the main memberships of industry or other associations, and national or international advocacy organizations. 2. Strategy 102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker a. A statement from the most senior decision-maker of the organization (such as CEO, chair, or equivalent senior position) about the relevance of sustainability to the organization and its strategy for addressing sustainability. 102-15 Key impacts, risks, and opportunities a. A description of key impacts, risks, and opportunities. Subaru Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR 3. Ethics and Integrity 102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior a. A description of the organization’s values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior. SUBARU’s Vision - Delivering happiness to all - 102-17 Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics a. A description of internal and external mechanisms for: i. seeking advice about ethical and lawful behavior, and organizational integrity; ii. reporting concerns about unethical or unlawful behavior, and organizational integrity. Compliance Hotline 4. Governance 102-18 Governance structure a. Governance structure of the organization, including committees of the highest governance body. b. Committees responsible for decision-making on economic, environmental, and social topics. Corporate Governance>Management System Directors, Auditors, and Executive Officers Environmental Risk Management System 102-19 Delegating authority a. Process for delegating authority for economic, environmental, and social topics from the highest governance body to senior executives and other employees. Environmental Risk Management System 102-20 Executive-level responsibility for economic, environmental, and social topics a. Whether the organization has appointed an executive-level position or positions with responsibility for economic, environmental, and social topics. b. Whether post holders report directly to the highest governance body. Environmental Management 102-21 Consulting stakeholders on economic, environmental, and social topics a. Processes for consultation between stakeholders and the highest governance body on economic, environmental, and social topics. b. If consultation is delegated, describe to whom it is delegated and how the resulting feedback is provided to the highest governance body. – 102-22 Composition of the highest governance body and its committees a. Composition of the highest governance body and its committees by: i. executive or non-executive; ii. independence; iii. tenure on the governance body; iv. number of each individual’s other significant positions and commitments, and the nature of the commitments; v. gender; vi. membership of under-represented social groups; vii. competencies relating to economic, environmental, and social topics; viii. stakeholder representation. Corporate Governance>Management System 102-23 Chair of the highest governance body a. Whether the chair of the highest governance body is also an executive officer in the organization. b. If the chair is also an executive officer, describe his or her function within the organization’s management and the reasons for this arrangement. Corporate Governance Report P.5 II Status of corporate governance system including organization of management pertaining to management decision- making, business execution, and oversight (Japanese version only)

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the President CSR | GRI Content Index/
TCFD Content Index | SUBARU CORPORATION 160
Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
Acquisition of External Certification for
Environmental Management Systems
Occupational Health and Safety
102-11 Precautionary Principle or approach a. W hether and how the organization applies the Precautionary Principle or approach.
Green Procurement Guidelines
Information Security
Intellectual Property Protection Initiatives
a. A list of externally-developed economic, environmental and social charters, principles, or other initiatives to which the organization subscribes, or which
102-12 External initiatives
it endorses.
102-13 Membership of associations a. A list of the main memberships of industry or other associations, and national or international advocacy organizations.
2. Strategy
a. A statement from the most senior decision-maker of the organization (such as CEO, chair, or equivalent senior position) about the relevance of
102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker
sustainability to the organization and its strategy for addressing sustainability.
102-15 Key impacts, risks, and opportunities a. A description of key impacts, risks, and opportunities. S ubaru Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR
3. Ethics and Integrity
Values, principles, standards, and norms of SUBARU’s Vision
102-16 a. A description of the organization’s values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior.
behavior - Delivering happiness to all -
a. A description of internal and external mechanisms for:
Mechanisms for advice and concerns about
102-17 i. s eeking advice about ethical and lawful behavior, and organizational integrity; Compliance Hotline
ethics
ii. r eporting concerns about unethical or unlawful behavior, and organizational integrity.
4. Governance
Corporate Governance>Management
System
a. G overnance structure of the organization, including committees of the highest governance body.
102-18 Governance structure Directors, Auditors, and Executive
b. C ommittees responsible for decision-making on economic, environmental, and social topics.
Officers
Environmental Risk Management System
a. P rocess for delegating authority for economic, environmental, and social topics from the highest governance body to senior executives and other Environmental Risk Management
102-19 Delegating authority
employees. System
Executive-level responsibility for economic, a. W hether the organization has appointed an executive-level position or positions with responsibility for economic, environmental, and social topics.
102-20 Environmental Management
environmental, and social topics b. W hether post holders report directly to the highest governance body.
Consulting stakeholders on economic, a. P rocesses for consultation between stakeholders and the highest governance body on economic, environmental, and social topics.
102-21 –
environmental, and social topics b. I f consultation is delegated, describe to whom it is delegated and how the resulting feedback is provided to the highest governance body.
a. C omposition of the highest governance body and its committees by:
i. e xecutive or non-executive;
ii. independence;
iii. t enure on the governance body;
Composition of the highest governance body and Corporate Governance>Management
102-22 iv. n umber of each individual’s other significant positions and commitments, and the nature of the commitments;
its committees System
v. gender;
vi. m embership of under-represented social groups;
vii. c ompetencies relating to economic, environmental, and social topics;
viii. stakeholder representation.
Corporate Governance Report P.5
II Status of corporate governance system
a. W hether the chair of the highest governance body is also an executive officer in the organization. including organization of management
102-23 Chair of the highest governance body
b. I f the chair is also an executive officer, describe his or her function within the organization’s management and the reasons for this arrangement. pertaining to management decision-
making, business execution, and
oversight (Japanese version only)
[TABLE] 2. Strategy
[TABLE] 3. Ethics and Integrity
[TABLE] 4. Governance

[PAGE 162]
Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix 161 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections 102-24 Nominating and selecting the highest governance body a. Nomination and selection processes for the highest governance body and its committees. b. Criteria used for nominating and selecting highest governance body members, including whether and how: i. stakeholders (including shareholders) are involved; ii. diversity is considered; iii. independence is considered; iv. expertise and experience relating to economic, environmental, and social topics are considered. Annual Securities Report and Internal Controls Report for the 90th Period P.54 [Compensation for Directors] (Japanese version only) 102-25 Conflicts of interest a. Processes for the highest governance body to ensure conflicts of interest are avoided and managed. b. Whether conflicts of interest are disclosed to stakeholders, including, as a minimum: i. Cross-board membership; ii. Cross-shareholding with suppliers and other stakeholders; iii. Existence of controlling shareholder; iv. Related party disclosures. Preventing Conflicts of Interest 102-26 Role of highest governance body in setting purpose, values, and strategy a. Highest governance body’s and senior executives’ roles in the development, approval, and updating of the organization’s purpose, value or mission statements, strategies, policies, and goals related to economic, environmental, and social topics. CSR Promotion System 102-27 Collective knowledge of highest governance body a. Measures taken to develop and enhance the highest governance body’s collective knowledge of economic, environmental, and social topics. Executive Training Compliance>Initiatives>Training 102-28 Evaluating the highest governance body’s performance a. Processes for evaluating the highest governance body’s performance with respect to governance of economic, environmental, and social topics. b. Whether such evaluation is independent or not, and its frequency. c. Whether such evaluation is a self-assessment. d. Actions taken in response to evaluation of the highest governance body’s performance with respect to governance of economic, environmental, and social topics, including, as a minimum, changes in membership and organizational practice. Effectiveness Evaluation of the Board of Directors 102-29 Identifying and managing economic, environmental, and social impacts a. Highest governance body’s role in identifying and managing economic, environmental, and social topics and their impacts, risks, and opportunities – including its role in the implementation of due diligence processes. b. Whether stakeholder consultation is used to support the highest governance body’s identification and management of economic, environmental, and social topics and their impacts, risks, and opportunities. – 102-30 Effectiveness of risk management processes a. Highest governance body’s role in reviewing the effectiveness of the organization’s risk management processes for economic, environmental, and social topics. Risk Management>Management System 102-31 Review of economic, environmental, and social topics a. Frequency of the highest governance body’s review of economic, environmental, and social topics and their impacts, risks, and opportunities. Environmental Management System 102-32 Highest governance body’s role in sustainability reporting a. The highest committee or position that formally reviews and approves the organization’s sustainability report and ensures that all material topics are covered. – 102-33 Communicating critical concerns a. Process for communicating critical concerns to the highest governance body. – 102-34 Nature and total number of critical concerns a. Total number and nature of critical concerns that were communicated to the highest governance body. b. Mechanism(s) used to address and resolve critical concerns. N/A 102-35 Remuneration policies a. Remuneration policies for the highest governance body and senior executives for the following types of remuneration: i. Fixed pay and variable pay, including performance-based pay, equity-based pay, bonuses, and deferred or vested shares; ii. Sign-on bonuses or recruitment incentive payments; iii. Termination payments; iv. Clawbacks; v. Retirement benefits, including the difference between benefit schemes and contribution rates for the highest governance body, senior executives, and all other employees. b. How performance criteria in the remuneration policies relate to the highest governance body’s and senior executives’ objectives for economic, environmental, and social topics. Executive Compensation 102-36 Process for determining remuneration a. Process for determining remuneration. b. Whether remuneration consultants are involved in determining remuneration and whether they are independent of management. c. Any other relationships that the remuneration consultants have with the organization. Executive Compensation

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the President CSR | GRI Content Index/
TCFD Content Index | SUBARU CORPORATION 161
Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
a. N omination and selection processes for the highest governance body and its committees.
b. C riteria used for nominating and selecting highest governance body members, including whether and how: A nnual Securities Report and Internal
Nominating and selecting the highest governance i. s takeholders (including shareholders) are involved; Controls Report for the 90th Period P.54
102-24
body ii. d iversity is considered; [Compensation for Directors]
iii. i ndependence is considered; (Japanese version only)
iv. e xpertise and experience relating to economic, environmental, and social topics are considered.
a. P rocesses for the highest governance body to ensure conflicts of interest are avoided and managed.
b. W hether conflicts of interest are disclosed to stakeholders, including, as a minimum:
i. Cross-board membership;
102-25 Conflicts of interest Preventing Conflicts of Interest
ii. C ross-shareholding with suppliers and other stakeholders;
iii. E xistence of controlling shareholder;
iv. R elated party disclosures.
Role of highest governance body in setting a. H ighest governance body’s and senior executives’ roles in the development, approval, and updating of the organization’s purpose, value or mission
102-26 CSR Promotion System
purpose, values, and strategy statements, strategies, policies, and goals related to economic, environmental, and social topics.
Executive Training
102-27 Collective knowledge of highest governance body a. M easures taken to develop and enhance the highest governance body’s collective knowledge of economic, environmental, and social topics.
Compliance>Initiatives>Training
a. P rocesses for evaluating the highest governance body’s performance with respect to governance of economic, environmental, and social topics.
b. W hether such evaluation is independent or not, and its frequency.
Evaluating the highest governance body’s Effectiveness Evaluation of the Board of
102-28 c. W hether such evaluation is a self-assessment.
performance Directors
d. A ctions taken in response to evaluation of the highest governance body’s performance with respect to governance of economic, environmental, and
social topics, including, as a minimum, changes in membership and organizational practice.
a. H ighest governance body’s role in identifying and managing economic, environmental, and social topics and their impacts, risks, and opportunities –
Identifying and managing economic, including its role in the implementation of due diligence processes.
102-29 –
environmental, and social impacts b. W hether stakeholder consultation is used to support the highest governance body’s identification and management of economic, environmental, and
social topics and their impacts, risks, and opportunities.
a. H ighest governance body’s role in reviewing the effectiveness of the organization’s risk management processes for economic, environmental, and social Risk Management>Management
102-30 Effectiveness of risk management processes
topics. System
Review of economic, environmental, and social
102-31 a. F requency of the highest governance body’s review of economic, environmental, and social topics and their impacts, risks, and opportunities. Environmental Management System
topics
Highest governance body’s role in sustainability a. T he highest committee or position that formally reviews and approves the organization’s sustainability report and ensures that all material topics are
102-32 –
reporting covered.
102-33 Communicating critical concerns a. P rocess for communicating critical concerns to the highest governance body. –
a. T otal number and nature of critical concerns that were communicated to the highest governance body.
102-34 Nature and total number of critical concerns N/A
b. M echanism(s) used to address and resolve critical concerns.
a. R emuneration policies for the highest governance body and senior executives for the following types of remuneration:
i. F ixed pay and variable pay, including performance-based pay, equity-based pay, bonuses, and deferred or vested shares;
ii. S ign-on bonuses or recruitment incentive payments;
iii. Termination payments;
102-35 Remuneration policies iv. Clawbacks; Executive Compensation
v. R etirement benefits, including the difference between benefit schemes and contribution rates for the highest governance body, senior executives, and
all other employees.
b. H ow performance criteria in the remuneration policies relate to the highest governance body’s and senior executives’ objectives for economic,
environmental, and social topics.
a. P rocess for determining remuneration.
102-36 Process for determining remuneration b. W hether remuneration consultants are involved in determining remuneration and whether they are independent of management. Executive Compensation
c. A ny other relationships that the remuneration consultants have with the organization.

[PAGE 163]
Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix 162 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections 102-37 Stakeholders’ involvement in remuneration a. How stakeholders’ views are sought and taken into account regarding remuneration. b. If applicable, the results of votes on remuneration policies and proposals. Annual Securities Report and Internal Controls Report for the 90th Period P.54 [Compensation for Directors] (Japanese version only) 102-38 Annual total compensation ratio a. Ratio of the annual total compensation for the organization’s highest-paid individual in each country of significant operations to the median annual total compensation for all employees (excluding the highest-paid individual) in the same country. – 102-39 Percentage increase in annual total compensation ratio a. Ratio of the percentage increase in annual total compensation for the organization’s highest-paid individual in each country of significant operations to the median percentage increase in annual total compensation for all employees (excluding the highest-paid individual) in the same country. – 5. Stakeholder Engagement 102-40 List of stakeholder groups a. A list of stakeholder groups engaged by the organization. Stakeholder Engagement 102-41 Collective bargaining agreements a. Percentage of total employees covered by collective bargaining agreements. Labor-Management Communication 102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders a. The basis for identifying and selecting stakeholders with whom to engage. Stakeholder Engagement 102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement a. The organization’s approach to stakeholder engagement, including frequency of engagement by type and by stakeholder group, and an indication of whether any of the engagement was undertaken specifically as part of the report preparation process. Stakeholder Engagement 102-44 Key topics and concerns raised a. Key topics and concerns that have been raised through stakeholder engagement, including: i. how the organization has responded to those key topics and concerns, including through its reporting; ii. the stakeholder groups that raised each of the key topics and concerns. – 6. Reporting Practice 102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements a. A list of all entities included in the organization’s consolidated financial statements or equivalent documents. b. Whether any entity included in the organization’s consolidated financial statements or equivalent documents is not covered by the report. Global Network 102-46 Defining report content and topic Boundaries a. An explanation of the process for defining the report content and the topic Boundaries. b. An explanation of how the organization has implemented the Reporting Principles for defining report content. Process of Identifying the Six Priority Areas for CSR 102-47 List of material topics a. A list of the material topics identified in the process for defining report content. Subaru Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR 102-48 Restatements of information a. The effect of any restatements of information given in previous reports, and the reasons for such restatements. N/A 102-49 Changes in reporting a. Significant changes from previous reporting periods in the list of material topics and topic Boundaries. N/A 102-50 Reporting period a. Reporting period for the information provided. Reporting Period 102-51 Date of most recent report a. If applicable, the date of the most recent previous report. Period Issued 102-52 Reporting cycle a. Reporting cycle. Period Issued 102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report a. The contact point for questions regarding the report or its contents. Contact Us 102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards a. The claim made by the organization, if it has prepared a report in accordance with the GRI Standards, either: i. ‘This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option’; ii. ‘This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Comprehensive option’. 102-55 GRI content index a. The GRI content index, which specifies each of the GRI Standards used and lists all disclosures included in the report. b. For each disclosure, the content index shall include: i. the number of the disclosure (for disclosures covered by the GRI Standards); ii. the page number(s) or URL(s) where the information can be found, either within the report or in other published materials; iii. if applicable, and where permitted, the reason(s) for omission when a required disclosure cannot be made. GRI Content Index

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the President CSR | GRI Content Index/
TCFD Content Index | SUBARU CORPORATION 162
Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
A nnual Securities Report and Internal
a. H ow stakeholders’ views are sought and taken into account regarding remuneration. Controls Report for the 90th Period P.54
102-37 Stakeholders’ involvement in remuneration
b. I f applicable, the results of votes on remuneration policies and proposals. [Compensation for Directors]
(Japanese version only)
a. R atio of the annual total compensation for the organization’s highest-paid individual in each country of significant operations to the median annual total
102-38 Annual total compensation ratio –
compensation for all employees (excluding the highest-paid individual) in the same country.
Percentage increase in annual total compensation a. R atio of the percentage increase in annual total compensation for the organization’s highest-paid individual in each country of significant operations to
102-39 –
ratio the median percentage increase in annual total compensation for all employees (excluding the highest-paid individual) in the same country.
5. Stakeholder Engagement
102-40 List of stakeholder groups a. A list of stakeholder groups engaged by the organization. Stakeholder Engagement
102-41 Collective bargaining agreements a. P ercentage of total employees covered by collective bargaining agreements. Labor-Management Communication
102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders a. T he basis for identifying and selecting stakeholders with whom to engage. Stakeholder Engagement
a. T he organization’s approach to stakeholder engagement, including frequency of engagement by type and by stakeholder group, and an indication of
102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement Stakeholder Engagement
whether any of the engagement was undertaken specifically as part of the report preparation process.
a. K ey topics and concerns that have been raised through stakeholder engagement, including:
102-44 Key topics and concerns raised i. h ow the organization has responded to those key topics and concerns, including through its reporting; –
ii. t he stakeholder groups that raised each of the key topics and concerns.
6. Reporting Practice
Entities included in the consolidated financial a. A list of all entities included in the organization’s consolidated financial statements or equivalent documents.
102-45 Global Network
statements b. W hether any entity included in the organization’s consolidated financial statements or equivalent documents is not covered by the report.
a. A n explanation of the process for defining the report content and the topic Boundaries. Process of Identifying the Six Priority
102-46 Defining report content and topic Boundaries
b. A n explanation of how the organization has implemented the Reporting Principles for defining report content. Areas for CSR
Subaru Group’s Six Priority Areas for
102-47 List of material topics a. A list of the material topics identified in the process for defining report content.
CSR
102-48 Restatements of information a. T he effect of any restatements of information given in previous reports, and the reasons for such restatements. N/A
102-49 Changes in reporting a. S ignificant changes from previous reporting periods in the list of material topics and topic Boundaries. N/A
102-50 Reporting period a. R eporting period for the information provided. Reporting Period
102-51 Date of most recent report a. I f applicable, the date of the most recent previous report. Period Issued
102-52 Reporting cycle a. Reporting cycle. Period Issued
102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report a. T he contact point for questions regarding the report or its contents. Contact Us
a. T he claim made by the organization, if it has prepared a report in accordance with the GRI Standards, either:
Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI
102-54 i. ‘ This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option’;
Standards
ii. ‘ This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Comprehensive option’.
a. T he GRI content index, which specifies each of the GRI Standards used and lists all disclosures included in the report.
b. F or each disclosure, the content index shall include:
102-55 GRI content index i. t he number of the disclosure (for disclosures covered by the GRI Standards); GRI Content Index
ii. t he page number(s) or URL(s) where the information can be found, either within the report or in other published materials;
iii. i f applicable, and where permitted, the reason(s) for omission when a required disclosure cannot be made.
[TABLE] 5. Stakeholder Engagement
[TABLE] 6. Reporting Practice

[PAGE 164]
Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix 163 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections 102-56 External assurance a. A description of the organization’s policy and current practice with regard to seeking external assurance for the report. b. If the report has been externally assured: i. A reference to the external assurance report, statements, or opinions. If not included in the assurance report accompanying the sustainability report, a description of what has and what has not been assured and on what basis, including the assurance standards used, the level of assurance obtained, and any limitations of the assurance process; ii. The relationship between the organization and the assurance provider; iii. Whether and how the highest governance body or senior executives are involved in seeking external assurance for the organization’s sustainability report. – GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary a. An explanation of why the topic is material. b. The Boundary for the material topic, which includes a description of: i. where the impacts occur; ii. the organization’s involvement with the impacts. For example, whether the organization has caused or contributed to the impacts, or is directly linked to the impacts through its business relationships. c. Any specific limitation regarding the topic Boundary. The Subaru Group’s CSR 103-2 The management approach and its components a. An explanation of how the organization manages the topic. b. A statement of the purpose of the management approach. c. A description of the following, if the management approach includes that component: i. Policies ii. Commitments iii. Goals and targets iv. Responsibilities v. Resources vi. Grievance mechanisms vii. Specific actions, such as processes, projects, programs and initiatives? CSR Promotion System Subaru Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR Activities in the Six Priority Areas for CSR in Relation to SDGs 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach a. An explanation of how the organization evaluates the management approach, including: i. the mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the management approach; ii. the results of the evaluation of the management approach; iii. any related adjustments to the management approach. –

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the President CSR | GRI Content Index/
TCFD Content Index | SUBARU CORPORATION 163
Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
a. A description of the organization’s policy and current practice with regard to seeking external assurance for the report.
b. I f the report has been externally assured:
i. A reference to the external assurance report, statements, or opinions. If not included in the assurance report accompanying the sustainability report, a
description of what has and what has not been assured and on what basis, including the assurance standards used, the level of assurance obtained, and
102-56 External assurance –
any limitations of the assurance process;
ii. T he relationship between the organization and the assurance provider;
iii. W hether and how the highest governance body or senior executives are involved in seeking external assurance for the organization’s sustainability
report.
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016
a. A n explanation of why the topic is material.
b. T he Boundary for the material topic, which includes a description of:
i. w here the impacts occur;
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary The Subaru Group’s CSR
ii. t he organization’s involvement with the impacts. For example, whether the organization has caused or contributed to the impacts, or is directly linked to
the impacts through its business relationships.
c. A ny specific limitation regarding the topic Boundary.
a. A n explanation of how the organization manages the topic.
b. A statement of the purpose of the management approach.
c. A description of the following, if the management approach includes that component:
CSR Promotion System
i. Policies
Subaru Group’s Six Priority Areas for
ii. Commitments
103-2 The management approach and its components CSR
iii. G oals and targets
Activities in the Six Priority Areas for CSR
iv. Responsibilities
in Relation to SDGs
v. Resources
vi. Grievance mechanisms
vii. S pecific actions, such as processes, projects, programs and initiatives?
a. A n explanation of how the organization evaluates the management approach, including:
i. t he mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the management approach;
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach –
ii. t he results of the evaluation of the management approach;
iii. a ny related adjustments to the management approach.
[TABLE] GRI 103: Management Approach 2016

[PAGE 165]
Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix 164 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections GRI 200: Economic 201: Economic Performance 2016 201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed a. Direct economic value generated and distributed (EVG&D) on an accruals basis, including the basic components for the organization’s global operations as listed below. If data are presented on a cash basis, report the justification for this decision in addition to reporting the following basic components: i. Direct economic value generated: revenues; ii. Economic value distributed: operating costs, employee wages and benefits, payments to providers of capital, payments to government by country, and community investments; iii. Economic value retained: ‘direct economic value generated’ less ‘economic value distributed’. b. Where significant, report EVG&D separately at country, regional, or market levels, and the criteria used for defining significance. Annual Securities Report and Internal Controls Report for the 90th Period P.60- 66 [Consolidated Financial Statements] (Japanese version only) Annual Securities Report and Internal Controls Report for the 90th Period P.19 [Analysis of Financial Position, Business Performance, and Cash Flows by Top Management] (Japanese version only) 201-2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change a. Risks and opportunities posed by climate change that have the potential to generate substantive changes in operations, revenue, or expenditure, including: i. a description of the risk or opportunity and its classification as either physical, regulatory, or other; ii. a description of the impact associated with the risk or opportunity; iii. the financial implications of the risk or opportunity before action is taken; iv. the methods used to manage the risk or opportunity; v. the costs of actions taken to manage the risk or opportunity. Climate Change 201-3 Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans a. If the plan’s liabilities are met by the organization’s general resources, the estimated value of those liabilities. b. If a separate fund exists to pay the plan’s pension liabilities: i. the extent to which the scheme’s liabilities are estimated to be covered by the assets that have been set aside to meet them; ii. the basis on which that estimate has been arrived at; iii. when that estimate was made. c. If a fund set up to pay the plan’s pension liabilities is not fully covered, explain the strategy, if any, adopted by the employer to work towards full coverage, and the timescale, if any, by which the employer hopes to achieve full coverage. d. Percentage of salary contributed by employee or employer. e. Level of participation in retirement plans, such as participation in mandatory or voluntary schemes, regional, or country-based schemes, or those with financial impact. Annual Securities Report and Internal Controls Report for the 90th Period P.73 [Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements] (Japanese version only) 201-4 Financial assistance received from government a. Total monetary value of financial assistance received by the organization from any government during the reporting period, including: i. tax relief and tax credits; ii. subsidies; iii. investment grants, research and development grants, and other relevant types of grant; iv. awards; v. royalty holidays; vi. financial assistance from Export Credit Agencies (ECAs); vii. financial incentives; viii. other financial benefits received or receivable from any government for any operation. b. The information in 201-4-a by country. c. Whether, and the extent to which, any government is present in the shareholding structure. Annual Securities Report and Internal Controls Report for the 90th Period P.30 [Corporate Information] (Japanese version only) Annual Securities Report and Internal Controls Report for the 90th Period P.60 [Consolidated Financial Statements] (Japanese version only) 202: Market Presence 2016 202-1 Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender compared to local minimum wage a. When a significant proportion of employees are compensated based on wages subject to minimum wage rules, report the relevant ratio of the entry level wage by gender at significant locations of operation to the minimum wage. b. When a significant proportion of other workers (excluding employees) performing the organization’s activities are compensated based on wages subject to minimum wage rules, describe the actions taken to determine whether these workers are paid above the minimum wage. c. Whether a local minimum wage is absent or variable at significant locations of operation, by gender. In circumstances in which different minimums can be used as a reference, report which minimum wage is being used. d. The definition used for ‘significant locations of operation’. Human Rights Policy Appendix 202-2 Proportion of senior management hired from the local community a. Percentage of senior management at significant locations of operation that are hired from the local community. b. The definition used for ‘senior management’. c. The organization’s geographical definition of ‘local’. d. The definition used for ‘significant locations of operation’. – Topic-specific Standards

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the President CSR | GRI Content Index/
TCFD Content Index | SUBARU CORPORATION 164
Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Topic-specific Standards
Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
GRI 200: Economic
201: Economic Performance 2016
A nnual Securities Report and Internal
Controls Report for the 90th Period P.60-
a. D irect economic value generated and distributed (EVG&D) on an accruals basis, including the basic components for the organization’s global operations
66
as listed below. If data are presented on a cash basis, report the justification for this decision in addition to reporting the following basic components:
[Consolidated Financial Statements]
i. D irect economic value generated: revenues;
(Japanese version only)
201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed ii. E conomic value distributed: operating costs, employee wages and benefits, payments to providers of capital, payments to government by country, and
A nnual Securities Report and Internal
community investments;
Controls Report for the 90th Period P.19
iii. E conomic value retained: ‘direct economic value generated’ less ‘economic value distributed’.
[Analysis of Financial Position, Business
b. W here significant, report EVG&D separately at country, regional, or market levels, and the criteria used for defining significance.
Performance, and Cash Flows by Top
Management] (Japanese version only)
a. R isks and opportunities posed by climate change that have the potential to generate substantive changes in operations, revenue, or expenditure,
including:
i. a description of the risk or opportunity and its classification as either physical, regulatory, or other;
Financial implications and other risks and
201-2 ii. a description of the impact associated with the risk or opportunity; Climate Change
opportunities due to climate change
iii. t he financial implications of the risk or opportunity before action is taken;
iv. t he methods used to manage the risk or opportunity;
v. t he costs of actions taken to manage the risk or opportunity.
a. I f the plan’s liabilities are met by the organization’s general resources, the estimated value of those liabilities.
b. I f a separate fund exists to pay the plan’s pension liabilities:
i. t he extent to which the scheme’s liabilities are estimated to be covered by the assets that have been set aside to meet them; Annual Securities Report and Internal
ii. t he basis on which that estimate has been arrived at; Controls Report for the 90th Period
Defined benefit plan obligations and other iii. w hen that estimate was made. P.73
201-3
retirement plans c. I f a fund set up to pay the plan’s pension liabilities is not fully covered, explain the strategy, if any, adopted by the employer to work towards full [Notes to Consolidated Financial
coverage, and the timescale, if any, by which the employer hopes to achieve full coverage. Statements]
d. P ercentage of salary contributed by employee or employer. (Japanese version only)
e. L evel of participation in retirement plans, such as participation in mandatory or voluntary schemes, regional, or country-based schemes, or those with
financial impact.
a. T otal monetary value of financial assistance received by the organization from any government during the reporting period, including:
Annual Securities Report and Internal
i. t ax relief and tax credits;
Controls Report for the 90th Period
ii. subsidies;
P.30
iii. i nvestment grants, research and development grants, and other relevant types of grant;
[Corporate Information]
iv. awards;
(Japanese version only)
201-4 Financial assistance received from government v. royalty holidays;
Annual Securities Report and Internal
vi. f inancial assistance from Export Credit Agencies (ECAs);
Controls Report for the 90th Period
vii. financial incentives;
P.60
viii. o ther financial benefits received or receivable from any government for any operation.
[Consolidated Financial Statements]
b. T he information in 201-4-a by country.
(Japanese version only)
c. W hether, and the extent to which, any government is present in the shareholding structure.
202: Market Presence 2016
a. W hen a significant proportion of employees are compensated based on wages subject to minimum wage rules, report the relevant ratio of the entry
level wage by gender at significant locations of operation to the minimum wage.
b. W hen a significant proportion of other workers (excluding employees) performing the organization’s activities are compensated based on wages subject
Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender
202-1 to minimum wage rules, describe the actions taken to determine whether these workers are paid above the minimum wage. Human Rights Policy Appendix
compared to local minimum wage
c. W hether a local minimum wage is absent or variable at significant locations of operation, by gender. In circumstances in which different minimums can
be used as a reference, report which minimum wage is being used.
d. T he definition used for ‘significant locations of operation’.
a. P ercentage of senior management at significant locations of operation that are hired from the local community.
Proportion of senior management hired from the b. T he definition used for ‘senior management’.
202-2 –
local community c. T he organization’s geographical definition of ‘local’.
d. T he definition used for ‘significant locations of operation’.
[TABLE] Item Number | Disclosure | Reporting Requirements | Corresponding Sections
[TABLE] GRI 200: Economic
[TABLE] 201: Economic Performance 2016
[TABLE] 202: Market Presence 2016

[PAGE 166]
Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix 165 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections 203: Indirect Economic Impacts 2016 203-1 Infrastructure investments and services supported a. Extent of development of significant infrastructure investments and services supported. b. Current or expected impacts on communities and local economies, including positive and negative impacts where relevant. c. Whether these investments and services are commercial, in-kind, or pro bono engagements. – 203-2 Significant indirect economic impacts a. Examples of significant identified indirect economic impacts of the organization, including positive and negative impacts. b. Significance of the indirect economic impacts in the context of external benchmarks and stakeholder priorities, such as national and international standards, protocols, and policy agendas. N/A 204: Procurement Practices 2016 204-1 Proportion of spending on local suppliers a. Percentage of the procurement budget used for significant locations of operation that is spent on suppliers local to that operation (such as percentage of products and services purchased locally). b. The organization’s geographical definition of ‘local’. c. The definition used for ‘significant locations of operation’. – 205: Anti-corruption 2016 205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption a. Total number and percentage of operations assessed for risks related to corruption. b. Significant risks related to corruption identified through the risk assessment. Bribery Prevention 205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures a. Total number and percentage of governance body members that the organization’s anti-corruption policies and procedures have been communicated to, broken down by region. b. Total number and percentage of employees that the organization’s anti-corruption policies and procedures have been communicated to, broken down by employee category and region. c. Total number and percentage of business partners that the organization’s anti-corruption policies and procedures have been communicated to, broken down by type of business partner and region. Describe if the organization’s anti-corruption policies and procedures have been communicated to any other persons or organizations. d. Total number and percentage of governance body members that have received training on anti-corruption, broken down by region. e. Total number and percentage of employees that have received training on anti-corruption, broken down by employee category and region. SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines Compliance>Initiatives>Training 205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken a. Total number and nature of confirmed incidents of corruption. b. Total number of confirmed incidents in which employees were dismissed or disciplined for corruption. c. Total number of confirmed incidents when contracts with business partners were terminated or not renewed due to violations related to corruption. d. Public legal cases regarding corruption brought against the organization or its employees during the reporting period and the outcomes of such cases. N/A 206: Anti-compretitive Behavior 2016 206-1 Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, antitrust, and monopoly practices a. Number of legal actions pending or completed during the reporting period regarding anti-competitive behavior and violations of anti-trust and monopoly legislation in which the organization has been identified as a participant. b. Main outcomes of completed legal actions, including any decisions or judgments. N/A GRI 300: Environmental 301: Materials 2016 301-1 Materials used by weight or volume a. Total weight or volume of materials that are used to produce and package the organization’s primary products and services during the reporting period, by: i. non-renewable materials used; ii. renewable materials used. Subaru Group Material Flow 301-2 Recycled input materials used a. Percentage of recycled input materials used to manufacture the organization’s primary products and services. Resource Recycling 301-3 Reclaimed products and their packaging materials a. Percentage of reclaimed products and their packaging materials for each product category. b. How the data for this disclosure have been collected. Resource Recycling>Achievements and Initiatives>Logistics/Sales

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the President CSR | GRI Content Index/
TCFD Content Index | SUBARU CORPORATION 165
Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
203: Indirect Economic Impacts 2016
a. E xtent of development of significant infrastructure investments and services supported.
203-1 Infrastructure investments and services supported b. C urrent or expected impacts on communities and local economies, including positive and negative impacts where relevant. –
c. W hether these investments and services are commercial, in-kind, or pro bono engagements.
a. E xamples of significant identified indirect economic impacts of the organization, including positive and negative impacts.
203-2 Significant indirect economic impacts b. S ignificance of the indirect economic impacts in the context of external benchmarks and stakeholder priorities, such as national and international N/A
standards, protocols, and policy agendas.
204: Procurement Practices 2016
a. P ercentage of the procurement budget used for significant locations of operation that is spent on suppliers local to that operation (such as percentage
of products and services purchased locally).
204-1 Proportion of spending on local suppliers –
b. T he organization’s geographical definition of ‘local’.
c. T he definition used for ‘significant locations of operation’.
205: Anti-corruption 2016
a. T otal number and percentage of operations assessed for risks related to corruption.
205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption Bribery Prevention
b. S ignificant risks related to corruption identified through the risk assessment.
a. T otal number and percentage of governance body members that the organization’s anti-corruption policies and procedures have been communicated
to, broken down by region.
b. T otal number and percentage of employees that the organization’s anti-corruption policies and procedures have been communicated to, broken down
by employee category and region.
Communication and training about anti-corruption SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines
205-2 c. T otal number and percentage of business partners that the organization’s anti-corruption policies and procedures have been communicated to, broken
policies and procedures Compliance>Initiatives>Training
down by type of business partner and region. Describe if the organization’s anti-corruption policies and procedures have been communicated to any
other persons or organizations.
d. T otal number and percentage of governance body members that have received training on anti-corruption, broken down by region.
e. T otal number and percentage of employees that have received training on anti-corruption, broken down by employee category and region.
a. T otal number and nature of confirmed incidents of corruption.
Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions b. T otal number of confirmed incidents in which employees were dismissed or disciplined for corruption.
205-3 N/A
taken c. T otal number of confirmed incidents when contracts with business partners were terminated or not renewed due to violations related to corruption.
d. P ublic legal cases regarding corruption brought against the organization or its employees during the reporting period and the outcomes of such cases.
206: Anti-compretitive Behavior 2016
a. N umber of legal actions pending or completed during the reporting period regarding anti-competitive behavior and violations of anti-trust and
Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior,
206-1 monopoly legislation in which the organization has been identified as a participant. N/A
antitrust, and monopoly practices
b. M ain outcomes of completed legal actions, including any decisions or judgments.
GRI 300: Environmental
301: Materials 2016
a. T otal weight or volume of materials that are used to produce and package the organization’s primary products and services during the reporting period, by:
301-1 Materials used by weight or volume i. n on-renewable materials used; Subaru Group Material Flow
ii. r enewable materials used.
301-2 Recycled input materials used a. P ercentage of recycled input materials used to manufacture the organization’s primary products and services. Resource Recycling
a. P ercentage of reclaimed products and their packaging materials for each product category. Resource Recycling>Achievements and
301-3 Reclaimed products and their packaging materials
b. H ow the data for this disclosure have been collected. Initiatives>Logistics/Sales
[TABLE] Item Number | Disclosure | Reporting Requirements | Corresponding Sections
[TABLE] 203: Indirect Economic Impacts 2016
[TABLE] 204: Procurement Practices 2016
[TABLE] 205: Anti-corruption 2016
[TABLE] 206: Anti-compretitive Behavior 2016
[TABLE] GRI 300: Environmental
[TABLE] 301: Materials 2016

[PAGE 167]
Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix 166 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections 302: Energy 2016 302-1 Energy consumption within the organization a. Total fuel consumption within the organization from non-renewable sources, in joules or multiples, and including fuel types used. b. Total fuel consumption within the organization from renewable sources, in joules or multiples, and including fuel types used. c. In joules, watt-hours or multiples, the total: i. electricity consumption ii. heating consumption iii. cooling consumption iv. steam consumption d. In joules, watt-hours or multiples, the total: i. electricity sold ii. heating sold iii. cooling sold iv. steam sold e. Total energy consumption within the organization, in joules or multiples. f. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used. g. Source of the conversion factors used. Subaru Group Material Flow 302-2 Energy consumption outside of the organization a. Energy consumption outside of the organization, in joules or multiples. b. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used. c. Source of the conversion factors used. – 302-3 Energy intensity a. Energy intensity ratio for the organization. b. Organization-specific metric (the denominator) chosen to calculate the ratio. c. Types of energy included in the intensity ratio; whether fuel, electricity, heating, cooling, steam, or all. d. Whether the ratio uses energy consumption within the organization, outside of it, or both. – 302-4 Reduction of energy consumption a. Amount of reductions in energy consumption achieved as a direct result of conservation and efficiency initiatives, in joules or multiples. b. Types of energy included in the reductions; whether fuel, electricity, heating, cooling, steam, or all. c. Basis for calculating reductions in energy consumption, such as base year or baseline, including the rationale for choosing it. d. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used. Climate Change 302-5 Reductions in energy requirements of products and services a. Reductions in energy requirements of sold products and services achieved during the reporting period, in joules or multiples. b. Basis for calculating reductions in energy consumption, such as base year or baseline, including the rationale for choosing it. c. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used. Environmentally Friendly Automobiles>Initiatives 303: Water and Effluents 2018 303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource a. A description of how the organization interacts with water, including how and where water is withdrawn, consumed, and discharged, and the water- related impacts caused or contributed to, or directly linked to the organization’s activities, products or services by a business relationship (e.g., impacts caused by runoff). b. A description of the approach used to identify water-related impacts, including the scope of assessments, their timeframe, and any tools or methodologies used. c. A description of how water-related impacts are addressed, including how the organization works with stakeholders to steward water as a shared resource, and how it engages with suppliers or customers with significant water-related impacts. d. An explanation of the process for setting any water-related goals and targets that are part of the organization’s management approach, and how they relate to public policy and the local context of each area with water stress. Water Resources 303-2 Management of water discharge-related impacts a. A description of any minimum standards set for the quality of effluent discharge, and how these minimum standards were determined, including: i. how standards for facilities operating in locations with no local discharge requirements were determined; ii. any internally developed water quality standards or guidelines; iii. any sector-specific standards considered; iv. whether the profile of the receiving waterbody was considered. Water Risk Assessment

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the President CSR | GRI Content Index/
TCFD Content Index | SUBARU CORPORATION 166
Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
302: Energy 2016
a. T otal fuel consumption within the organization from non-renewable sources, in joules or multiples, and including fuel types used.
b. T otal fuel consumption within the organization from renewable sources, in joules or multiples, and including fuel types used.
c. I n joules, watt-hours or multiples, the total:
i. electricity consumption
ii. heating consumption
iii. cooling consumption
iv. steam consumption
302-1 Energy consumption within the organization d. I n joules, watt-hours or multiples, the total: Subaru Group Material Flow
i. electricity sold
ii. heating sold
iii. cooling sold
iv. steam sold
e. T otal energy consumption within the organization, in joules or multiples.
f. S tandards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used.
g. S ource of the conversion factors used.
a. E nergy consumption outside of the organization, in joules or multiples.
302-2 Energy consumption outside of the organization b. S tandards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used. –
c. S ource of the conversion factors used.
a. E nergy intensity ratio for the organization.
b. O rganization-specific metric (the denominator) chosen to calculate the ratio.
302-3 Energy intensity –
c. T ypes of energy included in the intensity ratio; whether fuel, electricity, heating, cooling, steam, or all.
d. W hether the ratio uses energy consumption within the organization, outside of it, or both.
a. A mount of reductions in energy consumption achieved as a direct result of conservation and efficiency initiatives, in joules or multiples.
b. T ypes of energy included in the reductions; whether fuel, electricity, heating, cooling, steam, or all.
302-4 Reduction of energy consumption Climate Change
c. B asis for calculating reductions in energy consumption, such as base year or baseline, including the rationale for choosing it.
d. S tandards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used.
a. R eductions in energy requirements of sold products and services achieved during the reporting period, in joules or multiples.
Reductions in energy requirements of products Environmentally Friendly
302-5 b. B asis for calculating reductions in energy consumption, such as base year or baseline, including the rationale for choosing it.
and services Automobiles>Initiatives
c. S tandards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used.
303: Water and Effluents 2018
a. A description of how the organization interacts with water, including how and where water is withdrawn, consumed, and discharged, and the water-
related impacts caused or contributed to, or directly linked to the organization’s activities, products or services by a business relationship (e.g., impacts
caused by runoff).
b. A description of the approach used to identify water-related impacts, including the scope of assessments, their timeframe, and any tools or
303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource methodologies used. Water Resources
c. A description of how water-related impacts are addressed, including how the organization works with stakeholders to steward water as a shared resource,
and how it engages with suppliers or customers with significant water-related impacts.
d. A n explanation of the process for setting any water-related goals and targets that are part of the organization’s management approach, and how they
relate to public policy and the local context of each area with water stress.
a. A description of any minimum standards set for the quality of effluent discharge, and how these minimum standards were determined, including:
i. h ow standards for facilities operating in locations with no local discharge requirements were determined;
303-2 Management of water discharge-related impacts ii. a ny internally developed water quality standards or guidelines; Water Risk Assessment
iii. a ny sector-specific standards considered;
iv. w hether the profile of the receiving waterbody was considered.
[TABLE] Item Number | Disclosure | Reporting Requirements | Corresponding Sections
[TABLE] 302: Energy 2016
[TABLE] 303: Water and Effluents 2018

[PAGE 168]
Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix 167 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections 303-3 Water withdrawal a. Total water withdrawal from all areas in megaliters, and a breakdown of this total by the following sources, if applicable: i. Surface water; ii. Groundwater; iii. Seawater; iv. Produced water; v. Third-party water. b. Total water withdrawal from all areas with water stress in megaliters, and a breakdown of this total by the following sources, if applicable: i. Surface water; ii. Groundwater; iii. Seawater; iv. Produced water; v. Third-party water, and a breakdown of this total by the withdrawal sources listed in i-iv. c. A breakdown of total water withdrawal from each of the sources listed in Disclosures 303-3-a and 303-3-b in megaliters by the following categories: i. Freshwater (≤1,000 mg/L Total Dissolved Solids); ii. Other water (>1,000 mg/L Total Dissolved Solids). d. Any contextual information necessary to understand how the data have been compiled, such as any standards, methodologies, and assumptions used. Breakdown of water consumption by water source at major production bases 303-4 Water discharge a. Total water discharge to all areas in megaliters, and a breakdown of this total by the following types of destination, if applicable: i. Surface water; ii. Groundwater; iii. Seawater; iv. Third-party water, and the volume of this total sent for use to other organizations, if applicable. b. A breakdown of total water discharge to all areas in megaliters by the following categories: i. Freshwater (≤1,000 mg/L Total Dissolved Solids); ii. Other water (>1,000 mg/L Total Dissolved Solids). c. Total water discharge to all areas with water stress in megaliters, and a breakdown of this total by the following categories: i. Freshwater (≤1,000 mg/L Total Dissolved Solids); ii. Other water (>1,000 mg/L Total Dissolved Solids). d. Priority substances of concern for which discharges are treated, including: i. how priority substances of concern were defined, and any international standard, authoritative list, or criteria used; ii. the approach for setting discharge limits for priority substances of concern; iii. number of incidents of non-compliance with discharge limits. e. Any contextual information necessary to understand how the data have been compiled, such as any standards, methodologies, and assumptions used. – 303-5 Water consumption a. Total water consumption from all areas in megaliters. b. Total water consumption from all areas with water stress in megaliters. c. Change in water storage in megaliters, if water storage has been identified as having a significant water-related impact. d. Any contextual information necessary to understand how the data have been compiled, such as any standards, methodologies, and assumptions used, including whether the information is calculated, estimated, modeled, or sourced from direct measurements, and the approach taken for this, such as the use of any sector-specific factors. Water Resources 304: Biodiversity 2016 304-1 Operational sites owned, leased, managed in, or adjacent to, protected areas and areas of high biodiversity value outside protected areas a. For each operational site owned, leased, managed in, or adjacent to, protected areas and areas of high biodiversity value outside protected areas, the following information: i. Geographic location; ii. Subsurface and underground land that may be owned, leased, or managed by the organization; iii. Position in relation to the protected area (in the area, adjacent to, or containing portions of the protected area) or the high biodiversity value area outside protected areas; iv. Type of operation (office, manufacturing or production, or extractive); v. Size of operational site in km2 (or another unit, if appropriate); vi. Biodiversity value characterized by the attribute of the protected area or area of high biodiversity value outside the protected area (terrestrial, freshwater, or maritime ecosystem); vii. Biodiversity value characterized by listing of protected status (such as IUCN Protected Area Management Categories, Ramsar Convention, national legislation). N/A

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the President CSR | GRI Content Index/
TCFD Content Index | SUBARU CORPORATION 167
Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
a. T otal water withdrawal from all areas in megaliters, and a breakdown of this total by the following sources, if applicable:
i. Surface water;
ii. Groundwater;
iii. Seawater;
iv. Produced water;
v. Third-party water.
b. T otal water withdrawal from all areas with water stress in megaliters, and a breakdown of this total by the following sources, if applicable:
i. Surface water; Breakdown of water consumption by
303-3 Water withdrawal
ii. Groundwater; water source at major production bases
iii. Seawater;
iv. Produced water;
v. T hird-party water, and a breakdown of this total by the withdrawal sources listed in i-iv.
c. A breakdown of total water withdrawal from each of the sources listed in Disclosures 303-3-a and 303-3-b in megaliters by the following categories:
i. F reshwater (≤1,000 mg/L Total Dissolved Solids);
ii. O ther water (>1,000 mg/L Total Dissolved Solids).
d. A ny contextual information necessary to understand how the data have been compiled, such as any standards, methodologies, and assumptions used.
a. T otal water discharge to all areas in megaliters, and a breakdown of this total by the following types of destination, if applicable:
i. Surface water;
ii. Groundwater;
iii. Seawater;
iv. T hird-party water, and the volume of this total sent for use to other organizations, if applicable.
b. A breakdown of total water discharge to all areas in megaliters by the following categories:
i. F reshwater (≤1,000 mg/L Total Dissolved Solids);
ii. O ther water (>1,000 mg/L Total Dissolved Solids).
303-4 Water discharge –
c. T otal water discharge to all areas with water stress in megaliters, and a breakdown of this total by the following categories:
i. F reshwater (≤1,000 mg/L Total Dissolved Solids);
ii. O ther water (>1,000 mg/L Total Dissolved Solids).
d. P riority substances of concern for which discharges are treated, including:
i. h ow priority substances of concern were defined, and any international standard, authoritative list, or criteria used;
ii. t he approach for setting discharge limits for priority substances of concern;
iii. n umber of incidents of non-compliance with discharge limits.
e. A ny contextual information necessary to understand how the data have been compiled, such as any standards, methodologies, and assumptions used.
a. T otal water consumption from all areas in megaliters.
b. T otal water consumption from all areas with water stress in megaliters.
c. C hange in water storage in megaliters, if water storage has been identified as having a significant water-related impact.
303-5 Water consumption Water Resources
d. A ny contextual information necessary to understand how the data have been compiled, such as any standards, methodologies, and assumptions used,
including whether the information is calculated, estimated, modeled, or sourced from direct measurements, and the approach taken for this, such as the
use of any sector-specific factors.
304: Biodiversity 2016
a. F or each operational site owned, leased, managed in, or adjacent to, protected areas and areas of high biodiversity value outside protected areas, the
following information:
i. Geographic location;
ii. S ubsurface and underground land that may be owned, leased, or managed by the organization;
iii. P osition in relation to the protected area (in the area, adjacent to, or containing portions of the protected area) or the high biodiversity value area
Operational sites owned, leased, managed in, or
outside protected areas;
304-1 adjacent to, protected areas and areas of high N/A
iv. T ype of operation (office, manufacturing or production, or extractive);
biodiversity value outside protected areas
v. S ize of operational site in km2 (or another unit, if appropriate);
vi. B iodiversity value characterized by the attribute of the protected area or area of high biodiversity value outside the protected area (terrestrial, freshwater,
or maritime ecosystem);
vii. B iodiversity value characterized by listing of protected status (such as IUCN Protected Area Management Categories, Ramsar Convention, national
legislation).
[TABLE] 304: Biodiversity 2016

[PAGE 169]
Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix 168 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections 304-2 Significant impacts of activities, products, and services on biodiversity a. Nature of significant direct and indirect impacts on biodiversity with reference to one or more of the following: i. Construction or use of manufacturing plants, mines, and transport infrastructure; ii. Pollution (introduction of substances that do not naturally occur in the habitat from point and non-point sources); iii. Introduction of invasive species, pests, and pathogens; iv. Reduction of species; v. Habitat conversion; vi. Changes in ecological processes outside the natural range of variation (such as salinity or changes in groundwater level). b. Significant direct and indirect positive and negative impacts with reference to the following: i. Species affected; ii. Extent of areas impacted; iii. Duration of impacts; iv. Reversibility or irreversibility of the impacts. – 304-3 Habitats protected or restored a. Size and location of all habitat areas protected or restored, and whether the success of the restoration measure was or is approved by independent external professionals. b. Whether partnerships exist with third parties to protect or restore habitat areas distinct from where the organization has overseen and implemented restoration or protection measures. c. Status of each area based on its condition at the close of the reporting period. d. Standards, methodologies, and assumptions used. Biodiversity>Initiatives>Overseas 304-4 IUCN Red List species and national conservation list species with habitats in areas affected by operations a. Total number of IUCN Red List species and national conservation list species with habitats in areas affected by the operations of the organization, by level of extinction risk: i. Critically endangered ii. Endangered iii. Vulnerable iv. Near threatened v. Least concern N/A 305: Emissions 2016 305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions a. Gross direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent. b. Gases included in the calculation; whether CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, or all. c. Biogenic CO2 emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent. d. Base year for the calculation, if applicable, including: i. the rationale for choosing it; ii. emissions in the base year; iii. the context for any significant changes in emissions that triggered recalculations of base year emissions. e. Source of the emission factors and the global warming potential (GWP) rates used, or a reference to the GWP source. f. Consolidation approach for emissions; whether equity share, financial control, or operational control. g. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used. Climate Change 305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions a. Gross location-based energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent. b. If applicable, gross market-based energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent. c. If available, the gases included in the calculation; whether CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, or all. d. Base year for the calculation, if applicable, including: i. the rationale for choosing it; ii. emissions in the base year; iii. the context for any significant changes in emissions that triggered recalculations of base year emissions. e. Source of the emission factors and the global warming potential (GWP) rates used, or a reference to the GWP source. f. Consolidation approach for emissions; whether equity share, financial control, or operational control. g. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used. Climate Change

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the President CSR | GRI Content Index/
TCFD Content Index | SUBARU CORPORATION 168
Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
a. N ature of significant direct and indirect impacts on biodiversity with reference to one or more of the following:
i. C onstruction or use of manufacturing plants, mines, and transport infrastructure;
ii. P ollution (introduction of substances that do not naturally occur in the habitat from point and non-point sources);
iii. I ntroduction of invasive species, pests, and pathogens;
iv. R eduction of species;
Significant impacts of activities, products, and v. Habitat conversion;
304-2 –
services on biodiversity vi. C hanges in ecological processes outside the natural range of variation (such as salinity or changes in groundwater level).
b. S ignificant direct and indirect positive and negative impacts with reference to the following:
i. Species affected;
ii. E xtent of areas impacted;
iii. D uration of impacts;
iv. R eversibility or irreversibility of the impacts.
a. S ize and location of all habitat areas protected or restored, and whether the success of the restoration measure was or is approved by independent
external professionals.
b. W hether partnerships exist with third parties to protect or restore habitat areas distinct from where the organization has overseen and implemented
304-3 Habitats protected or restored Biodiversity>Initiatives>Overseas
restoration or protection measures.
c. S tatus of each area based on its condition at the close of the reporting period.
d. S tandards, methodologies, and assumptions used.
a. T otal number of IUCN Red List species and national conservation list species with habitats in areas affected by the operations of the organization, by
level of extinction risk:
IUCN Red List species and national conservation i. Critically endangered
304-4 list species with habitats in areas affected by ii. Endangered N/A
operations iii. Vulnerable
iv. Near threatened
v. Least concern
305: Emissions 2016
a. G ross direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent.
b. G ases included in the calculation; whether CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, or all.
c. Biogenic CO2 emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent.
d. B ase year for the calculation, if applicable, including:
i. t he rationale for choosing it;
305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions Climate Change
ii. e missions in the base year;
iii. t he context for any significant changes in emissions that triggered recalculations of base year emissions.
e. S ource of the emission factors and the global warming potential (GWP) rates used, or a reference to the GWP source.
f. C onsolidation approach for emissions; whether equity share, financial control, or operational control.
g. S tandards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used.
a. G ross location-based energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent.
b. I f applicable, gross market-based energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent.
c. I f available, the gases included in the calculation; whether CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, or all.
d. B ase year for the calculation, if applicable, including:
i. t he rationale for choosing it;
305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions Climate Change
ii. e missions in the base year;
iii. t he context for any significant changes in emissions that triggered recalculations of base year emissions.
e. S ource of the emission factors and the global warming potential (GWP) rates used, or a reference to the GWP source.
f. C onsolidation approach for emissions; whether equity share, financial control, or operational control.
g. S tandards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used.
[TABLE] 305: Emissions 2016

[PAGE 170]
Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix 169 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections 305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions a. Gross other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent. b. If available, the gases included in the calculation; whether CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, or all. c. Biogenic CO2 emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent. d. Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions categories and activities included in the calculation. e. Base year for the calculation, if applicable, including: i. the rationale for choosing it; ii. emissions in the base year; iii. the context for any significant changes in emissions that triggered recalculations of base year emissions. f. Source of the emission factors and the global warming potential (GWP) rates used, or a reference to the GWP source. g. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used. Climate Change 305-4 GHG emissions intensity a. GHG emissions intensity ratio for the organization. b. Organization-specific metric (the denominator) chosen to calculate the ratio. c. Types of GHG emissions included in the intensity ratio; whether direct (Scope 1), energy indirect (Scope 2), and/or other indirect (Scope 3). d. Gases included in the calculation; whether CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, or all. Climate Change 305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions a. GHG emissions reduced as a direct result of reduction initiatives, in metric tons of CO2 equivalent. b. Gases included in the calculation; whether CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, or all. c. Base year or baseline, including the rationale for choosing it. d. Scopes in which reductions took place; whether direct (Scope 1), energy indirect (Scope 2), and/or other indirect (Scope 3). e. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used. Climate Change 305-6 Emissions of ozone-depleting substances (ODS) a. Production, imports, and exports of ODS in metric tons of CFC-11 (trichlorofluoromethane) equivalent. b. Substances included in the calculation. c. Source of the emission factors used. d. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used. – 305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx), and other significant air emissions a. Significant air emissions, in kilograms or multiples, for each of the following: i. NOx ii. SOx iii. Persistent organic pollutants (POP) iv. Volatile organic compounds (VOC) v. Hazardous air pollutants (HAP) vi. Particulate matter (PM) vii. Other standard categories of air emissions identified in relevant regulations b. Source of the emission factors used. c. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used. Prevention of Pollution>Achievements and Initiatives 306: Effluents and Waste 2016 306-1 Water discharge by quality and destination a. Total volume of planned and unplanned water discharges by: i.destination; ii. quality of the water, including treatment method; iii. whether the water was reused by another organization. b. Standards, methodologies, and assumptions used. Water Resources

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the President CSR | GRI Content Index/
TCFD Content Index | SUBARU CORPORATION 169
Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
a. G ross other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent.
b. I f available, the gases included in the calculation; whether CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, or all.
c. Biogenic CO2 emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent.
d. O ther indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions categories and activities included in the calculation.
e. B ase year for the calculation, if applicable, including:
305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions Climate Change
i. t he rationale for choosing it;
ii. e missions in the base year;
iii. t he context for any significant changes in emissions that triggered recalculations of base year emissions.
f. S ource of the emission factors and the global warming potential (GWP) rates used, or a reference to the GWP source.
g. S tandards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used.
a. G HG emissions intensity ratio for the organization.
b. O rganization-specific metric (the denominator) chosen to calculate the ratio.
305-4 GHG emissions intensity Climate Change
c. T ypes of GHG emissions included in the intensity ratio; whether direct (Scope 1), energy indirect (Scope 2), and/or other indirect (Scope 3).
d. G ases included in the calculation; whether CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, or all.
a. G HG emissions reduced as a direct result of reduction initiatives, in metric tons of CO2 equivalent.
b. G ases included in the calculation; whether CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, or all.
305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions c. B ase year or baseline, including the rationale for choosing it. Climate Change
d. S copes in which reductions took place; whether direct (Scope 1), energy indirect (Scope 2), and/or other indirect (Scope 3).
e. S tandards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used.
a. P roduction, imports, and exports of ODS in metric tons of CFC-11 (trichlorofluoromethane) equivalent.
b. S ubstances included in the calculation.
305-6 Emissions of ozone-depleting substances (ODS) –
c. S ource of the emission factors used.
d. S tandards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used.
a. S ignificant air emissions, in kilograms or multiples, for each of the following:
i. NOx
ii. SOx
iii. P ersistent organic pollutants (POP)
Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx), and iv. V olatile organic compounds (VOC) Prevention of Pollution>Achievements
305-7
other significant air emissions v. H azardous air pollutants (HAP) and Initiatives
vi. P articulate matter (PM)
vii. O ther standard categories of air emissions identified in relevant regulations
b. S ource of the emission factors used.
c. S tandards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used.
306: Effluents and Waste 2016
a. T otal volume of planned and unplanned water discharges by: i.destination;
ii. q uality of the water, including treatment method;
306-1 Water discharge by quality and destination Water Resources
iii. w hether the water was reused by another organization.
b. S tandards, methodologies, and assumptions used.
[TABLE] 306: Effluents and Waste 2016

[PAGE 171]
Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix 170 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections 306-2 Waste by type and disposal method a. Total weight of hazardous waste, with a breakdown by the following disposal methods where applicable: i. Reuse ii. Recycling iii. Composting iv. Recovery, including energy recovery v. Incineration (mass burn) vi. Deep well injection vii. Landfill viii. On-site storage ix. Other (to be specified by the organization) b. Total weight of non-hazardous waste, with a breakdown by the following disposal methods where applicable: i. Reuse ii. Recycling iii. Composting iv. Recovery, including energy recovery v. Incineration (mass burn) vi. Deep well injection vii. Landfill viii. On-site storage ix. Other (to be specified by the organization) c. How the waste disposal method has been determined: i. Disposed of directly by the organization, or otherwise directly confirmed ii. Information provided by the waste disposal contractor iii. Organizational defaults of the waste disposal contractor Resource Recycling>Achievements and Initiatives>Production 306-3 Significant spills a. Total number and total volume of recorded significant spills. b. The following additional information for each spill that was reported in the organization’s financial statements: i. Location of spill; ii. Volume of spill; iii. Material of spill, categorized by: oil spills (soil or water surfaces), fuel spills (soil or water surfaces), spills of wastes (soil or water surfaces), spills of chemicals (mostly soil or water surfaces), and other (to be specified by the organization). c. Impacts of significant spills. Hazardous Waste 306-4 Transport of hazardous waste a. Total weight for each of the following: i. Hazardous waste transported ii. Hazardous waste imported iii. Hazardous waste exported iv. Hazardous waste treated b. Percentage of hazardous waste shipped internationally. c. Standards, methodologies, and assumptions used. Chemical Substances Regulated by Japan’s Pollutant Release and Transfer Register (PRTR) Act 306-5 Water bodies affected by water discharges and / or runoff a. Water bodies and related habitats that are significantly affected by water discharges and/or runoff, including information on: i. the size of the water body and related habitat; ii. whether the water body and related habitat is designated as a nationally or internationally protected area; iii. the biodiversity value, such as total number of protected species. Crisis-level Risks 307: Environmental Compliance 2016 307-1 Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations a. Significant fines and non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with environmental laws and/or regulations in terms of: i. total monetary value of significant fines; ii. total number of non-monetary sanctions; iii. cases brought through dispute resolution mechanisms. b. If the organization has not identified any non-compliance with environmental laws and/or regulations, a brief statement of this fact is sufficient. Prevention of Pollution>Achievements and Initiatives

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the President CSR | GRI Content Index/
TCFD Content Index | SUBARU CORPORATION 170
Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
a. T otal weight of hazardous waste, with a breakdown by the following disposal methods where applicable:
i. Reuse
ii. Recycling
iii. Composting
iv. R ecovery, including energy recovery
v. I ncineration (mass burn)
vi. D eep well injection
vii. Landfill
viii. On-site storage
ix. O ther (to be specified by the organization)
b. T otal weight of non-hazardous waste, with a breakdown by the following disposal methods where applicable:
i. Reuse Resource Recycling>Achievements and
306-2 Waste by type and disposal method
ii. Recycling Initiatives>Production
iii. Composting
iv. R ecovery, including energy recovery
v. I ncineration (mass burn)
vi. D eep well injection
vii. Landfill
viii. On-site storage
ix. O ther (to be specified by the organization)
c. H ow the waste disposal method has been determined:
i. D isposed of directly by the organization, or otherwise directly confirmed
ii. I nformation provided by the waste disposal contractor
iii. O rganizational defaults of the waste disposal contractor
a. T otal number and total volume of recorded significant spills.
b. T he following additional information for each spill that was reported in the organization’s financial statements:
i. L ocation of spill;
306-3 Significant spills ii. V olume of spill; Hazardous Waste
iii. M aterial of spill, categorized by: oil spills (soil or water surfaces), fuel spills (soil or water surfaces), spills of wastes (soil or water surfaces), spills of
chemicals (mostly soil or water surfaces), and other (to be specified by the organization).
c. I mpacts of significant spills.
a. T otal weight for each of the following:
i. H azardous waste transported
ii. H azardous waste imported Chemical Substances Regulated by
306-4 Transport of hazardous waste iii. H azardous waste exported Japan’s Pollutant Release and Transfer
iv. H azardous waste treated Register (PRTR) Act
b. P ercentage of hazardous waste shipped internationally.
c. S tandards, methodologies, and assumptions used.
a. W ater bodies and related habitats that are significantly affected by water discharges and/or runoff, including information on:
Water bodies affected by water discharges and / i. t he size of the water body and related habitat;
306-5 Crisis-level Risks
or runoff ii. w hether the water body and related habitat is designated as a nationally or internationally protected area;
iii. t he biodiversity value, such as total number of protected species.
307: Environmental Compliance 2016
a. S ignificant fines and non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with environmental laws and/or regulations in terms of:
i. t otal monetary value of significant fines;
Non-compliance with environmental laws and Prevention of Pollution>Achievements
307-1 ii. t otal number of non-monetary sanctions;
regulations and Initiatives
iii. c ases brought through dispute resolution mechanisms.
b. I f the organization has not identified any non-compliance with environmental laws and/or regulations, a brief statement of this fact is sufficient.
[TABLE] 307: Environmental Compliance 2016

[PAGE 172]
Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix 171 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections 308: Supplier Environmental Assessment 2016 308-1 New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria a. Percentage of new suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria. Green Procurement Guidelines 308-2 Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken a. Number of suppliers assessed for environmental impacts. b. Number of suppliers identified as having significant actual and potential negative environmental impacts. c. Significant actual and potential negative environmental impacts identified in the supply chain. d. Percentage of suppliers identified as having significant actual and potential negative environmental impacts with which improvements were agreed upon as a result of assessment. e. Percentage of suppliers identified as having significant actual and potential negative environmental impacts with which relationships were terminated as a result of assessment, and why. Management and Reduction of Environmentally Hazardous Substances Contained in Parts GRI 400: Social 401: Employment 2016 401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover a. Total number and rate of new employee hires during the reporting period, by age group, gender and region. b. Total number and rate of employee turnover during the reporting period, by age group, gender and region. Employee Data 401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time employees a. Benefits which are standard for full-time employees of the organization but are not provided to temporary or part-time employees, by significant locations of operation. These include, as a minimum: i. life insurance; ii. health care; iii. disability and invalidity coverage; iv. parental leave; v. retirement provision; vi. stock ownership; vii. others. b. The definition used for ‘significant locations of operation’. – 401-3 Parental leave a. Total number of employees that were entitled to parental leave, by gender. b. Total number of employees that took parental leave, by gender. c. Total number of employees that returned to work in the reporting period after parental leave ended, by gender. d. Total number of employees that returned to work after parental leave ended that were still employed 12 months after their return to work, by gender. e. Return to work and retention rates of employees that took parental leave, by gender. Childcare Leave System 402: Labor / Management Relations 2016 402-1 Minimum notice periods regarding operational changes a. Minimum number of weeks’ notice typically provided to employees and their representatives prior to the implementation of significant operational changes that could substantially affect them. b. For organizations with collective bargaining agreements, report whether the notice period and provisions for consultation and negotiation are specified in collective agreements. – 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2018 403-1 Occupational health and safety management system a. A statement of whether an occupational health and safety management system has been implemented, including whether: i. the system has been implemented because of legal requirements and, if so, a list of the requirements; ii. the system has been implemented based on recognized risk management and/or management system standards/guidelines and, if so, a list of the standards/guidelines. b. A description of the scope of workers, activities, and workplaces covered by the occupational health and safety management system, and an explanation of whether and, if so, why any workers, activities, or workplaces are not covered. Occupational Health and Safety>Our Approach/Management System

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the President CSR | GRI Content Index/
TCFD Content Index | SUBARU CORPORATION 171
Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
308: Supplier Environmental Assessment 2016
New suppliers that were screened using
308-1 a. P ercentage of new suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria. Green Procurement Guidelines
environmental criteria
a. N umber of suppliers assessed for environmental impacts.
b. N umber of suppliers identified as having significant actual and potential negative environmental impacts.
c. S ignificant actual and potential negative environmental impacts identified in the supply chain. Management and Reduction of
Negative environmental impacts in the supply
308-2 d. P ercentage of suppliers identified as having significant actual and potential negative environmental impacts with which improvements were agreed upon Environmentally Hazardous Substances
chain and actions taken
as a result of assessment. Contained in Parts
e. P ercentage of suppliers identified as having significant actual and potential negative environmental impacts with which relationships were terminated as
a result of assessment, and why.
GRI 400: Social
401: Employment 2016
a. T otal number and rate of new employee hires during the reporting period, by age group, gender and region.
401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover Employee Data
b. T otal number and rate of employee turnover during the reporting period, by age group, gender and region.
a. B enefits which are standard for full-time employees of the organization but are not provided to temporary or part-time employees, by significant
locations of operation. These include, as a minimum:
i. life insurance;
ii. health care;
Benefits provided to full-time employees that
iii. d isability and invalidity coverage;
401-2 are not provided to temporary or part-time –
iv. parental leave;
employees
v. retirement provision;
vi. stock ownership;
vii. others.
b. T he definition used for ‘significant locations of operation’.
a. T otal number of employees that were entitled to parental leave, by gender.
b. T otal number of employees that took parental leave, by gender.
401-3 Parental leave c. T otal number of employees that returned to work in the reporting period after parental leave ended, by gender. Childcare Leave System
d. T otal number of employees that returned to work after parental leave ended that were still employed 12 months after their return to work, by gender.
e. R eturn to work and retention rates of employees that took parental leave, by gender.
402: Labor / Management Relations 2016
a. M inimum number of weeks’ notice typically provided to employees and their representatives prior to the implementation of significant operational
Minimum notice periods regarding operational changes that could substantially affect them.
402-1 –
changes b. F or organizations with collective bargaining agreements, report whether the notice period and provisions for consultation and negotiation are specified
in collective agreements.
403: Occupational Health and Safety 2018
a. A statement of whether an occupational health and safety management system has been implemented, including whether:
i. t he system has been implemented because of legal requirements and, if so, a list of the requirements;
Occupational health and safety management ii. t he system has been implemented based on recognized risk management and/or management system standards/guidelines and, if so, a list of the Occupational Health and Safety>Our
403-1
system standards/guidelines. Approach/Management System
b. A description of the scope of workers, activities, and workplaces covered by the occupational health and safety management system, and an explanation
of whether and, if so, why any workers, activities, or workplaces are not covered.
[TABLE] Item Number | Reporting Requirements | Corresponding Sections
[TABLE] 308: Supplier Environmental Assessment 2016
[TABLE] GRI 400: Social
[TABLE] 401: Employment 2016
[TABLE] 402: Labor / Management Relations 2016
[TABLE] 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2018

[PAGE 173]
Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix 172 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections 403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation a. A description of the processes used to identify work-related hazards and assess risks on a routine and non-routine basis, and to apply the hierarchy of controls in order to eliminate hazards and minimize risks, including: i. how the organization ensures the quality of these processes, including the competency of persons who carry them out; ii. how the results of these processes are used to evaluate and continually improve the occupational health and safety management system. b. A description of the processes for workers to report work-related hazards and hazardous situations, and an explanation of how workers are protected against reprisals. c. A description of the policies and processes for workers to remove themselves from work situations that they believe could cause injury or ill health, and an explanation of how workers are protected against reprisals. d. A description of the processes used to investigate work-related incidents, including the processes to identify hazards and assess risks relating to the incidents, to determine corrective actions using the hierarchy of controls, and to determine improvements needed in the occupational health and safety management system. 403-3 Occupational health services a. A description of the occupational health services’ functions that contribute to the identification and elimination of hazards and minimization of risks, and an explanation of how the organization ensures the quality of these services and facilitates workers’ access to them. Occupational Health and Safety>Initiatives 403-4 Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational health and safety a. A description of the processes for worker participation and consultation in the development, implementation, and evaluation of the occupational health and safety management system, and for providing access to and communicating relevant information on occupational health and safety to workers. b. Where formal joint management–worker health and safety committees exist, a description of their responsibilities, meeting frequency, decision-making authority, and whether and, if so, why any workers are not represented by these committees. Labor-Management Communication Occupational Health and Safety>Management System 403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety a. A description of any occupational health and safety training provided to workers, including generic training as well as training on specific work-related hazards, hazardous activities, or hazardous situations. – 403-6 Promotion of worker health a. An explanation of how the organization facilitates workers’ access to non-occupational medical and healthcare services, and the scope of access provided. b. A description of any voluntary health promotion services and programs offered to workers to address major non-work-related health risks, including the specific health risks addressed, and how the organization facilitates workers’ access to these services and programs. Health Management>Initiatives 403-7 Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by business relationships a. A description of the organization’s approach to preventing or mitigating significant negative occupational health and safety impacts that are directly linked to its operations, products or services by its business relationships, and the related hazards and risks. 403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system a. If the organization has implemented an occupational health and safety management system based on legal requirements and/or recognized standards/ guidelines: i. the number and percentage of all employees and workers who are not employees but whose work and/or workplace is controlled by the organization, who are covered by such a system; ii. the number and percentage of all employees and workers who are not employees but whose work and/or workplace is controlled by the organization, who are covered by such a system that has been internally audited; iii. the number and percentage of all employees and workers who are not employees but whose work and/or workplace is controlled by the organization, who are covered by such a system that has been audited or certified by an external party. b. Whether and, if so, why any workers have been excluded from this disclosure, including the types of worker excluded. c. Any contextual information necessary to understand how the data have been compiled, such as any standards, methodologies, and assumptions used. Occupational Health and Safety>Management System

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the President CSR | GRI Content Index/
TCFD Content Index | SUBARU CORPORATION 172
Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
a. A description of the processes used to identify work-related hazards and assess risks on a routine and non-routine basis, and to apply the hierarchy of
controls in order to eliminate hazards and minimize risks, including:
i. h ow the organization ensures the quality of these processes, including the competency of persons who carry them out;
ii. h ow the results of these processes are used to evaluate and continually improve the occupational health and safety management system.
b. A description of the processes for workers to report work-related hazards and hazardous situations, and an explanation of how workers are protected
Hazard identification, risk assessment, and
403-2 against reprisals.
incident investigation
c. A description of the policies and processes for workers to remove themselves from work situations that they believe could cause injury or ill health, and
an explanation of how workers are protected against reprisals.
d. A description of the processes used to investigate work-related incidents, including the processes to identify hazards and assess risks relating to the
incidents, to determine corrective actions using the hierarchy of controls, and to determine improvements needed in the occupational health and safety
management system.
a. A description of the occupational health services’ functions that contribute to the identification and elimination of hazards and minimization of risks, and Occupational Health and
403-3 Occupational health services
an explanation of how the organization ensures the quality of these services and facilitates workers’ access to them. Safety>Initiatives
a. A description of the processes for worker participation and consultation in the development, implementation, and evaluation of the occupational health
Labor-Management Communication
Worker participation, consultation, and and safety management system, and for providing access to and communicating relevant information on occupational health and safety to workers.
403-4 Occupational Health and
communication on occupational health and safety b. W here formal joint management–worker health and safety committees exist, a description of their responsibilities, meeting frequency, decision-making
Safety>Management System
authority, and whether and, if so, why any workers are not represented by these committees.
a. A description of any occupational health and safety training provided to workers, including generic training as well as training on specific work-related
403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety –
hazards, hazardous activities, or hazardous situations.
a. A n explanation of how the organization facilitates workers’ access to non-occupational medical and healthcare services, and the scope of access
provided.
403-6 Promotion of worker health Health Management>Initiatives
b. A description of any voluntary health promotion services and programs offered to workers to address major non-work-related health risks, including the
specific health risks addressed, and how the organization facilitates workers’ access to these services and programs.
Prevention and mitigation of occupational health
a. A description of the organization’s approach to preventing or mitigating significant negative occupational health and safety impacts that are directly
403-7 and safety impacts directly linked by business
linked to its operations, products or services by its business relationships, and the related hazards and risks.
relationships
a. I f the organization has implemented an occupational health and safety management system based on legal requirements and/or recognized standards/
guidelines:
i. t he number and percentage of all employees and workers who are not employees but whose work and/or workplace is controlled by the organization,
who are covered by such a system;
Workers covered by an occupational health and ii. t he number and percentage of all employees and workers who are not employees but whose work and/or workplace is controlled by the organization, Occupational Health and
403-8
safety management system who are covered by such a system that has been internally audited; Safety>Management System
iii. t he number and percentage of all employees and workers who are not employees but whose work and/or workplace is controlled by the organization,
who are covered by such a system that has been audited or certified by an external party.
b. W hether and, if so, why any workers have been excluded from this disclosure, including the types of worker excluded.
c. A ny contextual information necessary to understand how the data have been compiled, such as any standards, methodologies, and assumptions used.

[PAGE 174]
Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix 173 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections 403-9 Work-related injuries a. For all employees: i. The number and rate of fatalities as a result of work-related injury; ii. The number and rate of high-consequence work-related injuries (excluding fatalities); iii. The number and rate of recordable work-related injuries; iv. The main types of work-related injury; v. The number of hours worked. b. For all workers who are not employees but whose work and/or workplace is controlled by the organization: i. The number and rate of fatalities as a result of work-related injury; ii. The number and rate of high-consequence work-related injuries (excluding fatalities); iii. The number and rate of recordable work-related injuries; iv. The main types of work-related injury; v. The number of hours worked. c. The work-related hazards that pose a risk of high-consequence injury, including: i. how these hazards have been determined; ii. which of these hazards have caused or contributed to high-consequence injuries during the reporting period; iii. actions taken or underway to eliminate these hazards and minimize risks using the hierarchy of controls. d. Any actions taken or underway to eliminate other work-related hazards and minimize risks using the hierarchy of controls. e. Whether the rates have been calculated based on 200,000 or 1,000,000 hours worked. f. Whether and, if so, why any workers have been excluded from this disclosure, including the types of worker excluded. g. Any contextual information necessary to understand how the data have been compiled, such as any standards, methodologies, and assumptions used. Occurrence of Work Related Accidents and Accident Frequency Rate 403-10 Work-related ill health a. For all employees: i. The number of fatalities as a result of work-related ill health; ii. The number of cases of recordable work-related ill health; iii. The main types of work-related ill health. b. For all workers who are not employees but whose work and/or workplace is controlled by the organization: i. The number of fatalities as a result of work-related ill health; ii. The number of cases of recordable work-related ill health; iii. The main types of work-related ill health. c. The work-related hazards that pose a risk of ill health, including: i. how these hazards have been determined; ii. which of these hazards have caused or contributed to cases of ill health during the reporting period; iii. actions taken or underway to eliminate these hazards and minimize risks using the hierarchy of controls. d. Whether and, if so, why any workers have been excluded from this disclosure, including the types of worker excluded. e. Any contextual information necessary to understand how the data have been compiled, such as any standards, methodologies, and assumptions used. – 404:Training and Education 2016 404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee a. Average hours of training that the organization’s employees have undertaken during the reporting period, by: i. gender; ii. employee category. – 404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs a. Type and scope of programs implemented and assistance provided to upgrade employee skills. b. Transition assistance programs provided to facilitate continued employability and the management of career endings resulting from retirement or termination of employment. Training Programs 404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews a. Percentage of total employees by gender and by employee category who received a regular performance and career development review during the reporting period. Regular Reviews and Career Development

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the President CSR | GRI Content Index/
TCFD Content Index | SUBARU CORPORATION 173
Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
a. F or all employees:
i. T he number and rate of fatalities as a result of work-related injury;
ii. T he number and rate of high-consequence work-related injuries (excluding fatalities);
iii. T he number and rate of recordable work-related injuries;
iv. T he main types of work-related injury;
v. T he number of hours worked.
b. F or all workers who are not employees but whose work and/or workplace is controlled by the organization:
i. T he number and rate of fatalities as a result of work-related injury;
ii. T he number and rate of high-consequence work-related injuries (excluding fatalities);
iii. T he number and rate of recordable work-related injuries; Occurrence of Work Related Accidents
403-9 Work-related injuries
iv. T he main types of work-related injury; and Accident Frequency Rate
v. T he number of hours worked.
c. T he work-related hazards that pose a risk of high-consequence injury, including:
i. h ow these hazards have been determined;
ii. w hich of these hazards have caused or contributed to high-consequence injuries during the reporting period;
iii. a ctions taken or underway to eliminate these hazards and minimize risks using the hierarchy of controls.
d. A ny actions taken or underway to eliminate other work-related hazards and minimize risks using the hierarchy of controls.
e. W hether the rates have been calculated based on 200,000 or 1,000,000 hours worked.
f. W hether and, if so, why any workers have been excluded from this disclosure, including the types of worker excluded.
g. A ny contextual information necessary to understand how the data have been compiled, such as any standards, methodologies, and assumptions used.
a. F or all employees:
i. T he number of fatalities as a result of work-related ill health;
ii. T he number of cases of recordable work-related ill health;
iii. T he main types of work-related ill health.
b. F or all workers who are not employees but whose work and/or workplace is controlled by the organization:
i. T he number of fatalities as a result of work-related ill health;
ii. T he number of cases of recordable work-related ill health;
403-10 Work-related ill health –
iii. T he main types of work-related ill health.
c. T he work-related hazards that pose a risk of ill health, including:
i. h ow these hazards have been determined;
ii. w hich of these hazards have caused or contributed to cases of ill health during the reporting period;
iii. a ctions taken or underway to eliminate these hazards and minimize risks using the hierarchy of controls.
d. W hether and, if so, why any workers have been excluded from this disclosure, including the types of worker excluded.
e. A ny contextual information necessary to understand how the data have been compiled, such as any standards, methodologies, and assumptions used.
404:Training and Education 2016
a. A verage hours of training that the organization’s employees have undertaken during the reporting period, by:
404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee i. gender; –
ii. employee category.
a. T ype and scope of programs implemented and assistance provided to upgrade employee skills.
Programs for upgrading employee skills and
404-2 b. T ransition assistance programs provided to facilitate continued employability and the management of career endings resulting from retirement or Training Programs
transition assistance programs
termination of employment.
Percentage of employees receiving regular a. P ercentage of total employees by gender and by employee category who received a regular performance and career development review during the Regular Reviews and Career
404-3
performance and career development reviews reporting period. Development
[TABLE] 404:Training and Education 2016

[PAGE 175]
Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix 174 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016 405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees a. Percentage of individuals within the organization’s governance bodies in each of the following diversity categories: i. Gender; ii. Age group: under 30 years old, 30-50 years old, over 50 years old; iii. Other indicators of diversity where relevant (such as minority or vulnerable groups). b. Percentage of employees per employee category in each of the following diversity categories: i. Gender; ii. Age group: under 30 years old, 30-50 years old, over 50 years old; iii. Other indicators of diversity where relevant (such as minority or vulnerable groups). Directors, Auditors, and Executive Officers Employee Data 405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men a. Ratio of the basic salary and remuneration of women to men for each employee category, by significant locations of operation. b. The definition used for ‘significant locations of operation’. Training and Education 406: Non-discrimination 2016 406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken a. Total number of incidents of discrimination during the reporting period. b. Status of the incidents and actions taken with reference to the following: i. Incident reviewed by the organization; ii. Remediation plans being implemented; iii. Remediation plans that have been implemented, with results reviewed through routine internal management review processes; iv. Incident no longer subject to action. – 407: Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining 2016 407-1 Operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom of association and collective bargaining may be at risk a. Operations and suppliers in which workers’ rights to exercise freedom of association or collective bargaining may be violated or at significant risk either in terms of: i. type of operation (such as manufacturing plant) and supplier; ii. countries or geographic areas with operations and suppliers considered at risk. b. Measures taken by the organization in the reporting period intended to support rights to exercise freedom of association and collective bargaining. – 408: Child Labor 2016 408-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of child labor a. Operations and suppliers considered to have significant risk for incidents of: i. child labor; ii. young workers exposed to hazardous work. b. Operations and suppliers considered to have significant risk for incidents of child labor either in terms of: i. type of operation (such as manufacturing plant) and supplier; ii. countries or geographic areas with operations and suppliers considered at risk. c. Measures taken by the organization in the reporting period intended to contribute to the effective abolition of child labor. N/A 409: Forced or Compulsory Labor 2016 409-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of forced or compulsory labor a. Operations and suppliers considered to have significant risk for incidents of forced or compulsory labor either in terms of: i. type of operation (such as manufacturing plant) and supplier; ii. countries or geographic areas with operations and suppliers considered at risk. b. Measures taken by the organization in the reporting period intended to contribute to the elimination of all forms of forced or compulsory labor. N/A 410: Security Practices 2016 410-1 Security personnel trained in human rights policies or procedures a. Percentage of security personnel who have received formal training in the organization’s human rights policies or specific procedures and their application to security. b. Whether training requirements also apply to third-party organizations providing security personnel. –

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the President CSR | GRI Content Index/
TCFD Content Index | SUBARU CORPORATION 174
Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016
a. P ercentage of individuals within the organization’s governance bodies in each of the following diversity categories:
i. Gender;
ii. A ge group: under 30 years old, 30-50 years old, over 50 years old;
Directors, Auditors, and Executive
iii. O ther indicators of diversity where relevant (such as minority or vulnerable groups).
405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees Officers
b. P ercentage of employees per employee category in each of the following diversity categories:
Employee Data
i. Gender;
ii. A ge group: under 30 years old, 30-50 years old, over 50 years old;
iii. O ther indicators of diversity where relevant (such as minority or vulnerable groups).
Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women a. R atio of the basic salary and remuneration of women to men for each employee category, by significant locations of operation.
405-2 Training and Education
to men b. T he definition used for ‘significant locations of operation’.
406: Non-discrimination 2016
a. T otal number of incidents of discrimination during the reporting period.
b. S tatus of the incidents and actions taken with reference to the following:
Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions i. I ncident reviewed by the organization;
406-1 –
taken ii. R emediation plans being implemented;
iii. R emediation plans that have been implemented, with results reviewed through routine internal management review processes;
iv. I ncident no longer subject to action.
407: Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining 2016
a. O perations and suppliers in which workers’ rights to exercise freedom of association or collective bargaining may be violated or at significant risk either
Operations and suppliers in which the right to in terms of:
407-1 freedom of association and collective bargaining i. t ype of operation (such as manufacturing plant) and supplier; –
may be at risk ii. c ountries or geographic areas with operations and suppliers considered at risk.
b. M easures taken by the organization in the reporting period intended to support rights to exercise freedom of association and collective bargaining.
408: Child Labor 2016
a. O perations and suppliers considered to have significant risk for incidents of:
i. child labor;
ii. y oung workers exposed to hazardous work.
Operations and suppliers at significant risk for
408-1 b. O perations and suppliers considered to have significant risk for incidents of child labor either in terms of: N/A
incidents of child labor
i. t ype of operation (such as manufacturing plant) and supplier;
ii. c ountries or geographic areas with operations and suppliers considered at risk.
c. M easures taken by the organization in the reporting period intended to contribute to the effective abolition of child labor.
409: Forced or Compulsory Labor 2016
a. O perations and suppliers considered to have significant risk for incidents of forced or compulsory labor either in terms of:
Operations and suppliers at significant risk for i. t ype of operation (such as manufacturing plant) and supplier;
409-1 N/A
incidents of forced or compulsory labor ii. c ountries or geographic areas with operations and suppliers considered at risk.
b. M easures taken by the organization in the reporting period intended to contribute to the elimination of all forms of forced or compulsory labor.
410: Security Practices 2016
a. P ercentage of security personnel who have received formal training in the organization’s human rights policies or specific procedures and their
Security personnel trained in human rights policies
410-1 application to security. –
or procedures
b. W hether training requirements also apply to third-party organizations providing security personnel.
[TABLE] Item Number | Reporting Requirements | Corresponding Sections
[TABLE] 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016
[TABLE] 406: Non-discrimination 2016
[TABLE] 407: Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining 2016
[TABLE] 408: Child Labor 2016
[TABLE] 409: Forced or Compulsory Labor 2016
[TABLE] 410: Security Practices 2016

[PAGE 176]
Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix 175 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections 411: Rights of Indigenous Peoples 2016 411-1 Incidents of violations involving rights of indigenous peoples a. Total number of identified incidents of violations involving the rights of indigenous peoples during the reporting period. b. Status of the incidents and actions taken with reference to the following: i. Incident reviewed by the organization; ii. Remediation plans being implemented; iii. Remediation plans that have been implemented, with results reviewed through routine internal management review processes; iv. Incident no longer subject to action. N/A 412: Human Rights Assessment 2016 412-1 Operations that have been subject to human rights reviews or impact assessments a. Total number and percentage of operations that have been subject to human rights reviews or human rights impact assessments, by country. – 412-2 Employee training on human rights policies or procedures a. Total number of hours in the reporting period devoted to training on human rights policies or procedures concerning aspects of human rights that are relevant to operations. b. Percentage of employees trained during the reporting period in human rights policies or procedures concerning aspects of human rights that are relevant to operations. Respect for Human Rights>Management System 412-3 Significant investment agreements and contracts that include human rights clauses or that underwent human rights screening a. Total number and percentage of significant investment agreements and contracts that include human rights clauses or that underwent human rights screening. b. The definition used for ‘significant investment agreements’. – 413: Local Communities 2016 413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programs a. Percentage of operations with implemented local community engagement, impact assessments, and/or development programs, including the use of: i. social impact assessments, including gender impact assessments, based on participatory processes; ii. environmental impact assessments and ongoing monitoring; iii. public disclosure of results of environmental and social impact assessments; iv. local community development programs based on local communities’ needs; v. stakeholder engagement plans based on stakeholder mapping; vi. broad based local community consultation committees and processes that include vulnerable groups; vii. works councils, occupational health and safety committees and other worker representation bodies to deal with impacts; viii. formal local community grievance processes. – 413-2 Operations with significant actual and potential negative impacts on local communities a. Operations with significant actual and potential negative impacts on local communities, including: i. the location of the operations; ii. the significant actual and potential negative impacts of operations. – 414: Supplier Social Assessment 2016 414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria a. Percentage of new suppliers that were screened using social criteria. SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines 414-2 Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken a. Number of suppliers assessed for social impacts. b. Number of suppliers identified as having significant actual and potential negative social impacts. c. Significant actual and potential negative social impacts identified in the supply chain. d. Percentage of suppliers identified as having significant actual and potential negative social impacts with which improvements were agreed upon as a result of assessment. e. Percentage of suppliers identified as having significant actual and potential negative social impacts with which relationships were terminated as a result of assessment, and why. 415: Public Policy 2016 415-1 Political contributions a. Total monetary value of financial and in-kind political contributions made directly and indirectly by the organization by country and recipient/beneficiary. b. If applicable, how the monetary value of in-kind contributions was estimated. –

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the President CSR | GRI Content Index/
TCFD Content Index | SUBARU CORPORATION 175
Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
411: Rights of Indigenous Peoples 2016
a. T otal number of identified incidents of violations involving the rights of indigenous peoples during the reporting period.
b. S tatus of the incidents and actions taken with reference to the following:
Incidents of violations involving rights of i. I ncident reviewed by the organization;
411-1 N/A
indigenous peoples ii. R emediation plans being implemented;
iii. R emediation plans that have been implemented, with results reviewed through routine internal management review processes;
iv. I ncident no longer subject to action.
412: Human Rights Assessment 2016
Operations that have been subject to human
412-1 a. T otal number and percentage of operations that have been subject to human rights reviews or human rights impact assessments, by country. –
rights reviews or impact assessments
a. T otal number of hours in the reporting period devoted to training on human rights policies or procedures concerning aspects of human rights that are
Employee training on human rights policies or relevant to operations. Respect for Human
412-2
procedures b. P ercentage of employees trained during the reporting period in human rights policies or procedures concerning aspects of human rights that are Rights>Management System
relevant to operations.
Significant investment agreements and a. T otal number and percentage of significant investment agreements and contracts that include human rights clauses or that underwent human rights
412-3 contracts that include human rights clauses or screening. –
that underwent human rights screening b. T he definition used for ‘significant investment agreements’.
413: Local Communities 2016
a. P ercentage of operations with implemented local community engagement, impact assessments, and/or development programs, including the use of:
i. s ocial impact assessments, including gender impact assessments, based on participatory processes;
ii. e nvironmental impact assessments and ongoing monitoring;
iii. p ublic disclosure of results of environmental and social impact assessments;
Operations with local community engagement,
413-1 iv. l ocal community development programs based on local communities’ needs; –
impact assessments, and development programs
v. s takeholder engagement plans based on stakeholder mapping;
vi. b road based local community consultation committees and processes that include vulnerable groups;
vii. w orks councils, occupational health and safety committees and other worker representation bodies to deal with impacts;
viii. f ormal local community grievance processes.
a. O perations with significant actual and potential negative impacts on local communities, including:
Operations with significant actual and potential
413-2 i. t he location of the operations; –
negative impacts on local communities
ii. t he significant actual and potential negative impacts of operations.
414: Supplier Social Assessment 2016
New suppliers that were screened using social
414-1 a. P ercentage of new suppliers that were screened using social criteria. SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines
criteria
a. N umber of suppliers assessed for social impacts.
b. N umber of suppliers identified as having significant actual and potential negative social impacts.
c. S ignificant actual and potential negative social impacts identified in the supply chain.
Negative social impacts in the supply chain and
414-2 d. P ercentage of suppliers identified as having significant actual and potential negative social impacts with which improvements were agreed upon as a
actions taken
result of assessment.
e. P ercentage of suppliers identified as having significant actual and potential negative social impacts with which relationships were terminated as a result
of assessment, and why.
415: Public Policy 2016
a. T otal monetary value of financial and in-kind political contributions made directly and indirectly by the organization by country and recipient/beneficiary.
415-1 Political contributions –
b. I f applicable, how the monetary value of in-kind contributions was estimated.
[TABLE] Item Number | Reporting Requirements | Corresponding Sections
[TABLE] 411: Rights of Indigenous Peoples 2016
[TABLE] 412: Human Rights Assessment 2016
[TABLE] 413: Local Communities 2016
[TABLE] 414: Supplier Social Assessment 2016
[TABLE] 415: Public Policy 2016

[PAGE 177]
Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix 176 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections 416: Customer Health and Safety 2016 416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categories a. Percentage of significant product and service categories for which health and safety impacts are assessed for improvement. Making Safe Vehicles>Initiatives 416-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts of products and services a. Total number of incidents of non-compliance with regulations and/or voluntary codes concerning the health and safety impacts of products and services within the reporting period, by: i. incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a fine or penalty; ii. incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a warning; iii. incidents of non-compliance with voluntary codes. b. If the organization has not identified any non-compliance with regulations and/or voluntary codes, a brief statement of this fact is sufficient. N/A 417: Marketing and Labeling 2016 417-1 Requirements for product and service information and labeling a. Whether each of the following types of information is required by the organization’s procedures for product and service information and labeling: i. The sourcing of components of the product or service; ii. Content, particularly with regard to substances that might produce an environmental or social impact; iii. Safe use of the product or service; iv. Disposal of the product and environmental or social impacts; v. Other (explain). b. Percentage of significant product or service categories covered by and assessed for compliance with such procedures. – 417-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning product and service information and labeling a. Total number of incidents of non-compliance with regulations and/or voluntary codes concerning product and service information and labeling, by: i. incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a fine or penalty; ii. incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a warning; iii. incidents of non-compliance with voluntary codes. b. If the organization has not identified any non-compliance with regulations and/or voluntary codes, a brief statement of this fact is sufficient. Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business 417-3 Incidents of non-compliance concerning marketing communications a. Total number of incidents of non-compliance with regulations and/or voluntary codes concerning marketing communications, including advertising, promotion, and sponsorship, by: i. incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a fine or penalty; ii. incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a warning; iii. incidents of non-compliance with voluntary codes. b. If the organization has not identified any non-compliance with regulations and/or voluntary codes, a brief statement of this fact is sufficient. N/A 418: Customer Privacy 2016 418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data a. Total number of substantiated complaints received concerning breaches of customer privacy, categorized by: i. complaints received from outside parties and substantiated by the organization; ii. complaints from regulatory bodies. b. Total number of identified leaks, thefts, or losses of customer data. c. If the organization has not identified any substantiated complaints, a brief statement of this fact is sufficient. N/A 419: Socioeconomic Compliance 2016 419-1 Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and economic area a. Significant fines and non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with laws and/or regulations in the social and economic area in terms of: i. total monetary value of significant fines; ii. total number of non-monetary sanctions; iii. cases brought through dispute resolution mechanisms. b. If the organization has not identified any non-compliance with laws and/or regulations, a brief statement of this fact is sufficient. c. The context against which significant fines and non-monetary sanctions were incurred. N/A

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the President CSR | GRI Content Index/
TCFD Content Index | SUBARU CORPORATION 176
Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
416: Customer Health and Safety 2016
Assessment of the health and safety impacts of
416-1 a. P ercentage of significant product and service categories for which health and safety impacts are assessed for improvement. Making Safe Vehicles>Initiatives
product and service categories
a. T otal number of incidents of non-compliance with regulations and/or voluntary codes concerning the health and safety impacts of products and services
within the reporting period, by:
Incidents of non-compliance concerning the i. i ncidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a fine or penalty;
416-2 N/A
health and safety impacts of products and services ii. i ncidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a warning;
iii. i ncidents of non-compliance with voluntary codes.
b. I f the organization has not identified any non-compliance with regulations and/or voluntary codes, a brief statement of this fact is sufficient.
417: Marketing and Labeling 2016
a. W hether each of the following types of information is required by the organization’s procedures for product and service information and labeling:
i. T he sourcing of components of the product or service;
ii. C ontent, particularly with regard to substances that might produce an environmental or social impact;
Requirements for product and service
417-1 iii. S afe use of the product or service; –
information and labeling
iv. D isposal of the product and environmental or social impacts;
v. Other (explain).
b. P ercentage of significant product or service categories covered by and assessed for compliance with such procedures.
a. T otal number of incidents of non-compliance with regulations and/or voluntary codes concerning product and service information and labeling, by:
i. i ncidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a fine or penalty;
Incidents of non-compliance concerning product Quality: Automotive Business
417-2 ii. i ncidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a warning;
and service information and labeling Quality: Aerospace Business
iii. i ncidents of non-compliance with voluntary codes.
b. I f the organization has not identified any non-compliance with regulations and/or voluntary codes, a brief statement of this fact is sufficient.
a. T otal number of incidents of non-compliance with regulations and/or voluntary codes concerning marketing communications, including advertising,
promotion, and sponsorship, by:
Incidents of non-compliance concerning i. i ncidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a fine or penalty;
417-3 N/A
marketing communications ii. i ncidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a warning;
iii. i ncidents of non-compliance with voluntary codes.
b. I f the organization has not identified any non-compliance with regulations and/or voluntary codes, a brief statement of this fact is sufficient.
418: Customer Privacy 2016
a. T otal number of substantiated complaints received concerning breaches of customer privacy, categorized by:
i. c omplaints received from outside parties and substantiated by the organization;
Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of
418-1 ii. c omplaints from regulatory bodies. N/A
customer privacy and losses of customer data
b. T otal number of identified leaks, thefts, or losses of customer data.
c. I f the organization has not identified any substantiated complaints, a brief statement of this fact is sufficient.
419: Socioeconomic Compliance 2016
a. S ignificant fines and non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with laws and/or regulations in the social and economic area in terms of:
i. t otal monetary value of significant fines;
Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the ii. t otal number of non-monetary sanctions;
419-1 N/A
social and economic area iii. c ases brought through dispute resolution mechanisms.
b. I f the organization has not identified any non-compliance with laws and/or regulations, a brief statement of this fact is sufficient.
c. T he context against which significant fines and non-monetary sanctions were incurred.
[TABLE] Item Number | Reporting Requirements | Corresponding Sections
[TABLE] 416: Customer Health and Safety 2016
[TABLE] 417: Marketing and Labeling 2016
[TABLE] 418: Customer Privacy 2016
[TABLE] 419: Socioeconomic Compliance 2016

[PAGE 178]
Contents Message from the President Environment Social Governance Appendix 177 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Report 2021 The Subaru Group’s CSR GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index TCFD Content Index The table below compares the disclosure recommended by the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Information Disclosure (TCFD) with SUBARU’s Sustainability Report 2021, and presents relevant responses to CDP Climate Change 2021. Governance Strategy Risk Management Metrics and Targets TCFD Disclosure Recommendations Relevant Articles Sustainability Report 2021 CDP2021 a) The Board’s oversight of climate- related risks and opportunities. Environmentally Friendly Automobiles > Management System Climate Change > Management System CDP C1.1, C1.1a, C1.1b b) Management’s role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities. Environmentally Friendly Automobiles > Management System Climate Change > Management System CDP C1.2, C1.2a TCFD Disclosure Recommendations Relevant Articles Sustainability Report 2021 CDP2021 a) Climate-related risks and opportunities the organization has identified over the short, medium, and long term. Environmentally Friendly Automobiles > Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long- term Visions and Milestones) > Initiatives Climate Change > Risks and Opportunities Identified CDP C2.1a, C2.3, C2.3a, C2.4, C2.4a b) Impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization’s businesses and strategy. Environmental Management > Targets and Results Environmentally Friendly Automobiles > Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long- term Visions and Milestones), Initiatives Climate Change > Risks and Opportunities Identified CDP C2.3a, C2.4a, C3.1, C3.1a, C3.2a, C3.3, C3.4 c) Resilience of the organization’s strategy, taking into consideration different climate-related scenarios, including a 2°C or lower scenario. Environmentally Friendly Automobiles > Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long- term Visions and Milestones), Initiatives Climate Change > Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term Visions and Milestones) CDP C3.2, C3.2a TCFD Disclosure Recommendations Relevant Articles Sustainability Report 2021 CDP2021 a) Describe the organization’s processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks. Risk Management > Management System, Risks Associated with Business Activities Climate Change > Risks and Opportunities Identified, Management System CDP C2.1, C2.2, C2.2a b) Describe the organization’s processes for managing climate- related risks. Climate Change > Management System Risk Management > Management System CDP C2.1, C2.2 c) Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing climate-related risks are integrated into the organization’s overall risk management. Climate Change > Risks and Opportunities Identified Water Resources > Water Management Risk Management > Our Approach, Management System, Risks Associated with Business Activities, Risk Management Initiatives, Crisis-level Risks CDP C1.2a, C2.1, C2.2, C2.3a TCFD Disclosure Recommendations Relevant Articles Sustainability Report 2021 CDP2021 a) Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate- related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management process. Environmental Management > Targets and Results, Subaru Group Material Flow Environmentally Friendly Automobiles > Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long- term Visions and Milestones), Life Cycle Assessment Climate Change > Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term Visions and Milestones), Achievements CDP C4.2, C9.1 b) Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and the related risks. Environmental Management > Targets and Results, Subaru Group Material Flow Environmentally Friendly Automobiles > Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long- term Visions and Milestones), Life Cycle Assessment Climate Change > Risks and Opportunities Identified, Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term Visions and Milestones), Achievements CDP C6.1, C6.3, C6.5 c) Describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate- related risks and opportunities and performance against targets. Environmental Management > Targets and Results, Subaru Group Material Flow Environmentally Friendly Automobiles > Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long- term Visions and Milestones), Life Cycle Assessment Climate Change > Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term Visions and Milestones), Achievements CDP C4.1, C4.1a, C4.1b, C4.2

[TABLE] Message The Subaru Group’s
Contents Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the President CSR | GRI Content Index/
TCFD Content Index | SUBARU CORPORATION 177
Sustainability Report 2021
[TABLE] TCFD Content Index
The table below compares the disclosure recommended by the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Information Disclosure (TCFD)
with SUBARU’s Sustainability Report 2021, and presents relevant responses to CDP Climate Change 2021.
Governance Risk Management
TCFD Disclosure Relevant Articles TCFD Disclosure Relevant Articles
Recommendations Sustainability Report 2021 CDP2021 Recommendations Sustainability Report 2021 CDP2021
a) T he Board’s oversight of climate- Environmentally Friendly Automobiles > Management System CDP C 1.1, C1.1a, a) Describe the organization’s Risk Management > Management System, Risks Associated with Business
related risks and opportunities. Climate Change > Management System C1.1b processes for identifying and Activities CDP C C 2 2 . . 1 2 , a C2.2,
assessing climate-related risks. Climate Change > Risks and Opportunities Identified, Management System
b) M anagement’s role in assessing and Environmentally Friendly Automobiles > Management System
m op a p n o a r g t i u n n g it c ie li s m . ate-related risks and Climate Change > Management System CDP C 1.2, C1.2a b) p D r e o s c c e ri s b s e e s t h fo e r o m rg a a n n a i g za in t g io n cl ’ i s m ate- Climate Change > Management System CDP C2.1, C2.2
related risks. Risk Management > Management System
c) Describe how processes for Climate Change > Risks and Opportunities Identified
Strategy identifying, assessing, and managing Water Resources > Water Management CDP C1.2a, C2.1,
climate-related risks are integrated
into the organization’s overall risk Risk Management > Our Approach, Management System, Risks Associated C2.2, C2.3a
TCFD Disclosure Relevant Articles management. with Business Activities, Risk Management Initiatives, Crisis-level Risks
Recommendations Sustainability Report 2021 CDP2021
a) Climate-related risks and Environmentally Friendly Automobiles > Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long- CDP C2.1a, C2.3,
opportunities the organization has term Visions and Milestones) > Initiatives C2.3a, C2.4, Metrics and Targets
identified over the short, medium,
and long term. Climate Change > Risks and Opportunities Identified C2.4a
TCFD Disclosure Relevant Articles
b) I mpact of climate-related risks and Environmental Management > Targets and Results CDP C2.3a, C2.4a, Recommendations Sustainability Report 2021 CDP2021
Environmentally Friendly Automobiles > Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long- C3.1, C3.1a,
opportunities on the organization’s
businesses and strategy. term Visions and Milestones), Initiatives C3.2a, C3.3, a) D isclose the metrics used by the Environmental Management > Targets and Results, Subaru Group Material Flow
Climate Change > Risks and Opportunities Identified C3.4 organization to assess climate- Environmentally Friendly Automobiles > Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-
related risks and opportunities term Visions and Milestones), Life Cycle Assessment CDP C4.2, C9.1
c) R esilience of the organization’s Environmentally Friendly Automobiles > Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long- in line with its strategy and risk Climate Change > Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term Visions and
strategy, taking into consideration term Visions and Milestones), Initiatives CDP C3.2, C3.2a management process. Milestones), Achievements
different climate-related scenarios, Climate Change > Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term Visions and
including a 2°C or lower scenario. Milestones) Environmental Management > Targets and Results, Subaru Group Material Flow
b) D isclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if
Environmentally Friendly Automobiles > Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-
appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse CDP C6.1, C6.3,
term Visions and Milestones), Life Cycle Assessment
gas (GHG) emissions, and the C6.5
related risks. Climate Change > Risks and Opportunities Identified, Medium- to Long-term
Goals (Long-term Visions and Milestones), Achievements
Environmental Management > Targets and Results, Subaru Group Material Flow
c) D escribe the targets used by the
Environmentally Friendly Automobiles > Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-
organization to manage climate- CDP C4.1, C4.1a,
term Visions and Milestones), Life Cycle Assessment
related risks and opportunities and C4.1b, C4.2
performance against targets. Climate Change > Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term Visions and
Milestones), Achievements
[TABLE] Relevant Articles
[TABLE] Sustainability Report 2021 | CDP2021
[TABLE] Relevant Articles
[TABLE] Sustainability Report 2021 | CDP2021
[TABLE] Relevant Articles
[TABLE] Sustainability Report 2021 | CDP2021
[TABLE] Relevant Articles
[TABLE] Sustainability Report 2021 | CDP2021