[PAGE 1]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Contents Contents 3 Message on Sustainability from the CEO 6 The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability 7 SUBARU’s Vision/policy About the SUBARU Group’s Sustainability CSR Promotion System Stakeholder Engagement SUBARU Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR  TOPICS of the SUBARU Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR 36 Environment Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution  FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Sustainability Website 2022 1 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] CCoonntteennttss | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
from the CEO Sustainability Environment Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022

[PAGE 2]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Contents 103 Social Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement 172 Governance Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management 208 Appendix Corporate Overview Third-party Evaluations Editorial Policy 217 GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index GRI Content Index TCFD Content Index 162 2 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] CCoonntteennttss | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
from the CEO Sustainability Environment Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022

[PAGE 3]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Message on Sustainability from the CEO Seek ing t o a c h i ev e o u r v i s i on while flexibly respondin g to change s i n th e b u s i n e s s environment and social issues Steadfast pursuit of business activities even amid times of future uncertainty In FYE March 2022, the global economy showed an overall recovery trend, if varied from region to region, mainly due to progress in vaccination against COVID-19. At the same time, the outlook remains uncertain due to the resurgence of infections from mutated strains of the virus, disruption of logistics from the resumption of economic activities, the deteriorating situation between Russia and Ukraine, and other factors. Furthermore, shortages of procured parts, particularly semiconductors, continue to have a significant impact on the automotive industry. In order to allow the SUBARU Group to respond flexibly to rapid changes in society and industry and to provide stakeholders with the value of “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind,” in FYE March 2022 we continued to take preventive action against COVID-19 and the spread of the virus. Meanwhile, we focused on improvement initiatives in procurement, working to achieve flexible operational planning and execution and high efficiency in sales operations in the course of doing business. In the market environment of late, we have received many back orders due to strong demand for SUBARU vehicles, especially in our most key market of North America. To meet these customers’ expectations, we will be steadfast in advancing reforms to achieve SUBARU’s growth, produce and sell as many vehicles as possible, and communicate these results to our stakeholders. Contributing to a sustainable society through the promotion of CSR With regard to the three priority items of the mid-term management vision “STEP”—corporate culture reforms, quality enhancement, and evolution of SUBARU-ness—we are working as a unified Group under the slogan of “change mindset, change behavior, change the company.” Furthermore, in order to fulfill corporate social responsibilities by contributing to diversifying social needs, which is one element of our Vision for 2025 in ”STEP,” we at the SUBARU Group have established the Six Priority Areas for CSR and have been focusing on initiatives leveraging our business strengths to find solutions to social problems. In each of these initiatives, we are steadfastly marching forward in a way that embodies SUBARU-ness, with our first priority being to pursue SUBARU-ness that is unwavering amid changing times and changing external environments. Alongside our stakeholders, we will continue to work toward the achievement of an enjoyable and sustainable society and the sustainable growth of the SUBARU Group. We will do this by creating and providing SUBARU’s unique value based on the three priority items in “STEP” and the Six Priority Areas for CSR. Strengthening CSR promotion and management on a global and Group-wide basis In order to contribute to solutions to social issues through our business activities, it is important to promote and instill CSR initiatives on a global and Group-wide basis. To this end, in April 2020 we established the SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy as a guideline to be shared by all Group employees and which clearly indicates the direction of our initiatives. In addition, in October 2021 we renamed the CSR Committee the Sustainability Committee to function as a forum for more proactive Message on Sustainability from the CEO Message on Sustainability from the CEO Message on Sustainability from the CEO Message on Sustainability from the CEO Message on Sustainability from the CEO We will be steadfast in pursuing reforms to make us We will be steadfast in pursuing reforms to make us We will be steadfast in pursuing reforms to make us We will be steadfast in pursuing reforms to make us a company “delivering happiness to all.” a company “delivering happiness to all.” a company “delivering happiness to all.” a company “delivering happiness to all.” Tomomi Nakamura Tomomi Nakamura Tomomi Nakamura Tomomi Nakamura Representative Director of the Board, President and CEO Representative Director of the Board, President and CEO Representative Director of the Board, President and CEO Representative Director of the Board, President and CEO 3 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | MMeessssaaggee oonn SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy
ffrroomm tthhee CCEEOO | The SUBARU Group’s GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Sustainability Environment Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Message on Sustainability from the CEO
[TABLE] MMMMeeeessssssssaaaaggggeeee oooonnnn SSSSuuuussssttttaaaaiiiinnnnaaaabbbbiiiilllliiiittttyyyy ffffrrrroooommmm tttthhhheeee CCCCEEEEOOOO
WWWWeeee wwwwiiiillllllll bbbbeeee sssstttteeeeaaaaddddffffaaaasssstttt iiiinnnn ppppuuuurrrrssssuuuuiiiinnnngggg rrrreeeeffffoooorrrrmmmmssss ttttoooo mmmmaaaakkkkeeee uuuussss
aaaa ccccoooommmmppppaaaannnnyyyy ““““ddddeeeelllliiiivvvveeeerrrriiiinnnngggg hhhhaaaappppppppiiiinnnneeeessssssss ttttoooo aaaallllllll....””””
TTTToooommmmoooommmmiiii NNNNaaaakkkkaaaammmmuuuurrrraaaa
RRRReeeepppprrrreeeesssseeeennnnttttaaaattttiiiivvvveeee DDDDiiiirrrreeeeccccttttoooorrrr ooooffff tttthhhheeee BBBBooooaaaarrrrdddd,,,, PPPPrrrreeeessssiiiiddddeeeennnntttt aaaannnndddd CCCCEEEEOOOO
Seeking to achieve our vision while flexibly responding to changes
in the business environment and social issues
Steadfast pursuit of business activities even amid times of future uncertainty
In FYE March 2022, the global economy showed an overall recovery trend, if varied from region to region, mainly due to
progress in vaccination against COVID-19. At the same time, the outlook remains uncertain due to the resurgence of
infections from mutated strains of the virus, disruption of logistics from the resumption of economic activities, the
deteriorating situation between Russia and Ukraine, and other factors. Furthermore, shortages of procured parts, particularly
semiconductors, continue to have a significant impact on the automotive industry. In order to allow the SUBARU Group to
respond flexibly to rapid changes in society and industry and to provide stakeholders with the value of “Enjoyment and Peace
of Mind,” in FYE March 2022 we continued to take preventive action against COVID-19 and the spread of the virus. Meanwhile,
we focused on improvement initiatives in procurement, working to achieve flexible operational planning and execution and
high efficiency in sales operations in the course of doing business.
In the market environment of late, we have received many back orders due to strong demand for SUBARU vehicles, especially
in our most key market of North America. To meet these customers’ expectations, we will be steadfast in advancing reforms
to achieve SUBARU’s growth, produce and sell as many vehicles as possible, and communicate these results to our
stakeholders.
Contributing to a sustainable society through the promotion of CSR
With regard to the three priority items of the mid-term management vision “STEP”—corporate culture reforms, quality
enhancement, and evolution of SUBARU-ness—we are working as a unified Group under the slogan of “change mindset,
change behavior, change the company.” Furthermore, in order to fulfill corporate social responsibilities by contributing to
diversifying social needs, which is one element of our Vision for 2025 in ”STEP,” we at the SUBARU Group have established the
Six Priority Areas for CSR and have been focusing on initiatives leveraging our business strengths to find solutions to social
problems. In each of these initiatives, we are steadfastly marching forward in a way that embodies SUBARU-ness, with our
first priority being to pursue SUBARU-ness that is unwavering amid changing times and changing external environments.
Alongside our stakeholders, we will continue to work toward the achievement of an enjoyable and sustainable society and the
sustainable growth of the SUBARU Group. We will do this by creating and providing SUBARU’s unique value based on the three
priority items in “STEP” and the Six Priority Areas for CSR.
Strengthening CSR promotion and management on a global and Group-wide basis
In order to contribute to solutions to social issues through our business activities, it is important to promote and instill CSR
initiatives on a global and Group-wide basis. To this end, in April 2020 we established the SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy
as a guideline to be shared by all Group employees and which clearly indicates the direction of our initiatives. In addition, in
October 2021 we renamed the CSR Committee the Sustainability Committee to function as a forum for more proactive
3
[TABLE] MMMMeeeessssssssaaaaggggeeee oooonnnn SSSSuuuussssttttaaaaiiiinnnnaaaabbbbiiiilllliiiittttyyyy ffffrrrroooommmm tttthhhheeee CCCCEEEEOOOO
[TABLE] WWWWeeee wwwwiiiillllllll bbbbeeee sssstttteeeeaaaaddddffffaaaasssstttt iiiinnnn ppppuuuurrrrssssuuuuiiiinnnngggg rrrreeeeffffoooorrrrmmmmssss ttttoooo mmmmaaaakkkkeeee uuuussss
[TABLE] aaaa ccccoooommmmppppaaaannnnyyyy ““““ddddeeeelllliiiivvvveeeerrrriiiinnnngggg hhhhaaaappppppppiiiinnnneeeessssssss ttttoooo aaaallllllll....””””
[TABLE] TTTToooommmmoooommmmiiii NNNNaaaakkkkaaaammmmuuuurrrraaaa
[TABLE] RRRReeeepppprrrreeeesssseeeennnnttttaaaattttiiiivvvveeee DDDDiiiirrrreeeeccccttttoooorrrr ooooffff tttthhhheeee BBBBooooaaaarrrrdddd,,,, PPPPrrrreeeessssiiiiddddeeeennnntttt aaaannnndddd CCCCEEEEOOOO

[PAGE 4]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Message on Sustainability from the CEO discussions on sustainability and CSR initiatives. Furthermore, we decided to reflect the results of employee satisfaction evaluations, a product of our engagement with employees, in a portion of the compensation for directors of the Board and vice presidents starting in FYE March 2023. This restates the SUBARU Group’s commitment to contribute to the achievement of an enjoyable and sustainable society by strengthening CSR initiatives and management on a Group-wide and global basis, while establishing a clearer integrated position with management than before. *1 Excludes outside directors. Strengthening initiatives for human rights A number of human rights-related issues have been cropping up around the world. Based on the belief that respect for the rights and characteristics of individuals is an important management issue, we at the SUBARU Group established our Human Rights Policy in FYE March 2021. From FYE March 2021 to FYE March 2022, we carried out human rights due diligence in the domains of human resources and procurement to identify business-related human rights risks and formulate and implement measures to address them. If a company commits an act where human rights issues arise, it not only results in loss of trust from customers but also damages brand image, significantly affecting the business foundation. Therefore, SUBARU recognizes respecting human rights as a risk related to its industry and business operations. Going forward, the SUBARU Group will focus on mitigating human rights risks by steadily implementing measures to address risks in both of the aforementioned domains within each relevant department and by encouraging business partners and stakeholders, including those in the supply chain, to do the same based on our Human Rights Policy. Progress in the Six Priority Areas for CSR Among the Six Priority Areas for CSR is Peace of Mind; we are continuing to implement quality enhancement here, one of the most important topics of the mid-term management vision “STEP.” This is because high quality is at the root of the SUBARU brand, and is a source of added value. In this phase where we can continue to show results from our quality enhancement initiatives, including adapting to new technologies, we are continuing to sustain these initiatives. Our specific activities in this area include taking steps to ensure thorough implementation of a “Quality-First” mindset and reinforcement of organizational efforts and structure. Activities also include “Execution Quality” enhancement, with the goal of preventing defects reaching the general public in domains after the production preparation stage, and “Innate Quality” enhancement, seeking to reform the process from initial exploratory stages to development and design. As part of our work in manufacturing quality reform, in January 2021 we established the “FAST ” quality improvement team in the key market of North America to quickly resolve any defects that may have occurred there. In FYE March 2023, we started operation of a new final vehicle inspection wing, physically separated from the production lines at our plants in Japan. While this series of measures has produced clear results, our reforms are still at the halfway stage, and we will work to achieve steady results so that our customers and dealers can feel the positive effects of reforms. We have also declared the goal of achieving zero fatal traffic accidents by 2030. In April 2022, we announced that a wide- angle monocular camera for enhancing EyeSight’s recognition capability will be newly adopted in the Outback for the North American market. We are currently considering expanding this system’s application to more models and markets, and in the future we will integrate advanced sensing technology and artificial intelligence (AI) to further increase the intelligence of cars and improve safety in all situations. *2 Fast Action & Solution Team *3 Reducing to zero the number of fatal accidents occurring while a driver or passenger in a SUBARU vehicle and the number of fatalities among pedestrians, cyclists, and the like arising from collisions with a SUBARU vehicle. At the SUBARU Group, we see Diversity, one of the Six Priority Areas for CSR, as a characteristic both of people and products, and we believe that respecting diversity in our employees also leads to diversity in our products. Within employee diversity, SUBARU’s human resources need to be able to exert their unique talents informed by their own personal values and characteristics. This is why SUBARU values the differences in gender, nationality, culture, and lifestyle among its employees, and we as the SUBARU Group are proceeding with efforts to create workplace environments where everyone can make a meaningful contribution. In FYE March 2022, we introduced a new personnel system and open-call job rotation. While establishing a mechanism letting employees take on challenges to realize their own career visions, we aim to generate human resources who will act independently and lead reforms, thereby encouraging the growth of the individual. Within diversity of products, in May 2022 SUBARU launched its first global BEV, the SOLTERRA, in order to respond to the trend toward electrification. In parallel with electrification, we also see the utilization of internal-combustion engines as an option to contribute to a decarbonized society. To demonstrate this, in March 2022 we competed in Super Taikyu Series 2022 with a racing vehicle that uses carbon- neutral fuel. While responding to changes in society, we will reflect SUBARU’s unique technologies in our products and maintain our competitiveness into the future. *4 BEV: Battery electric vehicle For the Environment, one of the Six Priority Areas for CSR, we consider protecting SUBARU’s fields of business—the global environment comprising the earth, the sky and nature—as an important topic for ensuring the sustainability of both the SUBARU Group and society as a whole. In FYE March 2022, we formulated the medium-term Environment Action Plan 2030. This plan provides a roadmap for CO reduction toward achieving carbon neutrality by 2050, and within this plan we are *1 *2 *3 *4 2 4 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | MMeessssaaggee oonn SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy
ffrroomm tthhee CCEEOO | The SUBARU Group’s GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Sustainability Environment Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] discussions on sustainability and CSR initiatives.
Furthermore, we decided to reflect the results of employee satisfaction evaluations, a product of our engagement with
employees, in a portion of the compensation for directors*1 of the Board and vice presidents starting in FYE March 2023. This
restates the SUBARU Group’s commitment to contribute to the achievement of an enjoyable and sustainable society by
strengthening CSR initiatives and management on a Group-wide and global basis, while establishing a clearer integrated
position with management than before.
*1 Excludes outside directors.
Strengthening initiatives for human rights
A number of human rights-related issues have been cropping up around the world. Based on the belief that respect for the
rights and characteristics of individuals is an important management issue, we at the SUBARU Group established our Human
Rights Policy in FYE March 2021. From FYE March 2021 to FYE March 2022, we carried out human rights due diligence in the
domains of human resources and procurement to identify business-related human rights risks and formulate and implement
measures to address them. If a company commits an act where human rights issues arise, it not only results in loss of trust
from customers but also damages brand image, significantly affecting the business foundation. Therefore, SUBARU
recognizes respecting human rights as a risk related to its industry and business operations. Going forward, the SUBARU
Group will focus on mitigating human rights risks by steadily implementing measures to address risks in both of the
aforementioned domains within each relevant department and by encouraging business partners and stakeholders, including
those in the supply chain, to do the same based on our Human Rights Policy.
Progress in the Six Priority Areas for CSR
Among the Six Priority Areas for CSR is Peace of Mind; we are continuing to implement quality enhancement here, one of the
most important topics of the mid-term management vision “STEP.” This is because high quality is at the root of the SUBARU
brand, and is a source of added value. In this phase where we can continue to show results from our quality enhancement
initiatives, including adapting to new technologies, we are continuing to sustain these initiatives. Our specific activities in
this area include taking steps to ensure thorough implementation of a “Quality-First” mindset and reinforcement of
organizational efforts and structure. Activities also include “Execution Quality” enhancement, with the goal of preventing
defects reaching the general public in domains after the production preparation stage, and “Innate Quality” enhancement,
seeking to reform the process from initial exploratory stages to development and design. As part of our work in
manufacturing quality reform, in January 2021 we established the “FAST*2” quality improvement team in the key market of
North America to quickly resolve any defects that may have occurred there.
In FYE March 2023, we started operation of a new final vehicle inspection wing, physically separated from the production
lines at our plants in Japan. While this series of measures has produced clear results, our reforms are still at the halfway
stage, and we will work to achieve steady results so that our customers and dealers can feel the positive effects of reforms.
We have also declared the goal of achieving zero fatal traffic accidents*3 by 2030. In April 2022, we announced that a wide-
angle monocular camera for enhancing EyeSight’s recognition capability will be newly adopted in the Outback for the North
American market. We are currently considering expanding this system’s application to more models and markets, and in the
future we will integrate advanced sensing technology and artificial intelligence (AI) to further increase the intelligence of
cars and improve safety in all situations.
*2 Fast Action & Solution Team
*3 Reducing to zero the number of fatal accidents occurring while a driver or passenger in a SUBARU vehicle and the number of fatalities
among pedestrians, cyclists, and the like arising from collisions with a SUBARU vehicle.
At the SUBARU Group, we see Diversity, one of the Six Priority Areas for CSR, as a characteristic both of people and products,
and we believe that respecting diversity in our employees also leads to diversity in our products. Within employee diversity,
SUBARU’s human resources need to be able to exert their unique talents informed by their own personal values and
characteristics. This is why SUBARU values the differences in gender, nationality, culture, and lifestyle among its employees,
and we as the SUBARU Group are proceeding with efforts to create workplace environments where everyone can make a
meaningful contribution.
In FYE March 2022, we introduced a new personnel system and open-call job rotation. While establishing a mechanism letting
employees take on challenges to realize their own career visions, we aim to generate human resources who will act
independently and lead reforms, thereby encouraging the growth of the individual. Within diversity of products, in May 2022
SUBARU launched its first global BEV,*4 the SOLTERRA, in order to respond to the trend toward electrification. In parallel with
electrification, we also see the utilization of internal-combustion engines as an option to contribute to a decarbonized
society. To demonstrate this, in March 2022 we competed in Super Taikyu Series 2022 with a racing vehicle that uses carbon-
neutral fuel. While responding to changes in society, we will reflect SUBARU’s unique technologies in our products and
maintain our competitiveness into the future.
*4 BEV: Battery electric vehicle
For the Environment, one of the Six Priority Areas for CSR, we consider protecting SUBARU’s fields of business—the global
environment comprising the earth, the sky and nature—as an important topic for ensuring the sustainability of both the
SUBARU Group and society as a whole. In FYE March 2022, we formulated the medium-term Environment Action Plan 2030.
This plan provides a roadmap for CO2 reduction toward achieving carbon neutrality by 2050, and within this plan we are
4

[PAGE 5]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Message on Sustainability from the CEO currently promoting initiatives such as increasing the sales ratio of BEVs, introducing zero CO emission electricity at plants, and resource recycling. Although it is not easy to determine the timing of the transition to BEVs, we will strategically reorganize our domestic production system to ensure that we can respond to this change. We are targeting around 2025 for the commencement of BEV production, and we will add a specialized BEV production line after 2027 to put in place a highly efficient and flexible production mechanism and improve business feasibility. Aiming to be a company “delivering happiness to all” alongside our customers and society In our Vision for 2025 within “STEP,” we declare that we will “Become a brand that is ‘different’ from others by enhancing distinctiveness.” In line with this vision, we will further evolve this deep relationship between SUBARU and our customers that makes us different from other brands. We do this because we see this relationship as the greatest asset for the SUBARU Group and the SUBARU brand. It is my firm belief that we at SUBARU will strive to put smiles on our customers’ faces by polishing this SUBARU-ness they sense even further, and to bring those smiles to all our stakeholders, to society, and to the Earth itself. And so, we will continue to maintain dialogue with our stakeholders, aim to be a company “delivering happiness to all” alongside our customers and society, and strive to always make SUBARU a company you can love. Representative Director of the Board, President and CEO 2 5 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | MMeessssaaggee oonn SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy
ffrroomm tthhee CCEEOO | The SUBARU Group’s GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Sustainability Environment Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] currently promoting initiatives such as increasing the sales ratio of BEVs, introducing zero CO2 emission electricity at plants,
and resource recycling. Although it is not easy to determine the timing of the transition to BEVs, we will strategically
reorganize our domestic production system to ensure that we can respond to this change. We are targeting around 2025 for
the commencement of BEV production, and we will add a specialized BEV production line after 2027 to put in place a highly
efficient and flexible production mechanism and improve business feasibility.
Aiming to be a company “delivering happiness to all” alongside our customers and society
In our Vision for 2025 within “STEP,” we declare that we will “Become a brand that is ‘different’ from others by enhancing
distinctiveness.” In line with this vision, we will further evolve this deep relationship between SUBARU and our customers
that makes us different from other brands. We do this because we see this relationship as the greatest asset for the SUBARU
Group and the SUBARU brand.
It is my firm belief that we at SUBARU will strive to put smiles on our customers’ faces by polishing this SUBARU-ness they
sense even further, and to bring those smiles to all our stakeholders, to society, and to the Earth itself. And so, we will
continue to maintain dialogue with our stakeholders, aim to be a company “delivering happiness to all” alongside our
customers and society, and strive to always make SUBARU a company you can love.
Representative Director of the Board, President and CEO

[PAGE 6]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability SUBARU’s Vision/policy About the SUBARU Group’s Sustainability CSR Promotion System Stakeholder Engagement SUBARU Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR TOPICS of the SUBARU Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR 6 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability
Contents
from the CEO | TThhee SSUUBBAARRUU GGrroouupp’’ss
SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Environment Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022

[PAGE 7]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability SUBARU ’s V i s i o n ―Delivering happ iness to all ― In the May 2021 mid-term management vision progress briefing for “STEP,” SUBARU consolidated the multiple corporate principles into three key pillars. Our corporate statement is “We aim to be a compelling company with a strong market presence built upon our customer-first principle.” The value we deliver to our customers is “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind.” This was established at the same time as the said corporate statement. We recognize that this is a value we must deliver to our customers to deepen our SUBARU-ness, not influenced by changes in the times or external environment, and further enhance our brand. Our vision is “delivering happiness to all.” We established this vision when we changed our company name to SUBARU CORPORATION in 2017. This vision came to us from watching what our customers do: We learned what SUBARU should do from our customers. Based on these, we will sustainably grow SUBARU as a global brand in the automotive and aerospace businesses and enhance its corporate value over the medium to long term. SUBARU's Vision/policy 7 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability
Contents
from the CEO | TThhee SSUUBBAARRUU GGrroouupp’’ss
SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Environment Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] SUBARU's Vision/policy
[TABLE] SUBARU’s Vision ―Delivering happiness to all―
In the May 2021 mid-term management vision progress briefing for “STEP,” SUBARU consolidated the multiple corporate
principles into three key pillars.
Our corporate statement is “We aim to be a compelling company with a strong market presence built upon our customer-first
principle.”
The value we deliver to our customers is “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind.” This was established at the same time as the said
corporate statement. We recognize that this is a value we must deliver to our customers to deepen our SUBARU-ness, not
influenced by changes in the times or external environment, and further enhance our brand.
Our vision is “delivering happiness to all.” We established this vision when we changed our company name to SUBARU
CORPORATION in 2017. This vision came to us from watching what our customers do: We learned what SUBARU should do
from our customers.
Based on these, we will sustainably grow SUBARU as a global brand in the automotive and aerospace businesses and enhance
its corporate value over the medium to long term.
7

[PAGE 8]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy We, the SUBARU Group, are committed to sustainable business practices designed to promote harmony between people, society and the environment in the following ways: 1. Through our business activities, we will contribute to the resolution of various social issues, including the protection of the global environment, and to the creation of a sustainable society. 2. Respecting the quality and originality of our products, we will continue to provide SUBARU’s unique value using advanced technologies, and enrich the lives of all those involved with the SUBARU Group. 3. As a good corporate citizen in the international community, we respect human rights, diverse values and individuality, and treat all stakeholders with sincerity in every interaction. 4. We strive to maintain and advance the workplace environment so that employees can work safely in peace, and with a sense of satisfaction. 5. We respect international rules and the laws and regulations of each country and region, as well as local culture and customs, and pursue fair and transparent corporate governance. 6. We make use of dialogue with stakeholders to make management decisions, and disclose corporate information in a timely and proper manner. SUBARUG l o b a l S u s t a i n a b i l i t y P o l i c y Until recently, the SUBARU Group promoted various initiatives in line with its CSR Policy, revised in June 2009. However, to cope with changes in the social environment and in relationships with our stakeholders, we established the SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy in April 2020 as a guideline to be shared by all Group employees on a global basis. This policy is applied to SUBARU CORPORATION and all its subsidiaries. 8 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability
from the CEO | TThhee SSUUBBAARRUU GGrroouupp’’ss
SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Environment Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy
Until recently, the SUBARU Group promoted various initiatives in line with its CSR Policy, revised in June 2009. However, to
cope with changes in the social environment and in relationships with our stakeholders, we established the SUBARU Global
Sustainability Policy in April 2020 as a guideline to be shared by all Group employees on a global basis.
This policy is applied to SUBARU CORPORATION and all its subsidiaries.
SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy
We, the SUBARU Group, are committed to sustainable business practices designed to promote harmony between
people, society and the environment in the following ways:
1. Through our business activities, we will contribute to the resolution of various social issues, including the
protection of the global environment, and to the creation of a sustainable society.
2. Respecting the quality and originality of our products, we will continue to provide SUBARU’s unique value using
advanced technologies, and enrich the lives of all those involved with the SUBARU Group.
3. As a good corporate citizen in the international community, we respect human rights, diverse values and
individuality, and treat all stakeholders with sincerity in every interaction.
4. We strive to maintain and advance the workplace environment so that employees can work safely in peace, and with
a sense of satisfaction.
5. We respect international rules and the laws and regulations of each country and region, as well as local culture and
[TABLE] SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy
We, the SUBARU Group, are committed to sustainable business practices designed to promote harmony between
people, society and the environment in the following ways:
1. Through our business activities, we will contribute to the resolution of various social issues, including the
protection of the global environment, and to the creation of a sustainable society.
2. Respecting the quality and originality of our products, we will continue to provide SUBARU’s unique value using
advanced technologies, and enrich the lives of all those involved with the SUBARU Group.
3. As a good corporate citizen in the international community, we respect human rights, diverse values and
individuality, and treat all stakeholders with sincerity in every interaction.
4. We strive to maintain and advance the workplace environment so that employees can work safely in peace, and with
a sense of satisfaction.
5. We respect international rules and the laws and regulations of each country and region, as well as local culture and
[TABLE] customs, and pursue fair and transparent corporate governance.
6. We make use of dialogue with stakeholders to make management decisions, and disclose corporate information in
a timely and proper manner.

[PAGE 9]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability A b o u t t h e SU BARU Group’s Sustainability In the mid-term management vision “STEP,” which was developed in 2018, we at SUBARU envision becoming a company “delivering happiness to all.” To achieve this vision, we have adopted the Six Priority Areas for CSR and will promote initiatives based on the SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy and to fulfill our corporate social responsibilities, thereby providing “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” to our customers and other stakeholders. The SUBARU Group aspires to be a truly global company with sustainable growth driven by each and every one of its employees, and to contribute to the realization of an enjoyable and sustainable society. About the SUBARU Group’s Sustainability 9 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability
Contents
from the CEO | TThhee SSUUBBAARRUU GGrroouupp’’ss
SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Environment Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] About the SUBARU Group’s Sustainability
[TABLE] About the SUBARU Group’s Sustainability
In the mid-term management vision “STEP,” which was developed in 2018, we at SUBARU envision becoming a company
“delivering happiness to all.” To achieve this vision, we have adopted the Six Priority Areas for CSR and will promote
initiatives based on the SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy and to fulfill our corporate social responsibilities, thereby
providing “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” to our customers and other stakeholders. The SUBARU Group aspires to be a truly
global company with sustainable growth driven by each and every one of its employees, and to contribute to the realization
of an enjoyable and sustainable society.

[PAGE 10]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability CSR Promotion System The Sustainability Committee was established as a forum for discussing all kinds of CSR initiatives by the SUBARU Group, and meets twice a year. The Sustainability Committee is headed by the President and Representative Director, and all of our executives are members. The committee considers business issues from a social perspective and works to strengthen CSR efforts. We comprehensively promote CSR initiatives as a unified SUBARU Group to realize our sustainability in cooperation with bases in Japan and overseas, and monitor the PDCA status of related committees and departments. The various activities we conduct in the Group are communicated and disclosed appropriately through channels such as the Sustainability & CSR section of our website, our integrated reports, and our in-house magazine, leading to further enhancement of the SUBARU Group’s CSR initiatives. * Renamed in FYE March 2022 from the CSR Committee. CSR Promotion System * 10 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability
Contents
from the CEO | TThhee SSUUBBAARRUU GGrroouupp’’ss
SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Environment Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] CSR Promotion System
[TABLE] CSR Promotion System
The Sustainability Committee* was established as a forum for discussing all kinds of CSR initiatives by the SUBARU Group,
and meets twice a year. The Sustainability Committee is headed by the President and Representative Director, and all of our
executives are members. The committee considers business issues from a social perspective and works to strengthen CSR
efforts.
We comprehensively promote CSR initiatives as a unified SUBARU Group to realize our sustainability in cooperation with
bases in Japan and overseas, and monitor the PDCA status of related committees and departments. The various activities we
conduct in the Group are communicated and disclosed appropriately through channels such as the Sustainability & CSR
section of our website, our integrated reports, and our in-house magazine, leading to further enhancement of the SUBARU
Group’s CSR initiatives.
* Renamed in FYE March 2022 from the CSR Committee.
10

[PAGE 11]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability SUBARU In addition to new employee training and rank-specific training for new associate managers and new managers, conduct e-learning on the SUBARU Group’s CSR for all managers and Head Office employees Dealerships in Japan Hold meetings of the CSR Promotion Conference and share CSR-related initiatives with dealerships VOICE Feedback from employees after CSR e-learning I was able to consider CSR in a way that was linked to the SDGs and felt that the SDGs were closely tied to my own work. ・ I was reminded that our efforts to create safer cars and for carbon neutrality are directly related to the SDGs. ・ I felt that I could contribute to the SDGs by improving my knowledge of business operations for proper company management, and by carrying this management out in a manner that complies with laws and regulations. ・ I came to understand that my own work contributes to the SDGs, such as promoting active roles for female employees and diversity. ・ I felt that using e-learning to conduct training as a company-wide educational program, rather than just for employees in specific departments to understand, was extremely important for the company to work together to promote various initiatives. ・ I would like to think about how I can contribute not only in my daily work but also in other small ways, such as being diligent in turning off lights, keeping in mind that I am also a member of society. ・ I n i t i a t i v e f o r W i d e s p re a d A d o p t i o n o f CSR Promoting Group-wide Understanding and Permeation At the SUBARU Group, in FYE March 2019 we provided opportunities for executives and managers to think about CSR, hoping to give each of them a deeper understanding of CSR in order to promote initiatives in this area. In FYE March 2020, we expanded these opportunities, introducing them into rank-specific education for new managers, associate managers, and new recruits. In FYE March 2021, we created CSR promotion videos for each division, designed to encourage them to take the lead in promoting deeper understanding. In addition, we started sharing information about the initiative progress and issues in the Six Priority Areas for CSR for dealerships in Japan and Group companies overseas. As of FYE March 2022, we are providing opportunities for communication with dealerships in Japan and Group companies overseas, and promote efforts on a Group- wide and global basis. Initiatives in FYE March 2022 and Beyond Target Description 11 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability
from the CEO | TThhee SSUUBBAARRUU GGrroouupp’’ss
SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Environment Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Initiative for Widespread Adoption of CSR
Promoting Group-wide Understanding and Permeation
At the SUBARU Group, in FYE March 2019 we provided opportunities for executives and managers to think about CSR, hoping
to give each of them a deeper understanding of CSR in order to promote initiatives in this area. In FYE March 2020, we
expanded these opportunities, introducing them into rank-specific education for new managers, associate managers, and new
recruits. In FYE March 2021, we created CSR promotion videos for each division, designed to encourage them to take the lead
in promoting deeper understanding. In addition, we started sharing information about the initiative progress and issues in
the Six Priority Areas for CSR for dealerships in Japan and Group companies overseas. As of FYE March 2022, we are providing
opportunities for communication with dealerships in Japan and Group companies overseas, and promote efforts on a Group-
wide and global basis.
Initiatives in FYE March 2022 and Beyond
Target Description
In addition to new employee training and rank-specific training for new associate managers and new managers,
SUBARU
conduct e-learning on the SUBARU Group’s CSR for all managers and Head Office employees
Dealerships in Japan Hold meetings of the CSR Promotion Conference and share CSR-related initiatives with dealerships
VOICE
Feedback from employees after CSR e-learning
・I was able to consider CSR in a way that was linked to the SDGs and felt that the SDGs were closely tied to my own
work.
・I was reminded that our efforts to create safer cars and for carbon neutrality are directly related to the SDGs.
[TABLE] Target | Description
[TABLE] SUBARU | In addition to new employee training and rank-specific training for new associate managers and new managers,
conduct e-learning on the SUBARU Group’s CSR for all managers and Head Office employees
[TABLE] Dealerships in Japan | Hold meetings of the CSR Promotion Conference and share CSR-related initiatives with dealerships
[TABLE] VOICE
Feedback from employees after CSR e-learning
・I was able to consider CSR in a way that was linked to the SDGs and felt that the SDGs were closely tied to my own
work.
・I was reminded that our efforts to create safer cars and for carbon neutrality are directly related to the SDGs.
[TABLE] ・I felt that I could contribute to the SDGs by improving my knowledge of business operations for proper company
management, and by carrying this management out in a manner that complies with laws and regulations.
・I came to understand that my own work contributes to the SDGs, such as promoting active roles for female
employees and diversity.
・I felt that using e-learning to conduct training as a company-wide educational program, rather than just for
employees in specific departments to understand, was extremely important for the company to work together to
promote various initiatives.
・I would like to think about how I can contribute not only in my daily work but also in other small ways, such as
being diligent in turning off lights, keeping in mind that I am also a member of society.

[PAGE 12]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability S t a k e holder Engagement The SUBARU Group’s CSR initiatives place importance on the relationship with stakeholders. The SUBARU Group believes that disclosing information to stakeholders, engaging in dialogue with them, and reflecting their opinions and requests in the management of the business are all important. In order to realize its vision of becoming “a compelling company with a strong market presence” as stated in the management philosophy, the SUBARU Group will continue to make efforts to gain trust from its stakeholders, and to provide meaningful community engagement while at the same time increasing its corporate value. SUBARU Group’s Stakeholders and Their Relationship with the Six Priority Areas for CSR Methods to Communicate with Stakeholders at the SUBARU Group Stakeholders Communication Method Customers Establish SUBARU Customer Center, implement satisfaction surveys, and hold events. Local communities Encourage traffic safety through safety workshops and traffic guidance. Schedule cleanup activities by employees and hold exchanges with local residents. Shareholders and investors Hold shareholder meetings (annually), issue reports, and publish information online. Hold interviews with institutional investors and investor briefings. Hold factory tours. Business partners Hold procurement policy briefings, practice regular exchange of information, and recognize business partners that are making major contributions in technology, quality, etc. Employees Hold labor–management consultations, carry out stress checks and the employee attitudes survey, and conduct educational training by profession and rank. NGOs and NPOs Respond to questionnaires and surveys, implement regional and local community engagement activities, and make donations to support shared philosophies. Governments Participate in economic and industry associations’ conference bodies, and have discussions and exchanges with local governments. Stakeholder Engagement Financial institutions Publish information online, provide explanations at account settlement, and hold monthly discussions. Media Hold financial reporting briefings for media and analysts (quarterly), and publish information online. Education and research institutions Implement workplace visits, implement school visit projects at elementary and middle schools, and hold plant tours (about 90,000 visitors annually). Note: Some activities were not held in FYE March 2022. 12 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability
Contents
from the CEO | TThhee SSUUBBAARRUU GGrroouupp’’ss
SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Environment Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Stakeholder Engagement
[TABLE] Stakeholder Engagement
The SUBARU Group’s CSR initiatives place importance on the relationship with stakeholders. The SUBARU Group believes that
disclosing information to stakeholders, engaging in dialogue with them, and reflecting their opinions and requests in the
management of the business are all important. In order to realize its vision of becoming “a compelling company with a strong
market presence” as stated in the management philosophy, the SUBARU Group will continue to make efforts to gain trust
from its stakeholders, and to provide meaningful community engagement while at the same time increasing its corporate
value.
SUBARU Group’s Stakeholders and Their Relationship with the Six Priority Areas for CSR
Methods to Communicate with Stakeholders at the SUBARU Group
Stakeholders Communication Method
Customers Establish SUBARU Customer Center, implement satisfaction surveys, and hold events.
Encourage traffic safety through safety workshops and traffic guidance. Schedule cleanup activities by employees
Local communities
and hold exchanges with local residents.
Shareholders and Hold shareholder meetings (annually), issue reports, and publish information online. Hold interviews with
investors institutional investors and investor briefings. Hold factory tours.
Hold procurement policy briefings, practice regular exchange of information, and recognize business partners that
Business partners
are making major contributions in technology, quality, etc.
Hold labor–management consultations, carry out stress checks and the employee attitudes survey, and conduct
Employees
educational training by profession and rank.
Respond to questionnaires and surveys, implement regional and local community engagement activities, and make
NGOs and NPOs
donations to support shared philosophies.
Participate in economic and industry associations’ conference bodies, and have discussions and exchanges with
Governments
local governments.
Financial institutions Publish information online, provide explanations at account settlement, and hold monthly discussions.
Media Hold financial reporting briefings for media and analysts (quarterly), and publish information online.
Education and Implement workplace visits, implement school visit projects at elementary and middle schools, and hold plant
research institutions tours (about 90,000 visitors annually).
Note: Some activities were not held in FYE March 2022.
12
[TABLE] Stakeholders | Communication Method
[TABLE] Customers | Establish SUBARU Customer Center, implement satisfaction surveys, and hold events.
[TABLE] Local communities | Encourage traffic safety through safety workshops and traffic guidance. Schedule cleanup activities by employees
and hold exchanges with local residents.
[TABLE] Shareholders and
investors | Hold shareholder meetings (annually), issue reports, and publish information online. Hold interviews with
institutional investors and investor briefings. Hold factory tours.
[TABLE] Business partners | Hold procurement policy briefings, practice regular exchange of information, and recognize business partners that
are making major contributions in technology, quality, etc.
[TABLE] Employees | Hold labor–management consultations, carry out stress checks and the employee attitudes survey, and conduct
educational training by profession and rank.
[TABLE] NGOs and NPOs | Respond to questionnaires and surveys, implement regional and local community engagement activities, and make
donations to support shared philosophies.
[TABLE] Governments | Participate in economic and industry associations’ conference bodies, and have discussions and exchanges with
local governments.
[TABLE] Financial institutions | Publish information online, provide explanations at account settlement, and hold monthly discussions.
[TABLE] Media | Hold financial reporting briefings for media and analysts (quarterly), and publish information online.
[TABLE] Education and
research institutions | Implement workplace visits, implement school visit projects at elementary and middle schools, and hold plant
tours (about 90,000 visitors annually).

[PAGE 13]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability The SUBARU Group strives to put the customer first in all of its business activities. By adopting precision, speed, relevance, fairness, impartiality, and kindness as our basic principles of conduct in dealing with customers, we seek to make SUBARU a brand that customers will continue to choose for “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind.” We also feed our customers’ valuable opinions, requests, and comments back to the relevant departments, and use such feedback to improve our quality and products, make proposals, and upgrade our after-sales service. “cartopia” customer magazine Gunma Plant: SUBARU Appreciation Festival (FYE March 2020) Utsunomiya Plant: Friendship Festival (FYE March 2020) S t a k e ho l d er Eng ag ement Activities Customers Local Communities SUBARU i s promo t i ng commun i ca t i on wi t h peop l e i n t he commun i t i es whe re i t ope ra t es , and s t r i ves t o deve l op l oca l commun i t i es and bu i l d re l a t i onsh i ps o f t rus t . I n Ot a C i t y, Gunma Pre f ec t ure , SUBARU and i t s bus i nes s pa r t ne r s j o i ned f orces wi t h res i den t s o f Ot a and i t s sur round i ng a rea t o l aunch t he SUBARU Commun i t y Exchange As soc i a t i on i n 1995 wi t h t he a im o f promo t i ng reg i ona l deve l opmen t and c rea t i ng a more l i vab l e commun i t y. The as soc i a t i on has s i nce engaged i n vo l un t ee r, cu l t ura l , educa t i ona l , and c i v i c ac t i v i t i es . We a l so hos t exchange mee t i ngs and even t s i n reg i ons whe re SUBARU has bus i nes s and manu f ac t ur i ng s i t es . Bu i l d i ng on t hese ac t i v i t i es , we a re con t i nu i ng t o conduc t o t he r commun i t y - based ac t i v i t i es , f ocus i ng on “env i ronmen t a l ac t i v i t i es ” and “road sa f e t y ac t i v i t i es ” t o respond t o con t empora r y needs . Stakeholder Engagement Activities 13 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability
Contents
from the CEO | TThhee SSUUBBAARRUU GGrroouupp’’ss
SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Environment Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Stakeholder Engagement Activities
[TABLE] Stakeholder Engagement Activities
Customers
The SUBARU Group strives to put the customer first in all of its business activities. By
adopting precision, speed, relevance, fairness, impartiality, and kindness as our basic
principles of conduct in dealing with customers, we seek to make SUBARU a brand that
customers will continue to choose for “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind.” We also feed our
customers’ valuable opinions, requests, and comments back to the relevant departments,
and use such feedback to improve our quality and products, make proposals, and upgrade
our after-sales service.
“cartopia”
customer magazine
Local Communities
SUBARU i(cid:32)s promo(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng commun(cid:32)i(cid:32)ca(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h peop(cid:32)l(cid:32)e i(cid:32)n t(cid:32)he commun(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es whe(cid:32)re i(cid:32)t(cid:32)
ope(cid:32)ra(cid:32)t(cid:32)es(cid:32), and s(cid:32)t(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)ves t(cid:32)o deve(cid:32)l(cid:32)op l(cid:32)oca(cid:32)l commun(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es and bu(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)d re(cid:32)l(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)onsh(cid:32)i(cid:32)ps o(cid:32)f(cid:32)
t(cid:32)rus(cid:32)t(cid:32). I(cid:32)n Ot(cid:32)a C(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)y, Gunma Pre(cid:32)f(cid:32)ec(cid:32)t(cid:32)ure(cid:32), SUBARU and i(cid:32)t(cid:32)s bus(cid:32)i(cid:32)nes(cid:32)s pa(cid:32)r(cid:32)t(cid:32)ne(cid:32)r(cid:32)s j(cid:32)o(cid:32)i(cid:32)ned(cid:32)
f(cid:32)orces wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h res(cid:32)i(cid:32)den(cid:32)t(cid:32)s o(cid:32)f Ot(cid:32)a and i(cid:32)t(cid:32)s sur(cid:32)round(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng a(cid:32)rea t(cid:32)o l(cid:32)aunch t(cid:32)he SUBARU(cid:32)
Commun(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)y Exchange As(cid:32)soc(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on i(cid:32)n 1995 wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h t(cid:32)he a(cid:32)im o(cid:32)f promo(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng reg(cid:32)i(cid:32)ona(cid:32)l(cid:32)
deve(cid:32)l(cid:32)opmen(cid:32)t and c(cid:32)rea(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng a more l(cid:32)i(cid:32)vab(cid:32)l(cid:32)e commun(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)y. The as(cid:32)soc(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on has s(cid:32)i(cid:32)nce(cid:32)
engaged i(cid:32)n vo(cid:32)l(cid:32)un(cid:32)t(cid:32)ee(cid:32)r, cu(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)ura(cid:32)l(cid:32), educa(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ona(cid:32)l(cid:32), and c(cid:32)i(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)c ac(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es(cid:32).
We a(cid:32)l(cid:32)so hos(cid:32)t exchange mee(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ngs and even(cid:32)t(cid:32)s i(cid:32)n reg(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons whe(cid:32)re SUBARU has(cid:32)
bus(cid:32)i(cid:32)nes(cid:32)s and manu(cid:32)f(cid:32)ac(cid:32)t(cid:32)ur(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng s(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)es(cid:32).
Gunma Plant: SUBARU Appreciation
Bu(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)d(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng on t(cid:32)hese ac(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es(cid:32), we a(cid:32)re con(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)nu(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)o conduc(cid:32)t o(cid:32)t(cid:32)he(cid:32)r commun(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)y(cid:32)-(cid:32)based(cid:32) Festival (FYE March 2020)
ac(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es(cid:32), f(cid:32)ocus(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng on “env(cid:32)i(cid:32)ronmen(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)l ac(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es(cid:32)” and “road sa(cid:32)f(cid:32)e(cid:32)t(cid:32)y ac(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es(cid:32)” t(cid:32)o(cid:32)
respond t(cid:32)o con(cid:32)t(cid:32)empora(cid:32)r(cid:32)y needs(cid:32).
Utsunomiya Plant: Friendship Festival (FYE
March 2020)
13

[PAGE 14]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability briefings in FYE March 2022. Executives answered various questions from shareholders and engaged in active communication. With the aim of unified support of the SUBARU brand alongside dealerships, a variety of initiatives are ongoing for dealerships both inside and outside Japan. Aiming to ensure that the customer-first mindset runs through our quality in particular, SUBARU attaches great importance to dialogue with dealerships, as they are responsible for dealing with customers across the globe. We work to take action that incorporates dealership views and improves customer satisfaction. These include twice-annual technical liaison meetings in Japan, while in overseas markets, we hold twice-annual major dealership service meetings, and block conferences in the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS), Central Europe, Northern Europe, Southern Europe, Oceania, and Central and South America (in FYE March 2022, all meetings and conferences, domestic and overseas, were once again held online). Note that in FYE March 2021, some domestic meetings were held online to help prevent the spread of COVID-19; new methods such as archive video distribution were also introduced. Going forward, we will continue to engage in awareness activities, while enhancing the program and extending the duration, among other improvements. Dealerships newsletter “SPICE magazine” Every month, SUBARU publishes an in-house magazine for the purpose of sharing information on corporate policies and initiatives as well as boosting the motivation of employees and promoting communication. In addition to the executive speech relay that has been ongoing since FYE March 2020, we have introduced the general manager dialogue relay for mid-career employees. Furthermore, we have launched the SUBARU Communication Park on our company network, offering a forum where employees of many different positions can communicate with each other. In-house magazine “Shuho” Dealerships Employees SUBARU has conducted plant tours for shareholders since 2004, with the aim of giving shareholders a deeper understanding of our policies and business as well as production activities. Our view is that these are important opportunities for shareholders to see what we do firsthand in places like our production plants and for us to communicate with them. These tours include time for question-and-answer sessions with Company executives. Opinions and comments received here are shared with the relevant internal stakeholders, including the management team, and utilized in our business and investor relations (IR) activities. Although we had suspended tours from 2020 due to COVID-19, we held online An online briefing Shareholders 14 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability
from the CEO | TThhee SSUUBBAARRUU GGrroouupp’’ss
SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Environment Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Shareholders
SUBARU has conducted plant tours for shareholders since 2004, with the aim of
giving shareholders a deeper understanding of our policies and business as well
as production activities.
Our view is that these are important opportunities for shareholders to see what we
do firsthand in places like our production plants and for us to communicate with
them. These tours include time for question-and-answer sessions with Company
executives. Opinions and comments received here are shared with the relevant
internal stakeholders, including the management team, and utilized in our An online briefing
business and investor relations (IR) activities.
Although we had suspended tours from 2020 due to COVID-19, we held online
briefings in FYE March 2022. Executives answered various questions from
shareholders and engaged in active communication.
Dealerships
With the aim of unified support of the SUBARU brand alongside dealerships, a variety of
initiatives are ongoing for dealerships both inside and outside Japan. Aiming to ensure
that the customer-first mindset runs through our quality in particular, SUBARU attaches
great importance to dialogue with dealerships, as they are responsible for dealing with
customers across the globe. We work to take action that incorporates dealership views
and improves customer satisfaction. These include twice-annual technical liaison meetings
in Japan, while in overseas markets, we hold twice-annual major dealership service
meetings, and block conferences in the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS),
Central Europe, Northern Europe, Southern Europe, Oceania, and Central and South
America (in FYE March 2022, all meetings and conferences, domestic and overseas, were
once again held online).
Note that in FYE March 2021, some domestic meetings were held online to help prevent
the spread of COVID-19; new methods such as archive video distribution were also Dealerships newsletter
“SPICE magazine”
introduced. Going forward, we will continue to engage in awareness activities, while
enhancing the program and extending the duration, among other improvements.
Employees
Every month, SUBARU publishes an in-house magazine for the purpose of sharing
information on corporate policies and initiatives as well as boosting the motivation of
employees and promoting communication.
In addition to the executive speech relay that has been ongoing since FYE March 2020, we
have introduced the general manager dialogue relay for mid-career employees.
Furthermore, we have launched the SUBARU Communication Park on our company
network, offering a forum where employees of many different positions can communicate
with each other.

[PAGE 15]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability SUBARUG ro up’s Six Priority Areas for CSR Process of Identifying the Six Priority Areas for CSR In accordance with SUBARU’s mid-term management vision “STEP,” the SUBARU Group established the Six Priority Areas for CSR: People-oriented Car Culture; Resonance and Coexistence; Peace of Mind; Diversity; Environment; and Compliance. To select the priority areas, the SUBARU Group first identified 41 CSR priority topics for which social needs were high and then conducted a questionnaire among experts and investors in North America and Japan. The responses and opinions we received were used in an assessment and exploration of these areas from two perspectives: areas in which we can engage the community by leveraging our business strengths, and areas related to the demands of society. As a result, the SUBARU Group selected People-oriented Car Culture, Resonance and Coexistence, Peace of Mind, and Diversity as the four areas where SUBARU could engage our communities by leveraging our business strengths, and Peace of Mind, Diversity, Environment, and Compliance as the four areas where the SUBARU Group could work to meet the demands of society. Peace of Mind and Diversity appear in both categories, because Peace of Mind is an area in which society’s needs and the strengths of the SUBARU Group’s business coincide, while Diversity refers not only to diversity in the community, but also to diversity in a broad sense, including in the products that the SUBARU Group offers to customers. In May 2021, SUBARU announced its progress report for the mid-term management vision “STEP.” Its priority areas in this vision are fundamentally unchanged. Based on the SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy, SUBARU will pursue value creation on a Group-wide and global basis with the goal of becoming a company “delivering happiness to all.” We will also promote initiatives in the Six Priority Areas for CSR, recognizing issues of importance to society and the SUBARU Group, with the aim of creating greater social and economic value. Reflecting the SUBARU Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR in Management SUBARU Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR 15 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability
Contents
from the CEO | TThhee SSUUBBAARRUU GGrroouupp’’ss
SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Environment Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] SUBARU Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR
[TABLE] SUBARU Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR
Process of Identifying the Six Priority Areas for CSR
In accordance with SUBARU’s mid-term management vision “STEP,” the SUBARU Group established the Six Priority Areas for
CSR: People-oriented Car Culture; Resonance and Coexistence; Peace of Mind; Diversity; Environment; and Compliance.
To select the priority areas, the SUBARU Group first identified 41 CSR priority topics for which social needs were high and
then conducted a questionnaire among experts and investors in North America and Japan. The responses and opinions we
received were used in an assessment and exploration of these areas from two perspectives: areas in which we can engage the
community by leveraging our business strengths, and areas related to the demands of society. As a result, the SUBARU Group
selected People-oriented Car Culture, Resonance and Coexistence, Peace of Mind, and Diversity as the four areas where
SUBARU could engage our communities by leveraging our business strengths, and Peace of Mind, Diversity, Environment, and
Compliance as the four areas where the SUBARU Group could work to meet the demands of society.
Peace of Mind and Diversity appear in both categories, because Peace of Mind is an area in which society’s needs and the
strengths of the SUBARU Group’s business coincide, while Diversity refers not only to diversity in the community, but also to
diversity in a broad sense, including in the products that the SUBARU Group offers to customers.
In May 2021, SUBARU announced its progress report for the mid-term management vision “STEP.” Its priority areas in this
vision are fundamentally unchanged. Based on the SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy, SUBARU will pursue value creation on
a Group-wide and global basis with the goal of becoming a company “delivering happiness to all.” We will also promote
initiatives in the Six Priority Areas for CSR, recognizing issues of importance to society and the SUBARU Group, with the aim
of creating greater social and economic value.
Reflecting the SUBARU Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR in Management
15

[PAGE 16]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Peace of Mind SUBARU will become a company that provides all stakeholders with the utmost peace of mind. Become a company that provides the utmost peace of mind to all stakeholders. Peace of Mind Diversity The SUBARU Group’s approach to promoting diversity has two key elements: offering products that respect diverse forms of market value, and respecting and reflecting the diverse values of all those who work for the SUBARU Group. Promote businesses that create diverse forms of market value while respecting the diverse values of all people. Diversity Environment In order to pass on “the earth, the sky and nature,” SUBARU’s fields of business, to future generations, we provide utmost care to the environment with our company-wide activities. Cherish and protect the global environment—the earth, the sky and nature—through Group-wide activities. Environment Compliance SUBARU will become a company that operates in accordance with laws, regulations, and social norms, ensuring that our focus on compliance as a priority permeates throughout and is practiced by all those who work for the SUBARU Group. Act in good faith and become a company that is trusted by and resonates with society. Compliance Six Priority Areas for CSR: Basic Concepts and Vision for 2025 Six Priority Areas for CSR Basic Concepts Vision for 2025 TOPICS People-oriented Car Culture SUBARU believes that a car is more than just a means of transport. SUBARU will foster a sustainable mobility culture by providing customers with added value in the form of products and services which make the car a partner that enriches people’s lives and minds, while cherishing the human emotions of “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind.” Become a company that enriches people’s lives and minds as a partner. People-oriented Car Culture Resonance and Coexistence SUBARU will become a company that is trusted by, and resonates and coexists with, both individual customers and society as a whole by engaging seriously with their voices through greater person-to-person communication. Become a company that is widely trusted by, resonates and coexists with society. Resonance and Coexistence 16 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability
from the CEO | TThhee SSUUBBAARRUU GGrroouupp’’ss
SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Environment Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Six Priority Areas for CSR: Basic Concepts and Vision for 2025
Six Priority Areas for CSR Basic Concepts Vision for 2025 TOPICS
SUBARU believes that a car is more than just a means of transport.
SUBARU will foster a sustainable mobility culture by providing Become a company
People-oriented Car customers with added value in the form of products and services that enriches People-oriented
Culture which make the car a partner that enriches people’s lives and people’s lives and Car Culture
minds, while cherishing the human emotions of “Enjoyment and minds as a partner.
Peace of Mind.”
Become a company
SUBARU will become a company that is trusted by, and resonates that is widely
Resonance and and coexists with, both individual customers and society as a trusted by, Resonance and
Coexistence whole by engaging seriously with their voices through greater resonates and Coexistence
person-to-person communication. coexists with
society.
Become a company
that provides the
SUBARU will become a company that provides all stakeholders with
Peace of Mind utmost peace of Peace of Mind
the utmost peace of mind.
mind to all
stakeholders.
Promote
businesses that
The SUBARU Group’s approach to promoting diversity has two key create diverse
elements: offering products that respect diverse forms of market forms of market
Diversity Diversity
value, and respecting and reflecting the diverse values of all those value while
who work for the SUBARU Group. respecting the
diverse values of all
people.
Cherish and protect
the global
In order to pass on “the earth, the sky and nature,” SUBARU’s fields environment—the
Environment of business, to future generations, we provide utmost care to the earth, the sky and Environment
environment with our company-wide activities. nature—through
[TABLE] Six Priority Areas for CSR | Basic Concepts | Vision for 2025 | TOPICS
[TABLE] People-oriented Car
Culture | SUBARU believes that a car is more than just a means of transport.
SUBARU will foster a sustainable mobility culture by providing
customers with added value in the form of products and services
which make the car a partner that enriches people’s lives and
minds, while cherishing the human emotions of “Enjoyment and
Peace of Mind.” | Become a company
that enriches
people’s lives and
minds as a partner. | People-oriented
Car Culture
[TABLE] Resonance and
Coexistence | SUBARU will become a company that is trusted by, and resonates
and coexists with, both individual customers and society as a
whole by engaging seriously with their voices through greater
person-to-person communication. | Become a company
that is widely
trusted by,
resonates and
coexists with
society. | Resonance and
Coexistence
[TABLE] Peace of Mind | SUBARU will become a company that provides all stakeholders with
the utmost peace of mind. | Become a company
that provides the
utmost peace of
mind to all
stakeholders. | Peace of Mind
[TABLE] Diversity | The SUBARU Group’s approach to promoting diversity has two key
elements: offering products that respect diverse forms of market
value, and respecting and reflecting the diverse values of all those
who work for the SUBARU Group. | Promote
businesses that
create diverse
forms of market
value while
respecting the
diverse values of all
people. | Diversity
[TABLE] Environment | In order to pass on “the earth, the sky and nature,” SUBARU’s fields
of business, to future generations, we provide utmost care to the
environment with our company-wide activities. | Cherish and protect
the global
environment—the
earth, the sky and
nature—through | Environment
[TABLE] Group-wide
activities.
[TABLE] Compliance | SUBARU will become a company that operates in accordance with
laws, regulations, and social norms, ensuring that our focus on
compliance as a priority permeates throughout and is practiced by
all those who work for the SUBARU Group. | Act in good faith
and become a
company that is
trusted by and
resonates with
society. | Compliance

[PAGE 17]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Act ivit i e s i n t h e S ix P r i o r i t y Areas for CSR in Relation to the SDG s The SUBARU Group seeks to become an organization that is trusted by society by fulfilling its social responsibility as a corporate group, aiming for sustainable growth and contributing to the creation of an enjoyable and sustainable society. The Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) for 2030 are development goals for achieving a sustainable future. By clarifying the Vision for 2025 regarding the Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR, including areas in which we can engage the community by leveraging our business strengths, and areas related to the demands of society, SUBARU will reinforce its efforts in each area and make positive contributions toward achieving the SDGs. Specifically, we believe that the SUBARU Group’s initiative to achieve a goal of zero fatal traffic accidents by 2030 contributes to Target 3.6 of the SDGs: “By 2020, halve the number of global deaths and injuries from road traffic accidents.” The SUBARU Group will continue to contribute to the achievement of the SDGs by leveraging its business strengths and responding to the demands of society while pursuing value creation unique to the SUBARU Group. * Reducing to zero the number of fatal accidents occurring while a driver or passenger in a SUBARU vehicle and the number of fatalities among pedestrians, cyclists, and the like arising from collisions with a SUBARU vehicle. People-oriented Car Culture Resonance and Coexistence Activities in the Six Priority Areas for CSR in Relation to SDGs * 17 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability
Contents
from the CEO | TThhee SSUUBBAARRUU GGrroouupp’’ss
SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Environment Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Activities in the Six Priority Areas for CSR in Relation to
SDGs
[TABLE] Activities in the Six Priority Areas for CSR in Relation to the SDGs
The SUBARU Group seeks to become an organization that is trusted by society by fulfilling its social responsibility as a
corporate group, aiming for sustainable growth and contributing to the creation of an enjoyable and sustainable society. The
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) for 2030 are development goals for achieving a sustainable future. By clarifying the
Vision for 2025 regarding the Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR, including areas in which we can engage the community by
leveraging our business strengths, and areas related to the demands of society, SUBARU will reinforce its efforts in each area
and make positive contributions toward achieving the SDGs.
Specifically, we believe that the SUBARU Group’s initiative to achieve a goal of zero fatal traffic accidents* by 2030 contributes
to Target 3.6 of the SDGs: “By 2020, halve the number of global deaths and injuries from road traffic accidents.” The SUBARU
Group will continue to contribute to the achievement of the SDGs by leveraging its business strengths and responding to the
demands of society while pursuing value creation unique to the SUBARU Group.
* Reducing to zero the number of fatal accidents occurring while a driver or passenger in a SUBARU vehicle and the number of fatalities
among pedestrians, cyclists, and the like arising from collisions with a SUBARU vehicle.
People-oriented Car Culture
Resonance and Coexistence
17

[PAGE 18]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Peace of Mind Diversity 18 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability
from the CEO | TThhee SSUUBBAARRUU GGrroouupp’’ss
SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Environment Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Peace of Mind
Diversity
18

[PAGE 19]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Compliance * Development of products (vehicles) is based on a premise that they are equipped with the latest technologies yet affordably priced at the same time. Environment 19 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Mes | sage on Sustainability
from the CEO | TThhee SSUUBBAARRUU GGrroouupp’’ss
SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy | GRI Content Index/ SUBA
Environment Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustai | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] RU C
nabilit
[TABLE] Environment
Compliance
* Development of products (vehicles) is based on a premise that they are equipped with the latest technologies yet affordably priced at the
same time. | Environment

[PAGE 20]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability W h y It Is Important to Us The SUBARU Group has contributed to increasing customers’ options by respecting people’s diverse values and offering distinctive products tailored to diverse forms of market value. We believe that a car is more than just a means of transport, but rather a partner that enriches people’s lives by understanding and meeting their expectations. “Delivering Happiness to All” Continuing to cherish the human emotions of “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” experienced by each and every one of our customers, the SUBARU Group will develop and popularize a car culture that gives people the starring role by linking cars to changes in people’s lifestyles and life stages. C o n t i nu o u s ly Evolving SUBARU-ness E l e c t r i f i c a t i o n o f C a r s O f f e r s a n O p p o r t u n i t y t o E x p r e s s SUBARU - n e s s M o r e C l e a r l y An “Unmistakably SUBARU” BEV Customers and dealerships are increasingly telling us that “SUBARU is a different kind of brand” and about the SUBARU-ness they experience from our vehicles. Today, SUBARU is focusing its efforts on evolving SUBARU-ness, further enhancing its corporate distinctiveness to truly become a brand that is “different” from others for its customers. A prominent example is SUBARU’s first global BEV, the SOLTERRA, which launched in 2022. This newly designed EV platform, based on the SUBARU Global Platform concept offering a quieter, more comfortable ride, provides greater strength and rigidity than ever before and improved handling stability. In addition, by placing a large-capacity battery under the floor of the platform, we achieve a low center of gravity. Plus, the compact and highly efficient eAxle power unit offers excellent axle response and agile acceleration performance, resulting in a powerful and smooth driving performance unique to BEVs. The capabilities of our all-wheel drive (AWD) technology cultivated over many years are also on full display in the SOLTERRA BEV. It employs a new AWD system using separate motors to drive the front and rear tires, quickly and precisely distributing driving force. We have poured our expertise from SUBARU vehicles into these control mechanisms. As a result, we have succeeded in taking SUBARU’s unique value of stable driving unaffected by road and driving conditions to a new level. At prototype test drive events held for media and journalists in Japan, the U.S., and Europe, we were able to help many people see firsthand that this electric motor AWD and other features are very much in keeping with our SUBARU-ness. SUBARU’s philosophy that the car is a partner that enriches people’s lives by understanding and meeting their expectations, and that we should deliver “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” to each of our customers, remains unchanged with BEVs. Rather, we see the electrification of cars as an opportunity to express SUBARU-ness more clearly. We at SUBARU believe that while we must of course respond to market and regulatory changes, the most important thing for our focus is advancing electrification while assessing the changing demands and values of our customers and the convenience of BEVs, including with regard to SUBARU Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR TOPIC: People-oriented Car Culture *1 TOPIC 01 Six Priority Areas for CSR People-oriented Car Culture Become a company that enriches Become a company that enriches Become a company that enriches people’s lives and minds as a partner. people’s lives and minds as a partner. people’s lives and minds as a partner. 20 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability
Contents
from the CEO | TThhee SSUUBBAARRUU GGrroouupp’’ss
SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Environment Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] SUBARU Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR TOPIC:
People-oriented(cid:32) Car(cid:32) Culture
[TABLE] TOPIC 01
Six Priority Areas for CSR People-oriented Car Culture
BBBeeecccooommmeee aaa cccooommmpppaaannnyyy ttthhhaaattt eeennnrrriiiccchhheeesss
pppeeeooopppllleee’’’sss llliiivvveeesss aaannnddd mmmiiinnndddsss aaasss aaa pppaaarrrtttnnneeerrr...
[TABLE] Why It Is Important to Us
The SUBARU Group has contributed to increasing customers’ options by respecting people’s diverse values and offering
distinctive products tailored to diverse forms of market value.
We believe that a car is more than just a means of transport, but rather a partner that enriches people’s lives by
understanding and meeting their expectations.
“Delivering Happiness to All”
Continuing to cherish the human emotions of “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” experienced by each and every one of our
customers, the SUBARU Group will develop and popularize a car culture that gives people the starring role by linking cars to
changes in people’s lifestyles and life stages.
[TABLE] Continuously Evolving SUBARU-ness
Electrification of Cars Offers an Opportunity to Express SUBARU-ness More Clearly
An “Unmistakably SUBARU” BEV
Customers and dealerships are increasingly telling us that “SUBARU is a different kind of brand” and about the SUBARU-ness
they experience from our vehicles. Today, SUBARU is focusing its efforts on evolving SUBARU-ness, further enhancing its
corporate distinctiveness to truly become a brand that is “different” from others for its customers.
A prominent example is SUBARU’s first global BEV,*1 the SOLTERRA, which launched in 2022. This newly designed EV platform,
based on the SUBARU Global Platform concept offering a quieter, more comfortable ride, provides greater strength and
rigidity than ever before and improved handling stability. In addition, by placing a large-capacity battery under the floor of
the platform, we achieve a low center of gravity. Plus, the compact and highly efficient eAxle power unit offers excellent axle
response and agile acceleration performance, resulting in a powerful and smooth driving performance unique to BEVs. The
capabilities of our all-wheel drive (AWD) technology cultivated over many years are also on full display in the SOLTERRA BEV.
It employs a new AWD system using separate motors to drive the front and rear tires, quickly and precisely distributing
driving force. We have poured our expertise from SUBARU vehicles into these control mechanisms. As a result, we have
succeeded in taking SUBARU’s unique value of stable driving unaffected by road and driving conditions to a new level. At
prototype test drive events held for media and journalists in Japan, the U.S., and Europe, we were able to help many people
see firsthand that this electric motor AWD and other features are very much in keeping with our SUBARU-ness.
SUBARU’s philosophy that the car is a partner that enriches people’s lives by understanding and meeting their expectations,
and that we should deliver “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” to each of our customers, remains unchanged with BEVs. Rather,
we see the electrification of cars as an opportunity to express SUBARU-ness more clearly. We at SUBARU believe that while we
must of course respond to market and regulatory changes, the most important thing for our focus is advancing electrification
while assessing the changing demands and values of our customers and the convenience of BEVs, including with regard to
20
[TABLE] BBBeeecccooommmeee aaa cccooommmpppaaannnyyy ttthhhaaattt eeennnrrriiiccchhheeesss
[TABLE] pppeeeooopppllleee’’’sss llliiivvveeesss aaannnddd mmmiiinnndddsss aaasss aaa pppaaarrrtttnnneeerrr...

[PAGE 21]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability infrastructure. Based on this concept, we will continue to build a system for developing products that will bring happiness to our customers and to build a flexible production system that incorporates the state of the market environment. *1 BEV: Battery electric vehicle SOLTERRA AWD Technology Continues Its Evolution in EVs SUBARU’s first vehicle equipped with AWD technology was the Leone 4WD Estate Van, the first all-wheel drive passenger vehicle made in Japan, launched in September 1972. In June 2021—49 years later—the cumulative production of AWD vehicles reached 20 million units . Currently, AWD vehicles account for 98% of global SUBARU vehicles sold. All of these are SUBARU’s unique symmetrical AWD vehicles featuring horizontally-opposed engines. We have refined AWD over the past half century as a core technology underpinning SUBARU’s approach to safety and driving pleasure, and we are continuing our efforts to improve the technologies and performance of EVs. For example, models equipped with e-BOXER being rolled out in Japan and other regions around the world take advantage of the high responsiveness of the electric motor. With the resulting precision of AWD control, we have achieved even greater stability on slippery surfaces and rough-road capability. In addition, we plan to further enhance the driving performance of strong hybrid vehicles scheduled for launch in the mid-2020s by harmonizing electric motors and AWD control. SUBARU aims to be not only a provider of technologies and products, like cars and aircraft, but also a company “delivering happiness to all.” Regardless of the era, we want to maintain a people orientation, thoroughly thinking about what is important to people who use cars and being a good partner sincerely addressing our customers through our products and services. Looking ahead, we at SUBARU will continue to provide the added value that only “different” cars can offer to our customers, the people who have made us a brand unlike any other. *2 Including non-symmetrical AWD vehicles. *3 Based on sales data from 2018 to 2020 (calendar years). Excludes OEM vehicles from other companies. *4 e-BOXER: SUBARU’s unique power unit that combines a horizontally-opposed engine and electrification technology. Based on a symmetrical AWD layout, a compact, high-performance motor and lithium-ion battery are arranged symmetrically and in a straight line (Chinese specification units are called “INTELLIGENT BOXER”). *2 *3 *4 21 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability
from the CEO | TThhee SSUUBBAARRUU GGrroouupp’’ss
SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Environment Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] infrastructure. Based on this concept, we will continue to build a system for developing products that will bring happiness to
our customers and to build a flexible production system that incorporates the state of the market environment.
*1 BEV: Battery electric vehicle
SOLTERRA
AWD Technology Continues Its Evolution in EVs
SUBARU’s first vehicle equipped with AWD technology was the Leone 4WD Estate Van, the first all-wheel drive passenger
vehicle made in Japan, launched in September 1972. In June 2021—49 years later—the cumulative production of AWD vehicles
reached 20 million units*2. Currently, AWD vehicles account for 98%*3 of global SUBARU vehicles sold. All of these are
SUBARU’s unique symmetrical AWD vehicles featuring horizontally-opposed engines.
We have refined AWD over the past half century as a core technology underpinning SUBARU’s approach to safety and driving
pleasure, and we are continuing our efforts to improve the technologies and performance of EVs. For example, models
equipped with e-BOXER*4 being rolled out in Japan and other regions around the world take advantage of the high
responsiveness of the electric motor. With the resulting precision of AWD control, we have achieved even greater stability on
slippery surfaces and rough-road capability. In addition, we plan to further enhance the driving performance of strong hybrid
vehicles scheduled for launch in the mid-2020s by harmonizing electric motors and AWD control.
SUBARU aims to be not only a provider of technologies and products, like cars and aircraft, but also a company “delivering
happiness to all.” Regardless of the era, we want to maintain a people orientation, thoroughly thinking about what is
important to people who use cars and being a good partner sincerely addressing our customers through our products and
services.
Looking ahead, we at SUBARU will continue to provide the added value that only “different” cars can offer to our customers,
the people who have made us a brand unlike any other.
*2 Including non-symmetrical AWD vehicles.
*3 Based on sales data from 2018 to 2020 (calendar years). Excludes OEM vehicles from other companies.
*4 e-BOXER: SUBARU’s unique power unit that combines a horizontally-opposed engine and electrification technology. Based on a
symmetrical AWD layout, a compact, high-performance motor and lithium-ion battery are arranged symmetrically and in a straight line
(Chinese specification units are called “INTELLIGENT BOXER”).

[PAGE 22]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability W h y It Is Important to Us At SUBARU, when it comes to our business activities, we regard customers and local communities as some of our most important stakeholders. Over the years, SUBARU has been sustained not only by our own efforts to put the customer first but also by the efforts of many people in the communities where we do business. SUBARU will form communities of resonance and coexistence to secure our sustainable growth as a company through routine communication, ensuring that our products and services resonate with and are trusted by our customers, and that SUBARU’s corporate activities resonate with and are trusted by the local communities in which they take place. We wi ll p ro m o t e t h e SUBARU-ness of Resonance and Coex is tence by s i n c ere l y a d d ressing the views of society W e w i l l w o r k a l o n g s i d e o u r c o m m u n i t i e s t o b e a SUBARUG r o u p t h a t i s t r u s t e d b y a n d r e s o n a t e s a n d c o e x i s t s w i t h s o c i e t y Initiatives in Japan At SUBARU, we believe that it is only with the understanding and cooperation of the local communities where our offices and plants are located that we can continue to conduct our business activities embodying SUBARU-ness. Based on this concept, we at SUBARU will contribute to local communities by maintaining daily communication and close cooperation with our customers and those in our local communities to create the society of the future. Communication with Our Communities The area around the Main Plant of SUBARU’s Gunma Plant, located in Ota City, Gunma Prefecture, is called “SUBARU Town.” This is not just a nickname, but the official name of the area as recognized by Ota City. This truly shows the deep relationship between Ota’s residents and SUBARU. At the Gunma Plant, we send representatives to town council member homes every month to exchange information, including explaining SUBARU’s current situation and its environmental activities. In the event of potential noise or vibration caused by construction work, we work to make neighbors aware of the situation in advance, visiting their homes to provide explanations and issuing postings in the area. Furthermore, we welcome general visitors to factory tours at the Gunma Plant, particularly as part of elementary school field trip programs. In FYE March 2022, as a countermeasure amid the COVID-19 pandemic, we conducted online factory tours with remote participation from over 30,000 children from elementary schools in various regions, mainly Kanto. Children were able to learn about SUBARU’s automotive manufacturing through videos. These videos offered a view into our processes they could not get from an in-person tour, earning praise. SUBARU Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR TOPIC: Resonance and Coexistence TOPIC 02 Six Priority Areas for CSR Resonance and Coexistence Become a company that is widely trusted by, Become a company that is widely trusted by, Become a company that is widely trusted by, resonates and coexists with society. resonates and coexists with society. resonates and coexists with society. 22 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability
Contents
from the CEO | TThhee SSUUBBAARRUU GGrroouupp’’ss
SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Environment Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] SUBARU Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR TOPIC:
Resonance and Coexistence
[TABLE] TOPIC 02
Six Priority Areas for CSR Resonance and Coexistence
BBBeeecccooommmeee aaa cccooommmpppaaannnyyy ttthhhaaattt iiisss wwwiiidddeeelllyyy tttrrruuusssttteeeddd bbbyyy,,,
rrreeesssooonnnaaattteeesss aaannnddd cccoooeeexxxiiissstttsss wwwiiittthhh sssoooccciiieeetttyyy...
[TABLE] Why It Is Important to Us
At SUBARU, when it comes to our business activities, we regard customers and local communities as some of our most
important stakeholders.
Over the years, SUBARU has been sustained not only by our own efforts to put the customer first but also by the efforts of
many people in the communities where we do business.
SUBARU will form communities of resonance and coexistence to secure our sustainable growth as a company through routine
communication, ensuring that our products and services resonate with and are trusted by our customers, and that SUBARU’s
corporate activities resonate with and are trusted by the local communities in which they take place.
[TABLE] We will promote the SUBARU-ness of Resonance and Coexistence by
sincerely addressing the views of society
We will work alongside our communities to be a SUBARU Group that is trusted by and resonates
and coexists with society
Initiatives in Japan
At SUBARU, we believe that it is only with the understanding and cooperation of the local communities where our offices and
plants are located that we can continue to conduct our business activities embodying SUBARU-ness. Based on this concept,
we at SUBARU will contribute to local communities by maintaining daily communication and close cooperation with our
customers and those in our local communities to create the society of the future.
Communication with Our Communities
The area around the Main Plant of SUBARU’s Gunma Plant, located in Ota City, Gunma Prefecture, is called “SUBARU Town.”
This is not just a nickname, but the official name of the area as recognized by Ota City. This truly shows the deep relationship
between Ota’s residents and SUBARU. At the Gunma Plant, we send representatives to town council member homes every
month to exchange information, including explaining SUBARU’s current situation and its environmental activities. In the event
of potential noise or vibration caused by construction work, we work to make neighbors aware of the situation in advance,
visiting their homes to provide explanations and issuing postings in the area. Furthermore, we welcome general visitors to
factory tours at the Gunma Plant, particularly as part of elementary school field trip programs. In FYE March 2022, as a
countermeasure amid the COVID-19 pandemic, we conducted online factory tours with remote participation from over 30,000
children from elementary schools in various regions, mainly Kanto. Children were able to learn about SUBARU’s automotive
manufacturing through videos. These videos offered a view into our processes they could not get from an in-person tour,
earning praise.
22
[TABLE] BBBeeecccooommmeee aaa cccooommmpppaaannnyyy ttthhhaaattt iiisss wwwiiidddeeelllyyy tttrrruuusssttteeeddd bbbyyy,,,
[TABLE] rrreeesssooonnnaaattteeesss aaannnddd cccoooeeexxxiiissstttsss wwwiiittthhh sssoooccciiieeetttyyy...

[PAGE 23]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability SUBARU employees engage in a variety of community engagement initiatives, one of which is regular cleanups in districts where our offices and plants are located. In FYE March 2022, due to the spread of COVID-19, these events were either canceled or held while reducing the scope with the utmost consideration for preventing the spread of the virus. At the Utsunomiya Plant, we continued our previous fiscal year’s activities, picking up garbage and conducting cleanup activities at the employee dormitory and surrounding areas. Looking ahead, as a responsible community member, we will continue with these beautification activities to help conserve local environments. SUBARU is also involved in local road traffic safety awareness activities. In December 2021, the SUBARU baseball team, together with a professional basketball team based in Ota City, Gunma Prefecture, conducted traffic safety awareness activities with the cooperation of Tobu Railway and the Ota Police Station. At Ota Station, under the theme that walking while using a smartphone is dangerous, they greeted commuters, calling on better road safety. Employees engaged in cleanup activities (Utsunomiya Plant) The SUBARU baseball team, the Gunma Crane Thunders, and Ota Station staff In addition, we maintain disaster supplies at our Head Office and plants as a countermeasure in the event of a disaster. Of these, we provide emergency-use food supplies that are to expire within a certain period to food banks in neighboring areas as part of our activities for community coexistence and engagement. Employee-driven Social Contribution Initiatives Initiatives in the U.S. Subaru of America, Inc. (SOA) views sustainability of society and of our SUBARU Group as showing love and respect to our stakeholders and acting accordingly. In SOA’s vision to achieve this, The SUBARU Love Promise, they aim to become more than a car company. Here, SOA strives to earn the trust of its stakeholders by following through on its five promises, showing integrity and compassion with the goal of exceeding their expectations. The Five Promises Collaborative Activities in SOA’s Hometown of Camden In the U.S. city of Camden, in western New Jersey, SOA has built positive relationships with those in the local community, growing alongside them for 30 years. Today, in addition to supporting Camden through Subaru of America Foundation, Inc., which was established in 1984, SOA is regularly engaged in volunteer activities through various partnerships as it works with the community to resolve challenges for its future. SOA is proud to be a member of this community and will continue to work to support Camden. SOA and the SOA Foundation’s Impact in Camden in 2021 $1,054,000 donated to Camden charitable organizations $5,577 donated in matching gifts by SOA colleagues 2,718 hours volunteered by SOA employees in Camden 23 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability
from the CEO | TThhee SSUUBBAARRUU GGrroouupp’’ss
SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Environment Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] In addition, we maintain disaster supplies at our Head Office and plants as a countermeasure in the event of a disaster. Of
these, we provide emergency-use food supplies that are to expire within a certain period to food banks in neighboring areas
as part of our activities for community coexistence and engagement.
Employee-driven Social Contribution Initiatives
SUBARU employees engage in a variety of community
engagement initiatives, one of which is regular cleanups in
districts where our offices and plants are located. In FYE March
2022, due to the spread of COVID-19, these events were either
canceled or held while reducing the scope with the utmost
consideration for preventing the spread of the virus. At the
Utsunomiya Plant, we continued our previous fiscal year’s
Employees engaged in cleanup activities (Utsunomiya Plant)
activities, picking up garbage and conducting cleanup activities
at the employee dormitory and surrounding areas. Looking
ahead, as a responsible community member, we will continue
with these beautification activities to help conserve local
environments.
SUBARU is also involved in local road traffic safety awareness
activities. In December 2021, the SUBARU baseball team,
together with a professional basketball team based in Ota City, The SUBARU baseball team, the Gunma Crane Thunders, and Ota
Station staff
Gunma Prefecture, conducted traffic safety awareness activities
with the cooperation of Tobu Railway and the Ota Police Station.
At Ota Station, under the theme that walking while using a
smartphone is dangerous, they greeted commuters, calling on
better road safety.
Initiatives in the U.S.
Subaru of America, Inc. (SOA) views sustainability of society and of our SUBARU Group as showing love and respect to our
stakeholders and acting accordingly. In SOA’s vision to achieve this, The SUBARU Love Promise, they aim to become more than
a car company. Here, SOA strives to earn the trust of its stakeholders by following through on its five promises, showing
integrity and compassion with the goal of exceeding their expectations.
The Five Promises
Collaborative Activities in SOA’s Hometown of Camden
In the U.S. city of Camden, in western New Jersey, SOA has built positive relationships with those in the local community,
growing alongside them for 30 years. Today, in addition to supporting Camden through Subaru of America Foundation, Inc.,
which was established in 1984, SOA is regularly engaged in volunteer activities through various partnerships as it works with
the community to resolve challenges for its future. SOA is proud to be a member of this community and will continue to work
to support Camden.
SOA and the SOA Foundation’s Impact in Camden in 2021
$1,054,000 donated to Camden charitable organizations
$5,577 donated in matching gifts by SOA colleagues
2,718 hours volunteered by SOA employees in Camden
23

[PAGE 24]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability generations in Camden. The program is expected to place more than 100 applicants for jobs. In addition, their partnership with Girls, Inc. to provide education, support, counseling, and mentoring to girls and women aged 6–18 in Camden provides support programs to more than 2,000 women a year. Furthermore, they partner with Cathedral Kitchen, whose mission is to change lives through food. In this partnership, they support the organization’s job training program, which aims to create food service jobs for students through cooking classes and other programs. Initiatives for Educational Institutions In 2021, SOA and the SOA Foundation partnered with Discovery Education to support an online curriculum for teachers. During the outbreak of COVID-19, teachers took advantage of capability-building programs to incorporate new digital resources into their lessons, providing more than 7,000 Camden students with the opportunity to learn with high-quality digital content. Initiatives with Local NPOs SOA and the SOA Foundation have provided support to Hopeworks for 17 years. Through this long-term partnership, they have donated grant funds for Hopeworks to expand its technical skills lectures and employment programs for the younger 24 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability
from the CEO | TThhee SSUUBBAARRUU GGrroouupp’’ss
SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Environment Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Initiatives with Local NPOs
SOA and the SOA Foundation have provided support to Hopeworks for 17 years. Through this long-term partnership, they
have donated grant funds for Hopeworks to expand its technical skills lectures and employment programs for the younger
generations in Camden. The program is expected to place more than 100 applicants for jobs. In addition, their partnership
with Girls, Inc. to provide education, support, counseling, and mentoring to girls and women aged 6–18 in Camden provides
support programs to more than 2,000 women a year. Furthermore, they partner with Cathedral Kitchen, whose mission is to
change lives through food. In this partnership, they support the organization’s job training program, which aims to create
food service jobs for students through cooking classes and other programs.
Initiatives for Educational Institutions
In 2021, SOA and the SOA Foundation partnered with Discovery Education to support an online curriculum for teachers.
During the outbreak of COVID-19, teachers took advantage of capability-building programs to incorporate new digital
resources into their lessons, providing more than 7,000 Camden students with the opportunity to learn with high-quality
digital content.

[PAGE 25]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability SUBARU is constantly evolving its preventive and passive safety performance in order to deliver utmost peace of mind. In the pursuit of preventive safety performance, we have further evolved SUBARU’s unique EyeSight driving support system, which prevents accidents before they happen. The next-generation EyeSight released in 2020 further evolves the conventional recognition and control using stereo cameras, providing more advanced driving assistance in all situations. These stereo cameras always monitor the situation ahead, and can measure distance in the same way as the human eye. They can also distinguish between cars, pedestrians, and road lines. The system boasts high recognition performance with its wide viewing angle and viewing distance as well as color recognition capable of recognizing brake lights. The software, which functions as the “brain” of the system, takes this information and the state of the vehicle’s operation to determine the necessary controls, enabling the execution of these in a manner that fits the situation like the “hands and feet” of each vehicle unit. This technology utilizes information such as the Quasi- Achieving a new dimension of advanced safety technology with EyeSight X 2022 SUBARU BRZ (U.S.- specification model) 2022 Forester (U.S.- specification model) W h y It Is Imp ortant to Us SUBARU will deliver the peace of mind that cars must offer by manufacturing vehicles and providing associated services. SUBARU will tirelessly review all quality-related processes in our aim to be the No. 1 company for quality, whose products customers can rely on for a long period. Attaching particular importance to protecting lives, SUBARU will work to achieve the goal of zero fatal traffic accidents by 2030. In addition, we must ensure that the local communities where our plants are based know that they can rely on SUBARU to offer peace of mind in our manufacturing operations. Creating safe workplace environments that offer all SUBARU Group workers peace of mind is also essential. Furthermore, SUBARU will contribute to resolving the problem of traffic accidents and other social issues associated with cars. SUBARU will aspire to become a company that provides customers, local communities, employees, and all other stakeholders with the utmost peace of mind. * Reducing to zero the number of fatal accidents occurring while a driver or passenger in a SUBARU and the number of fatalities among pedestrians, cyclists, and the like arising from collisions with a SUBARU vehicle. Delive r i n g u t m o st p e a c e of mind and enjoyment by executing quality e n h a n c e me n t a nd imp roving safety performance levels C r e a t i n g a f u t u r e w i t h z e r o f a t a l t r a f f i c a c c i d e n t s w i t h SUBARU ’ s u n i q u e t e c h n o l o g i e s a n d q u a l i t y Further Evolution of Preventive and Passive Safety Performance * TOPIC 03 Six Priority Areas for CSR Peace of Mind Become a company that provides Become a company that provides Become a company that provides the utmost peace of mind to all stakeholders. the utmost peace of mind to all stakeholders. the utmost peace of mind to all stakeholders. SUBARU Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR TOPIC: Peace of Mind 25 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability
Contents
from the CEO | TThhee SSUUBBAARRUU GGrroouupp’’ss
SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Environment Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] SUBARU Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR TOPIC:
Peace of Mind
[TABLE] TOPIC 03
Six Priority Areas for CSR Peace of Mind
BBBeeecccooommmeee aaa cccooommmpppaaannnyyy ttthhhaaattt ppprrrooovvviiidddeeesss
ttthhheee uuutttmmmooosssttt pppeeeaaaccceee ooofff mmmiiinnnddd tttooo aaallllll ssstttaaakkkeeehhhooollldddeeerrrsss...
[TABLE] Why It Is Important to Us
SUBARU will deliver the peace of mind that cars must offer by manufacturing vehicles and providing associated services.
SUBARU will tirelessly review all quality-related processes in our aim to be the No. 1 company for quality, whose products
customers can rely on for a long period. Attaching particular importance to protecting lives, SUBARU will work to achieve the
goal of zero fatal traffic accidents* by 2030. In addition, we must ensure that the local communities where our plants are
based know that they can rely on SUBARU to offer peace of mind in our manufacturing operations. Creating safe workplace
environments that offer all SUBARU Group workers peace of mind is also essential. Furthermore, SUBARU will contribute to
resolving the problem of traffic accidents and other social issues associated with cars.
SUBARU will aspire to become a company that provides customers, local communities, employees, and all other stakeholders
with the utmost peace of mind.
* Reducing to zero the number of fatal accidents occurring while a driver or passenger in a SUBARU and the number of fatalities among
pedestrians, cyclists, and the like arising from collisions with a SUBARU vehicle.
[TABLE] Delivering utmost peace of mind and enjoyment by executing
quality enhancement and improving safety performance levels
Creating a future with zero fatal traffic accidents with SUBARU’s unique technologies and quality
Further Evolution of Preventive and Passive Safety Performance
SUBARU is constantly evolving its preventive and passive safety
performance in order to deliver utmost peace of mind. In the pursuit
of preventive safety performance, we have further evolved SUBARU’s
unique EyeSight driving support system, which prevents accidents
before they happen. The next-generation EyeSight released in 2020
further evolves the conventional recognition and control using stereo Achieving a new dimension of advanced safety technology
cameras, providing more advanced driving assistance in all situations. with EyeSight X
These stereo cameras always monitor the situation ahead, and can
measure distance in the same way as the human eye. They can also
distinguish between cars, pedestrians, and road lines. The system
boasts high recognition performance with its wide viewing angle and
viewing distance as well as color recognition capable of recognizing
brake lights. The software, which functions as the “brain” of the
system, takes this information and the state of the vehicle’s operation 2022 SUBARU BRZ (U.S.- 2022 Forester (U.S.-
specification model) specification model)
to determine the necessary controls, enabling the execution of these
in a manner that fits the situation like the “hands and feet” of each
vehicle unit. This technology utilizes information such as the Quasi-
25
[TABLE] BBBeeecccooommmeee aaa cccooommmpppaaannnyyy ttthhhaaattt ppprrrooovvviiidddeeesss
[TABLE] ttthhheee uuutttmmmooosssttt pppeeeaaaccceee ooofff mmmiiinnnddd tttooo aaallllll ssstttaaakkkeeehhhooollldddeeerrrsss...

[PAGE 26]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Zenith Satellite System known as Michibiki, GPS, and 3D high- precision map data to strengthen driver assist system functionality. In 2022, we have added a new wide-angle monocular camera, and the information recognized by each camera will be processed in a coordinated manner to help avoid collisions with crossing bicycles and pedestrians. SUBARU’s unique EyeSight X advanced safety technology achieves a new dimension, bringing us one large step closer to the future of zero fatal traffic accidents. Furthermore, SUBARU is promoting multifaceted efforts to develop technologies for passive safety performance in order to achieve the goal of zero fatal traffic accidents by 2030. The SUBARU Global Platform has brought about driving dynamics lending enjoyment to operating its vehicles. This has been achieved by top-class passive safety performance as well as driving quality achieving new levels of comfort and maneuverability and top-class vibration reduction thanks to stability, as well as low noise. The new high-rigidity Ring-Shaped Reinforcement Frame provides high collision absorption performance against impacts from any direction. Dual SRS airbags, in combination with seat belts, mitigate harm to those in the front seats. In addition, SUBARU vehicles feature SRS side airbags and SRS curtain airbags to guard against side impacts. SUBARU’s passive safety performance, which considers not only the driver and passengers but also pedestrians, has earned high evaluations around the world. This preventive and passive safety performance unique to SUBARU has been highly acclaimed by external organizations. In the U.S.-based IIHS’s 2022 publication of vehicle safety information, the 2022 SUBARU BRZ (with optional EyeSight) and Forester (both U.S.- specification models) received the TOP SAFETY PICK+ (TSP+) Award, the highest rating. The SUBARU BRZ, newly equipped with EyeSight as standard equipment on models with the 6-speed automatic transmission, earned this highest rating for the first time. The Forester also received the highest rating in all evaluation criteria. With the SUBARU BRZ and Forester winning this year’s awards, the total number of SUBARU models that have received the TSP+ award is now six. Illustration of airbag coverage The Legacy Outback received the JNCAP Five Star Vehicle Safety Performance 2021 Award Models Acquiring Top Safety Pick+ for 2022 (U.S.-specification Models) Furthermore, in Japan, the Legacy Outback received the Five Star Vehicle Safety Performance 2021 Award from JNCAP . This is the second consecutive year that we have received this award, following last year’s win by the Levorg. SUBARU believes that the enjoyment of a car is supported by the peace of mind it offers, and that a safe and reliable car allows customers to experience the joy of driving, transportation, and life with a car itself. Going forward, we aim to achieve the goal of zero fatal traffic accidents by 2030 while pursuing the world’s highest standard of safety and peace of mind in all situations by integrating advanced sensing technologies, the judgment capability of AI, and connected safety. *1 Reducing to zero the number of fatal accidents occurring while a driver or passenger in a SUBARU and the number of fatalities among pedestrians, cyclists, and the like arising from collisions with a SUBARU vehicle. *2 IIHS: Insurance Institute for Highway Safety *3 Name in Japan: SUBARU XV *4 Japan New Car Assessment Program ( JNCAP): An automotive assessment program operated by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism and the National Agency for Automotive Safety and Victims’ Aid (NASVA) to compare and evaluate automobile safety performance. The Legacy Outback received the highest score in the overall assessment for passive safety performance and preventive safety performance in 2021. *1 *2 SUBARU BRZ (EyeSight-equipped vehicles): First TSP+ acquisition ・ Forester: Acquired TSP rank or above for 16 consecutive years ・ Crosstrek Hybrid: Acquired TSP+ rank for 4 consecutive years ・ *3 Legacy: Acquired TSP rank or above for 17 consecutive years ・ Outback: Acquired TSP rank or above for 14 consecutive years ・ Ascent: Acquired TSP rank or above for 5 consecutive years ・ *4 *1 26 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability
from the CEO | TThhee SSUUBBAARRUU GGrroouupp’’ss
SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Environment Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Zenith Satellite System known as Michibiki, GPS, and 3D high-
precision map data to strengthen driver assist system functionality. In
2022, we have added a new wide-angle monocular camera, and the
information recognized by each camera will be processed in a
coordinated manner to help avoid collisions with crossing bicycles and
pedestrians. SUBARU’s unique EyeSight X advanced safety technology Illustration of airbag The Legacy Outback received
coverage the JNCAP Five Star Vehicle
achieves a new dimension, bringing us one large step closer to the
Safety Performance 2021
future of zero fatal traffic accidents. Award
Furthermore, SUBARU is promoting multifaceted efforts to develop
technologies for passive safety performance in order to achieve the
goal of zero fatal traffic accidents*1 by 2030. The SUBARU Global
Platform has brought about driving dynamics lending enjoyment to
operating its vehicles. This has been achieved by top-class passive
safety performance as well as driving quality achieving new levels of
comfort and maneuverability and top-class vibration reduction thanks
to stability, as well as low noise. The new high-rigidity Ring-Shaped
Reinforcement Frame provides high collision absorption performance
against impacts from any direction. Dual SRS airbags, in combination
with seat belts, mitigate harm to those in the front seats. In addition,
SUBARU vehicles feature SRS side airbags and SRS curtain airbags to
guard against side impacts. SUBARU’s passive safety performance,
which considers not only the driver and passengers but also
pedestrians, has earned high evaluations around the world.
This preventive and passive safety performance unique to SUBARU has
been highly acclaimed by external organizations. In the U.S.-based
IIHS’s*2 2022 publication of vehicle safety information, the 2022
SUBARU BRZ (with optional EyeSight) and Forester (both U.S.-
specification models) received the TOP SAFETY PICK+ (TSP+) Award,
the highest rating. The SUBARU BRZ, newly equipped with EyeSight as
standard equipment on models with the 6-speed automatic
transmission, earned this highest rating for the first time. The
Forester also received the highest rating in all evaluation criteria.
With the SUBARU BRZ and Forester winning this year’s awards, the
total number of SUBARU models that have received the TSP+ award is
now six.
Models Acquiring Top Safety Pick+ for 2022 (U.S.-specification Models)
・SUBARU BRZ (EyeSight-equipped vehicles): First TSP+ acquisition
・Forester: Acquired TSP rank or above for 16 consecutive years
・Crosstrek*3 Hybrid: Acquired TSP+ rank for 4 consecutive years
・Legacy: Acquired TSP rank or above for 17 consecutive years
・Outback: Acquired TSP rank or above for 14 consecutive years
・Ascent: Acquired TSP rank or above for 5 consecutive years
Furthermore, in Japan, the Legacy Outback received the Five Star Vehicle Safety Performance 2021 Award from JNCAP*4. This
is the second consecutive year that we have received this award, following last year’s win by the Levorg.
SUBARU believes that the enjoyment of a car is supported by the peace of mind it offers, and that a safe and reliable car
allows customers to experience the joy of driving, transportation, and life with a car itself. Going forward, we aim to achieve
the goal of zero fatal traffic accidents*1 by 2030 while pursuing the world’s highest standard of safety and peace of mind in
all situations by integrating advanced sensing technologies, the judgment capability of AI, and connected safety.
*1 Reducing to zero the number of fatal accidents occurring while a driver or passenger in a SUBARU and the number of fatalities among
pedestrians, cyclists, and the like arising from collisions with a SUBARU vehicle.
*2 IIHS: Insurance Institute for Highway Safety
*3 Name in Japan: SUBARU XV
*4 Japan New Car Assessment Program (JNCAP): An automotive assessment program operated by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure,
Transport and Tourism and the National Agency for Automotive Safety and Victims’ Aid (NASVA) to compare and evaluate automobile
safety performance. The Legacy Outback received the highest score in the overall assessment for passive safety performance and
preventive safety performance in 2021.
26

[PAGE 27]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability reinforcement of organizational efforts and structure. By redefining our goals through reviewing our Quality Policy and revamping our quality manual, and by implementing awareness activities Group-wide, we are encouraging our employees to alter their quality mindset. The second is “Execution Quality” enhancement, with the goal of preventing defects reaching the general public. In these reforms, in order to quickly resolve any defects that may have occurred in the market, we launched the quality improvement team, FAST, to strengthen our quality assurance system in the key market of North America. Furthermore, in Japan, we started operation of a new final vehicle inspection wing in FYE March 2023. In addition, we will work to improve our quality improvement response speed by establishing a QA lab to enhance our ability to investigate defects and by strengthening parts traceability. The third is “Innate Quality” enhancement, reforming the process from product planning and study to development and design. The objective is to ensure quality throughout the entire process, including in production and logistics. These activities are still at the halfway stage. However, we will pursue initiatives in this phase where we can show results from our quality enhancement initiatives, including adapting to new technologies, and we will work to achieve steady results so that we can present sufficient results to our customers and dealers. Looking ahead, by continuing to pursue quality that our customers can use with peace of mind for many years to come, we will work to realize the SUBARU Group’s goals of “delivering happiness to all” and a safe and happy car society. *5 Fast Action & Solution Team *5 A Trifecta of Quality Enhancement Approaches High quality is a key element at the root of the SUBARU brand, and is a source of added value. Therefore, we are pursuing efforts for quality enhancement as a priority in our mid-term management vision “STEP.” We are promoting quality enhancement in a trifecta of approaches, the first of which is thorough implementation of a “Quality-First” mindset and 27 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability
from the CEO | TThhee SSUUBBAARRUU GGrroouupp’’ss
SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Environment Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] A Trifecta of Quality Enhancement Approaches
High quality is a key element at the root of the SUBARU brand, and is a source of added value. Therefore, we are pursuing
efforts for quality enhancement as a priority in our mid-term management vision “STEP.” We are promoting quality
enhancement in a trifecta of approaches, the first of which is thorough implementation of a “Quality-First” mindset and
reinforcement of organizational efforts and structure. By redefining our goals through reviewing our Quality Policy and
revamping our quality manual, and by implementing awareness activities Group-wide, we are encouraging our employees to
alter their quality mindset. The second is “Execution Quality” enhancement, with the goal of preventing defects reaching the
general public. In these reforms, in order to quickly resolve any defects that may have occurred in the market, we launched
the quality improvement team, FAST,*5 to strengthen our quality assurance system in the key market of North America.
Furthermore, in Japan, we started operation of a new final vehicle inspection wing in FYE March 2023. In addition, we will
work to improve our quality improvement response speed by establishing a QA lab to enhance our ability to investigate
defects and by strengthening parts traceability. The third is “Innate Quality” enhancement, reforming the process from
product planning and study to development and design. The objective is to ensure quality throughout the entire process,
including in production and logistics. These activities are still at the halfway stage. However, we will pursue initiatives in this
phase where we can show results from our quality enhancement initiatives, including adapting to new technologies, and we
will work to achieve steady results so that we can present sufficient results to our customers and dealers. Looking ahead, by
continuing to pursue quality that our customers can use with peace of mind for many years to come, we will work to realize
the SUBARU Group’s goals of “delivering happiness to all” and a safe and happy car society.
*5 Fast Action & Solution Team

[PAGE 28]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability W h y It Is Important to Us Most companies today face social demand for diversity among their employees and diverse ways of working. SUBARU believes that continuing to offer products that contribute to increasing options for our customers and respecting diverse forms of market value will lead to sustainable growth for the company. Achieving this requires diversity of perspective among those who work for the SUBARU Group. Diversity for SUBARU therefore has two key meanings: diversity in products and diversity of employees. While pursuing diversity in products, SUBARU will promote diversity among all those who work for the SUBARU Group. Two ki nd s o f d i v e r s i ty p romoted by SUBAR U, respecting various p e r s o nal v alues and characteristics T h e d i v e r s i t y o f t h e SUBARUG r o u p ’ s t a l e n t l e a d s t o d i v e r s i t y o f p r o d u c t v a l u e Employee Diversity For each o f t he SUBARU Group ’ s emp l oyees t o be ab l e t o f u l l y exe r t t he i r un i que t a l en t s l eve rag i ng t he i r d i ve r se pe r sona l va l ues and cha rac t e r i s t i c s , t he Group va l ues t he gende r, na t i ona l i t y, cu l t ure , and l i f es t y l e o f a l l i t s emp l oyees and s t r i ves t o c rea t e a comf or t ab l e wor kp l ace env i ronmen t . Fur t he rmore , SUBARU ’ s a f f i l i a t ed compan i es i n J apan and ove r seas a re wor k i ng on re f l ec t i ng t he i r respec t i ve bus i nes s doma i ns and t he cha rac t e r i s t i c s o f t he i r reg i ons . Di vers i ty in Japan At SUBARU, we have been t ak i ng a range o f ac t i ons t owa rd Corpora t e Cu l t ure Re f orms , one o f our pr i or i t y i n i t i a t i ves l i s t ed i n t he mi d - t e rm managemen t v i s i on “ STEP. ” I n human resource deve l opmen t , we have i n t roduced a dua l pe r sonne l s y s t em ( f or key managemen t pos i t i ons ) t o promo t e t he suc ces s o f human resources rega rd l es s o f age or expe r i ence . Through t h i s s y s t em, we promo t e human resource deve l opmen t t hrough t rea tmen t and se l ec t i on o f ou t s t and i ng emp l oyees based on resu l t s . The younges t o f manage r s se l ec t ed was 31 yea r s o l d , showi ng appropr i a t e se l ec t i on and promo t i on i n l i ne wi t h our a ims . We a re con t i nu i ng t o improve t he ope ra t i on o f t h i s s y s t em i n orde r t o f ur t he r promo t e human resource deve l opmen t . A t t he same t ime , we i n t roduced t he spec i a l i s t eng i nee r s y s t em as a mechan i sm t o prope r l y eva l ua t e t he supe r i or t echn i ca l sk i l l s o f our eng i nee r s who c rea t e new va l ue and br i ng d i s t i nc t i on t o SUBARU- nes s . Through t h i s s y s t em, we wi l l wor k t o improve t he t echn i ca l capab i l i t i es t ha t d i s t i ngu i sh SUBARU- nes s and i nc rease t he mo t i va t i on o f our eng i nee r s . SUBARU Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR TOPIC: Diversity TOPIC 04 Six Priority Areas for CSR Diversity Promote businesses that create diverse Promote businesses that create diverse Promote businesses that create diverse forms of market value while respecting forms of market value while respecting forms of market value while respecting the diverse values of all people. the diverse values of all people. the diverse values of all people. 28 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability
Contents
from the CEO | TThhee SSUUBBAARRUU GGrroouupp’’ss
SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Environment Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] SUBARU Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR TOPIC: Diversity
[TABLE] TOPIC 04
Six Priority Areas for CSR Diversity
PPPrrrooommmooottteee bbbuuusssiiinnneeesssssseeesss ttthhhaaattt cccrrreeeaaattteee dddiiivvveeerrrssseee
fffooorrrmmmsss ooofff mmmaaarrrkkkeeettt vvvaaallluuueee wwwhhhiiillleee rrreeessspppeeeccctttiiinnnggg
ttthhheee dddiiivvveeerrrssseee vvvaaallluuueeesss ooofff aaallllll pppeeeooopppllleee...
[TABLE] Why It Is Important to Us
Most companies today face social demand for diversity among their employees and diverse ways of working. SUBARU believes
that continuing to offer products that contribute to increasing options for our customers and respecting diverse forms of
market value will lead to sustainable growth for the company. Achieving this requires diversity of perspective among those
who work for the SUBARU Group.
Diversity for SUBARU therefore has two key meanings: diversity in products and diversity of employees. While pursuing
diversity in products, SUBARU will promote diversity among all those who work for the SUBARU Group.
[TABLE] Two kinds of diversity promoted by SUBARU, respecting various
personal values and characteristics
The diversity of the SUBARU Group’s talent leads to diversity of product value
Employee Diversity
For each o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he SUBARU Group(cid:32)’(cid:32)s emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyees t(cid:32)o be ab(cid:32)l(cid:32)e t(cid:32)o f(cid:32)u(cid:32)l(cid:32)l(cid:32)y exe(cid:32)r(cid:32)t t(cid:32)he(cid:32)i(cid:32)r un(cid:32)i(cid:32)que t(cid:32)a(cid:32)l(cid:32)en(cid:32)t(cid:32)s l(cid:32)eve(cid:32)rag(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)he(cid:32)i(cid:32)r d(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve(cid:32)r(cid:32)se pe(cid:32)r(cid:32)sona(cid:32)l(cid:32)
va(cid:32)l(cid:32)ues and cha(cid:32)rac(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32)s(cid:32), t(cid:32)he Group va(cid:32)l(cid:32)ues t(cid:32)he gende(cid:32)r, na(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ona(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)y, cu(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)ure(cid:32), and l(cid:32)i(cid:32)f(cid:32)es(cid:32)t(cid:32)y(cid:32)l(cid:32)e o(cid:32)f a(cid:32)l(cid:32)l i(cid:32)t(cid:32)s emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyees and s(cid:32)t(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)ves t(cid:32)o(cid:32)
c(cid:32)rea(cid:32)t(cid:32)e a comf(cid:32)or(cid:32)t(cid:32)ab(cid:32)l(cid:32)e wor(cid:32)kp(cid:32)l(cid:32)ace env(cid:32)i(cid:32)ronmen(cid:32)t(cid:32). Fur(cid:32)t(cid:32)he(cid:32)rmore(cid:32), SUBARU(cid:32)’(cid:32)s a(cid:32)f(cid:32)f(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed compan(cid:32)i(cid:32)es i(cid:32)n J(cid:32)apan and ove(cid:32)r(cid:32)seas a(cid:32)re wor(cid:32)k(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng(cid:32)
on re(cid:32)f(cid:32)l(cid:32)ec(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)he(cid:32)i(cid:32)r respec(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve bus(cid:32)i(cid:32)nes(cid:32)s doma(cid:32)i(cid:32)ns and t(cid:32)he cha(cid:32)rac(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32)s o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he(cid:32)i(cid:32)r reg(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons(cid:32).
Di(cid:32)vers(cid:32)i(cid:32)ty in Japan
At SUBARU, we have been t(cid:32)ak(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng a range o(cid:32)f ac(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons t(cid:32)owa(cid:32)rd Corpora(cid:32)t(cid:32)e Cu(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)ure Re(cid:32)f(cid:32)orms(cid:32), one o(cid:32)f our pr(cid:32)i(cid:32)or(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)y i(cid:32)n(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ves l(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed i(cid:32)n(cid:32)
t(cid:32)he mi(cid:32)d(cid:32)-(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)rm managemen(cid:32)t v(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)on “(cid:32)STEP.(cid:32)” I(cid:32)n human resource deve(cid:32)l(cid:32)opmen(cid:32)t(cid:32), we have i(cid:32)n(cid:32)t(cid:32)roduced a dua(cid:32)l pe(cid:32)r(cid:32)sonne(cid:32)l s(cid:32)y(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)em ((cid:32)f(cid:32)or(cid:32)
key managemen(cid:32)t pos(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons(cid:32)) t(cid:32)o promo(cid:32)t(cid:32)e t(cid:32)he suc(cid:32)ces(cid:32)s o(cid:32)f human resources rega(cid:32)rd(cid:32)l(cid:32)es(cid:32)s o(cid:32)f age or expe(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)ence(cid:32). Through t(cid:32)h(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)
s(cid:32)y(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)em, we promo(cid:32)t(cid:32)e human resource deve(cid:32)l(cid:32)opmen(cid:32)t t(cid:32)hrough t(cid:32)rea(cid:32)tmen(cid:32)t and se(cid:32)l(cid:32)ec(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on o(cid:32)f ou(cid:32)t(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)and(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyees based on(cid:32)
resu(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)s(cid:32). The younges(cid:32)t o(cid:32)f manage(cid:32)r(cid:32)s se(cid:32)l(cid:32)ec(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed was 31 yea(cid:32)r(cid:32)s o(cid:32)l(cid:32)d(cid:32), showi(cid:32)ng appropr(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)e se(cid:32)l(cid:32)ec(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on and promo(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on i(cid:32)n l(cid:32)i(cid:32)ne wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h our(cid:32)
a(cid:32)ims(cid:32). We a(cid:32)re con(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)nu(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)o improve t(cid:32)he ope(cid:32)ra(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)h(cid:32)i(cid:32)s s(cid:32)y(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)em i(cid:32)n orde(cid:32)r t(cid:32)o f(cid:32)ur(cid:32)t(cid:32)he(cid:32)r promo(cid:32)t(cid:32)e human resource deve(cid:32)l(cid:32)opmen(cid:32)t(cid:32). A(cid:32)t(cid:32)
t(cid:32)he same t(cid:32)ime(cid:32), we i(cid:32)n(cid:32)t(cid:32)roduced t(cid:32)he spec(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)t eng(cid:32)i(cid:32)nee(cid:32)r s(cid:32)y(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)em as a mechan(cid:32)i(cid:32)sm t(cid:32)o prope(cid:32)r(cid:32)l(cid:32)y eva(cid:32)l(cid:32)ua(cid:32)t(cid:32)e t(cid:32)he supe(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)or t(cid:32)echn(cid:32)i(cid:32)ca(cid:32)l(cid:32)
sk(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)l(cid:32)s o(cid:32)f our eng(cid:32)i(cid:32)nee(cid:32)r(cid:32)s who c(cid:32)rea(cid:32)t(cid:32)e new va(cid:32)l(cid:32)ue and br(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng d(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)nc(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on t(cid:32)o SUBARU-(cid:32)nes(cid:32)s(cid:32). Through t(cid:32)h(cid:32)i(cid:32)s s(cid:32)y(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)em, we wi(cid:32)l(cid:32)l wor(cid:32)k t(cid:32)o(cid:32)
improve t(cid:32)he t(cid:32)echn(cid:32)i(cid:32)ca(cid:32)l capab(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es t(cid:32)ha(cid:32)t d(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ngu(cid:32)i(cid:32)sh SUBARU-(cid:32)nes(cid:32)s and i(cid:32)nc(cid:32)rease t(cid:32)he mo(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)va(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on o(cid:32)f our eng(cid:32)i(cid:32)nee(cid:32)r(cid:32)s(cid:32).
28
[TABLE] fffooorrrmmmsss ooofff mmmaaarrrkkkeeettt vvvaaallluuueee wwwhhhiiillleee rrreeessspppeeeccctttiiinnnggg
[TABLE] ttthhheee dddiiivvveeerrrssseee vvvaaallluuueeesss ooofff aaallllll pppeeeooopppllleee...

[PAGE 29]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability 2. Utilizes their technical capabilities in operations, leading to tangible results 3. Engages in continuous self-improvement for the evolution (deepening) of their technical capabilities 4. Establishes and implements mechanisms for teaching to and communicating with younger generations 5. Capable of deriving the optimal method from those at hand based on limited information so as to achieve goals In addition, we introduced the Career Development Support Program and autonomous skill development programs to develop human resources in a way that encourages autonomy and taking on challenges. We are transitioning our education systems from conventional controlled education to autonomous education, establishing an environment that supports autonomous career development and the growth of the individual. Employee Attitudes Survey for Improving SUBARU’s Corporate Value SUBARU has conducted the employee attitudes survey since FYE March 2018. In FYE March 2022, 16,536 regular employees (94.7%) responded. There was an overall improvement trend versus the previous results from FYE March 2021, with a particularly significant improvement in scores related to opportunities for improving ability. We see these results as representative of the impact from our introduction of new personnel systems and educational programs. Furthermore, we recognize that steadily linking the growth and increased satisfaction of each and every employee to improved corporate value is required for SUBARU’s sustainable growth. SUBARU will continue to closely monitor the results of the employee attitudes survey to better motivate each and every employee and revitalize the organization. Rate of employees who gave positive responses (%) * The above is a partial excerpt of questions asked in the employee attitudes survey. Diversity in the U.S. Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Belonging: Elements of SOA’s Organizational Culture Subaru of America, Inc. (SOA) operates in North America, a core SUBARU Group market. SOA believes that mutual learning and growth between employees with diverse experiences, perspectives, and values will lead to creation of the next generation of businesses, and in turn make the company stronger. In 2021, SOA further expanded its DEIB program by promoting engagement activities through five employee groups: SUBARU Women’s Network, BLENDS, Out + Ally, SARGE, and Evolve. This also includes joint recruitment activities with historically black colleges and universities (HBCUs) in the region. *1 DEIB: Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Belonging. *2 Historically black colleges and universities: A generic name for institutions of higher education that have long sought the education of African American students. *1 *2 Spec i a l i s t Engineer Sys tem Cer t i f i cat i on Cr i ter i a 1 . Pos ses ses i ndus t r y - l ead i ng t echn i ca l capab i l i t i es 29 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability
from the CEO | TThhee SSUUBBAARRUU GGrroouupp’’ss
SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Environment Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Spec(cid:32)(cid:32)i(cid:32)(cid:32)a(cid:32)(cid:32)l(cid:32)(cid:32)i(cid:32)(cid:32)s(cid:32)(cid:32)t Engineer Sys(cid:32)(cid:32)tem Cer(cid:32)(cid:32)t(cid:32)(cid:32)i(cid:32)(cid:32)f(cid:32)(cid:32)i(cid:32)(cid:32)cat(cid:32)(cid:32)i(cid:32)(cid:32)on Cr(cid:32)(cid:32)i(cid:32)(cid:32)ter(cid:32)(cid:32)i(cid:32)(cid:32)a(cid:32)
1(cid:32)(cid:32).(cid:32)(cid:32) Pos(cid:32)(cid:32)ses(cid:32)(cid:32)ses i(cid:32)(cid:32)ndus(cid:32)(cid:32)t(cid:32)(cid:32)r(cid:32)(cid:32)y(cid:32)(cid:32)-(cid:32)(cid:32)l(cid:32)(cid:32)ead(cid:32)(cid:32)i(cid:32)(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)(cid:32)echn(cid:32)(cid:32)i(cid:32)(cid:32)ca(cid:32)(cid:32)l capab(cid:32)(cid:32)i(cid:32)(cid:32)l(cid:32)(cid:32)i(cid:32)(cid:32)t(cid:32)(cid:32)i(cid:32)(cid:32)es
2. Utilizes their technical capabilities in operations, leading to tangible results
3. Engages in continuous self-improvement for the evolution (deepening) of their technical capabilities
4. Establishes and implements mechanisms for teaching to and communicating with younger generations
5. Capable of deriving the optimal method from those at hand based on limited information so as to achieve goals
In addition, we introduced the Career Development Support Program and autonomous skill development programs to develop
human resources in a way that encourages autonomy and taking on challenges. We are transitioning our education systems
from conventional controlled education to autonomous education, establishing an environment that supports autonomous
career development and the growth of the individual.
Employee Attitudes Survey for Improving SUBARU’s Corporate Value
SUBARU has conducted the employee attitudes survey since FYE March 2018. In FYE March 2022, 16,536 regular employees
(94.7%) responded. There was an overall improvement trend versus the previous results from FYE March 2021, with a
particularly significant improvement in scores related to opportunities for improving ability. We see these results as
representative of the impact from our introduction of new personnel systems and educational programs. Furthermore, we
recognize that steadily linking the growth and increased satisfaction of each and every employee to improved corporate value
is required for SUBARU’s sustainable growth. SUBARU will continue to closely monitor the results of the employee attitudes
survey to better motivate each and every employee and revitalize the organization.
Rate of employees who gave positive responses (%)
* The above is a partial excerpt of questions asked in the employee attitudes survey.
Diversity in the U.S.
Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Belonging: Elements of SOA’s Organizational Culture
Subaru of America, Inc. (SOA) operates in North America, a core SUBARU Group market. SOA believes that mutual learning
and growth between employees with diverse experiences, perspectives, and values will lead to creation of the next
generation of businesses, and in turn make the company stronger. In 2021, SOA further expanded its DEIB*1 program by
promoting engagement activities through five employee groups: SUBARU Women’s Network, BLENDS, Out + Ally, SARGE, and
Evolve. This also includes joint recruitment activities with historically black colleges and universities (HBCUs)*2 in the region.
*1 DEIB: Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Belonging.
*2 Historically black colleges and universities: A generic name for institutions of higher education that have long sought the education of
African American students.
29

[PAGE 30]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Promoting Recruitment Activities In 2021, SOA established strategic partnerships with two historically black universities, Delaware State University and Pennsylvania’s Lincoln University, in order to recruit the best human resources. In addition, we collaborated with the National Association of Black Accountants, the Association of Latino Professionals for America, and the Minority Corporate Counsel Association to promote DEIB-based initiatives, such as holding rallies to recruit applicants from diverse backgrounds. Diversity of Products Product Diversity Respecting Diverse Forms of Market Value SUBARU works to promote product diversity, respecting diverse forms of market value and contributing to increasing options for its customers. We are developing and launching products to market that offer both driving pleasure and sporty value, alongside environmental performance that meets the needs of the times, in rigorous pursuit of SUBARU-ness. As one of our achievements and initiatives, we launched the SOLTERRA, which features a new AWD system unique to BEVs that drives the front and rear tires with separate motors. Furthermore, we launched the fully redesigned WRX S4, which fosters the ultimate sense of oneness between person and car. The WRX S4 is a refinement of SUBARU’s unwavering policy of “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind.” By improving the driving dynamics of the car, providing joy not only in exceptional driving but in day-to-day driving as well, we created a new sporty value proposal. The foundation of this technology is the SUBARU Global Platform, a platform featuring all of SUBARU’s knowledge and technological capabilities developed thus far. By adding full inner frame construction to the SUBARU Global Platform, we deliver higher rigidity with less weight, dramatically improving handling performance that offers the driver unhindered control. In addition, as one example of taking on the challenge of expanding options for the use of internal-combustion engines, SUBARU competed in Super Taikyu Series 2022 with a racing vehicle that uses carbon-neutral fuel. Through this activity, we are promoting the creation of better cars originating in motorsports, working to cultivate engineers, and actively seeking the realization of a carbon-neutral society. Going forward, SUBARU will continue to accelerate its efforts to strengthen product diversity in a way that reflects SUBARU- ness. Initiatives by SOA’s Five Employee Groups In 2021, SOA joined the city of Camden, New Jersey in celebrating the beginning of the school year there. The event was held for those vaccinated against COVID-19, featuring a variety of activities, including free haircuts. During the event’s donation drive, more than 600 bags, 250 pairs of shoes, and 1,200 pairs of socks were provided to the community. SOA also supported the Gloucester County NAACP*3 Scholarship program in 2021, which provides scholarships to New Jersey students. SOA received the Corporate Excellence Game Changers Award from the NAACP. In addition, the organization donated more than 10,000 pieces of outdoor clothing to Afghan refugees at Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst in New Jersey. *3 NAACP: National Association for the Advancement of Colored People 30 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability
from the CEO | TThhee SSUUBBAARRUU GGrroouupp’’ss
SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Environment Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Initiatives by SOA’s Five Employee Groups
In 2021, SOA joined the city of Camden, New Jersey in celebrating the beginning of the school year there. The event was held
for those vaccinated against COVID-19, featuring a variety of activities, including free haircuts. During the event’s donation
drive, more than 600 bags, 250 pairs of shoes, and 1,200 pairs of socks were provided to the community. SOA also supported
the Gloucester County NAACP*3 Scholarship program in 2021, which provides scholarships to New Jersey students. SOA
received the Corporate Excellence Game Changers Award from the NAACP. In addition, the organization donated more than
10,000 pieces of outdoor clothing to Afghan refugees at Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst in New Jersey.
*3 NAACP: National Association for the Advancement of Colored People
Promoting Recruitment Activities
In 2021, SOA established strategic partnerships with two historically black universities, Delaware State University and
Pennsylvania’s Lincoln University, in order to recruit the best human resources. In addition, we collaborated with the National
Association of Black Accountants, the Association of Latino Professionals for America, and the Minority Corporate Counsel
Association to promote DEIB-based initiatives, such as holding rallies to recruit applicants from diverse backgrounds.
Diversity of Products
Product Diversity Respecting Diverse Forms of Market Value
SUBARU works to promote product diversity, respecting diverse forms of market value and contributing to increasing options
for its customers. We are developing and launching products to market that offer both driving pleasure and sporty value,
alongside environmental performance that meets the needs of the times, in rigorous pursuit of SUBARU-ness.
As one of our achievements and initiatives, we launched the SOLTERRA, which features a new AWD system unique to BEVs that
drives the front and rear tires with separate motors. Furthermore, we launched the fully redesigned WRX S4, which fosters
the ultimate sense of oneness between person and car. The WRX S4 is a refinement of SUBARU’s unwavering policy of
“Enjoyment and Peace of Mind.” By improving the driving dynamics of the car, providing joy not only in exceptional driving
but in day-to-day driving as well, we created a new sporty value proposal. The foundation of this technology is the SUBARU
Global Platform, a platform featuring all of SUBARU’s knowledge and technological capabilities developed thus far. By adding
full inner frame construction to the SUBARU Global Platform, we deliver higher rigidity with less weight, dramatically
improving handling performance that offers the driver unhindered control.
In addition, as one example of taking on the challenge of expanding options for the use of internal-combustion engines,
SUBARU competed in Super Taikyu Series 2022 with a racing vehicle that uses carbon-neutral fuel. Through this activity, we
are promoting the creation of better cars originating in motorsports, working to cultivate engineers, and actively seeking the
realization of a carbon-neutral society.
Going forward, SUBARU will continue to accelerate its efforts to strengthen product diversity in a way that reflects SUBARU-
ness.

[PAGE 31]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability W h y It Is Important to Us In FYE March 2018, SUBARU revised its Environmental Policy, declaring that “the earth, the sky and nature” are SUBARU’s fields of business, and made clear to strive for the coexistence with nature. These words encapsulate our desire to take the greatest possible care of “the earth, the sky and nature,” since they are the fields in which our automotive and aerospace businesses—the pillars of our enterprise—operate. With the concept that sustainability of both society and SUBARU only becomes possible with the existence of a rich global environment, that is “the earth, the sky and nature,” the entire SUBARU Group will make the greatest possible efforts to undertake global environmental conservation activities. SUBARUI n i t i a t i v e s for the E ra of the Electric C ar E f f o r t s t o r e d u c e CO e m i s s i o n s t h r o u g h d i s t i n c t i v e n e s s a n d t e c h n o l o g i c a l i n n o v a t i o n c o m m e n s u r a t e w i t h SUBARU - n e s s Strengthening SUBARU-ness and Manufacturing Environmentally Friendly Automobiles for the Realization of a Sustainable Society In order to pass on “the earth, the sky and nature” to future generations, SUBARU is pursuing the manufacture of environmentally friendly automobiles. This is not only in brainstorming how to address the environment but also how we contribute as a company to the realization of a sustainable society. In the U.S., one of SUBARU’s major markets, our customers tend to have a strong sense of ownership with regard to the global environment and society, along with interest in the safety and reliability of SUBARU’s vehicles. In addition, we have found that our customers do not see environmental value in general—a vehicle’s fuel efficiency, emissions, or size. Instead, they recognize this value in a broader sense, including the three elements of our “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” value: that our utility and AWD vehicles allow them to do anything with just one car; that our safety causes fewer accidents and no problems for society; and that our reliability and longevity makes them useful over long periods of time and does not lead to wasted resources. SUBARU will contribute to the achievement of an enjoyable and sustainable society by working together with customers and other stakeholders who see the value SUBARU provides as environmental value in a broader sense, pursuing distinctiveness commensurate with SUBARU-ness and the manufacture of environmentally friendly automobiles through technological innovation. SUBARU Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR TOPIC: Environment 2 TOPICS 05 Six Priority Areas for CSR Environment Cherish and protect the global environment Cherish and protect the global environment Cherish and protect the global environment —the earth, the sky and nature—through Group-wide activities. —the earth, the sky and nature—through Group-wide activities. —the earth, the sky and nature—through Group-wide activities. 31 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability
Contents
from the CEO | TThhee SSUUBBAARRUU GGrroouupp’’ss
SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Environment Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] SUBARU Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR TOPIC:
Environment
[TABLE] TOPICS 05
Six Priority Areas for CSR Environment
CCChhheeerrriiissshhh aaannnddd ppprrrooottteeecccttt ttthhheee ggglllooobbbaaalll eeennnvvviiirrrooonnnmmmeeennnttt
———ttthhheee eeeaaarrrttthhh,,, ttthhheee ssskkkyyy aaannnddd nnnaaatttuuurrreee———ttthhhrrrooouuuggghhh GGGrrrooouuuppp---wwwiiidddeee aaaccctttiiivvviiitttiiieeesss...
[TABLE] Why It Is Important to Us
In FYE March 2018, SUBARU revised its Environmental Policy, declaring that “the earth, the sky and nature” are SUBARU’s
fields of business, and made clear to strive for the coexistence with nature. These words encapsulate our desire to take the
greatest possible care of “the earth, the sky and nature,” since they are the fields in which our automotive and aerospace
businesses—the pillars of our enterprise—operate. With the concept that sustainability of both society and SUBARU only
becomes possible with the existence of a rich global environment, that is “the earth, the sky and nature,” the entire SUBARU
Group will make the greatest possible efforts to undertake global environmental conservation activities.
[TABLE] SUBARU Initiatives for the Era of the Electric Car
Efforts to reduce CO2 emissions through distinctiveness and technological innovation
commensurate with SUBARU-ness
Strengthening SUBARU-ness and Manufacturing Environmentally Friendly Automobiles for the
Realization of a Sustainable Society
In order to pass on “the earth, the sky and nature” to future generations, SUBARU is pursuing the manufacture of
environmentally friendly automobiles. This is not only in brainstorming how to address the environment but also how we
contribute as a company to the realization of a sustainable society.
In the U.S., one of SUBARU’s major markets, our customers tend to have a strong sense of ownership with regard to the
global environment and society, along with interest in the safety and reliability of SUBARU’s vehicles. In addition, we have
found that our customers do not see environmental value in general—a vehicle’s fuel efficiency, emissions, or size. Instead,
they recognize this value in a broader sense, including the three elements of our “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” value: that
our utility and AWD vehicles allow them to do anything with just one car; that our safety causes fewer accidents and no
problems for society; and that our reliability and longevity makes them useful over long periods of time and does not lead to
wasted resources. SUBARU will contribute to the achievement of an enjoyable and sustainable society by working together
with customers and other stakeholders who see the value SUBARU provides as environmental value in a broader sense,
pursuing distinctiveness commensurate with SUBARU-ness and the manufacture of environmentally friendly automobiles
through technological innovation.
31
[TABLE] CCChhheeerrriiissshhh aaannnddd ppprrrooottteeecccttt ttthhheee ggglllooobbbaaalll eeennnvvviiirrrooonnnmmmeeennnttt
[TABLE] ———ttthhheee eeeaaarrrttthhh,,, ttthhheee ssskkkyyy aaannnddd nnnaaatttuuurrreee———ttthhhrrrooouuuggghhh GGGrrrooouuuppp---wwwiiidddeee aaaccctttiiivvviiitttiiieeesss...

[PAGE 32]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability SUBARU-ness Initiatives for the Environment toward Realizing Carbon Neutrality around 2050 SUBARU has set the direction of targeting carbon neutrality around 2050, and formulated a long-term target to reduce average well-to-wheel CO emissions from new vehicles (in operation) sold worldwide by 90% or more compared to 2010 levels. As a milestone toward this target, SUBARU set two medium-term targets: make at least 40% of SUBARU global sales EVs or HEVs by 2030, and apply electrification technologies to all SUBARU vehicles produced and sold by the first half of the 2030s. In addition, as a new initiative from FYE March 2022 in order to contribute to the realization of a decarbonized society through the reduction of CO emissions throughout the life cycle of our business activities, SUBARU has designated departments in charge of the five areas of “product use,” “materials and components,” “transportation,” “disposal,” and “manufacturing.” Furthermore, in 2022 SUBARU launched the SOLTERRA, its first global BEV, aimed at coexistence with nature as another step toward the era of the electric car. It utilizes the e-SUBARU Global Platform, a dedicated EV platform we jointly developed with Toyota Motor Corporation (“Toyota”), as well as the AWD technology we have developed for many years and Toyota’s outstanding electrification technology, thus bringing together the strengths of both companies and efficiently leveraging our development investments. Like with our existing vehicles, this SUV featuring the unique appeal of SUBARU’s BEVs will be added to our SUV lineup, aiming to further strengthen the value we offer with the goal of being a brand that is “different” from others. We will roll out this model in Japan, the U.S. and Canada, Europe, China, and other markets. *1 Well-to-wheel: Approach to calculating CO emissions including the emissions produced by the generation of electricity to be used by EVs and other vehicles. *2 Reduce total CO emissions calculated based on the fuel efficiency (notified value) of all SUBARU automobiles sold across the world by 90% or more compared to 2010 levels in 2050. Changes in the sales quantity due to changes in the market environment shall be taken into consideration, while minor changes in running distance shall not. *3 Excluding models supplied by OEMs *4 Refers to the technology used to foster the use of electricity for EVs, HEVs, and others. *5 BEV: Battery electric vehicle Category Target Year Goal Products (Scope 3) 2050 Reduce average CO emissions from new vehicles (in operation) on a well-to-wheel basis by at least 90%, compared to 2010 level Early 2030s Apply electrification technologies to all SUBARU vehicles produced and sold worldwide Up to 2030 Make at least 40% of SUBARU global sales EVs or HEVs Plants and offices (Scope 1 and 2) FYE March 2051 Achieve carbon neutrality FYE March 2031 Reduce CO emissions by 30% compared with FYE March 2017 (total volume basis) Strategic Restructuring of Domestic Production System from Expansion and Acceleration of EV Development At SUBARU, we will strategically reorganize our domestic production system to accelerate electrification for further expansion of EVs and production of in-house BEVs. As our roadmap for this production system, we are planning to launch in-house production of BEVs with a target start date around 2025, and to gradually increase supply capacity thereafter by expanding the number and models of BEVs produced. Furthermore, we are exploring the addition of dedicated lines for BEVs from 2027, and will promote the steady installation of the next-generation e-BOXER, utilizing the Toyota Hybrid System, in several models. The two main goals of this reorganization of the production system are to build a flexible system that can ensure production *1 2 *2 *3 *4 2 *5 2 2 2 2 32 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability
from the CEO | TThhee SSUUBBAARRUU GGrroouupp’’ss
SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Environment Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] SUBARU-ness Initiatives for the Environment toward Realizing Carbon Neutrality around 2050
SUBARU has set the direction of targeting carbon neutrality around 2050, and formulated a long-term target to reduce
average well-to-wheel*1 CO2 emissions from new vehicles (in operation) sold worldwide by 90% or more*2 compared to 2010
levels. As a milestone toward this target, SUBARU set two medium-term targets: make at least 40% of SUBARU global sales
EVs or HEVs by 2030, and apply electrification technologies*3 to all SUBARU vehicles*4 produced and sold by the first half of
the 2030s. In addition, as a new initiative from FYE March 2022 in order to contribute to the realization of a decarbonized
society through the reduction of CO2 emissions throughout the life cycle of our business activities, SUBARU has designated
departments in charge of the five areas of “product use,” “materials and components,” “transportation,” “disposal,” and
“manufacturing.”
Furthermore, in 2022 SUBARU launched the SOLTERRA, its first global BEV,*5 aimed at coexistence with nature as another step
toward the era of the electric car. It utilizes the e-SUBARU Global Platform, a dedicated EV platform we jointly developed with
Toyota Motor Corporation (“Toyota”), as well as the AWD technology we have developed for many years and Toyota’s
outstanding electrification technology, thus bringing together the strengths of both companies and efficiently leveraging our
development investments. Like with our existing vehicles, this SUV featuring the unique appeal of SUBARU’s BEVs will be
added to our SUV lineup, aiming to further strengthen the value we offer with the goal of being a brand that is “different”
from others. We will roll out this model in Japan, the U.S. and Canada, Europe, China, and other markets.
*1 Well-to-wheel: Approach to calculating CO2 emissions including the emissions produced by the generation of electricity to be used by EVs
and other vehicles.
*2 Reduce total CO2 emissions calculated based on the fuel efficiency (notified value) of all SUBARU automobiles sold across the world by
90% or more compared to 2010 levels in 2050. Changes in the sales quantity due to changes in the market environment shall be taken
into consideration, while minor changes in running distance shall not.
*3 Excluding models supplied by OEMs
*4 Refers to the technology used to foster the use of electricity for EVs, HEVs, and others.
*5 BEV: Battery electric vehicle
Category Target Year Goal
Reduce average CO2 emissions from new vehicles (in operation) on a well-to-wheel basis by at
2050
least 90%, compared to 2010 level
Products
Early
(Scope 3) Apply electrification technologies to all SUBARU vehicles produced and sold worldwide
2030s
Up to 2030 Make at least 40% of SUBARU global sales EVs or HEVs
FYE March
Achieve carbon neutrality
2051
Plants and offices
(Scope 1 and 2)
FYE March
Reduce CO2 emissions by 30% compared with FYE March 2017 (total volume basis)
2031
Strategic Restructuring of Domestic Production System from Expansion and Acceleration of EV
Development
At SUBARU, we will strategically reorganize our domestic production system to accelerate electrification for further expansion
of EVs and production of in-house BEVs. As our roadmap for this production system, we are planning to launch in-house
production of BEVs with a target start date around 2025, and to gradually increase supply capacity thereafter by expanding
the number and models of BEVs produced. Furthermore, we are exploring the addition of dedicated lines for BEVs from 2027,
and will promote the steady installation of the next-generation e-BOXER, utilizing the Toyota Hybrid System, in several
models.
The two main goals of this reorganization of the production system are to build a flexible system that can ensure production
32
[TABLE] Category | Target Year | Goal
[TABLE] Products
(Scope 3) | 2050 | Reduce average CO2 emissions from new vehicles (in operation) on a well-to-wheel basis by at
least 90%, compared to 2010 level
[TABLE] Early
2030s | Apply electrification technologies to all SUBARU vehicles produced and sold worldwide
[TABLE] Up to 2030 | Make at least 40% of SUBARU global sales EVs or HEVs
[TABLE] Plants and offices
(Scope 1 and 2) | FYE March
2051 | Achieve carbon neutrality
[TABLE] FYE March
2031 | Reduce CO2 emissions by 30% compared with FYE March 2017 (total volume basis)

[PAGE 33]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability of gasoline-powered vehicles and HEVs as needed during the transition to BEVs and to achieve efficient BEV production in the BEV business, where there are still many issues of profitability, in order to improve business potential. Goals for strategic restructuring of domestic production system with a view of expansion and acceleration of EV development: Strategic Restructuring of Domestic Production System from Expansion and Acceleration of EV Development Strategic Reorganization of Domestic Production We believe that the key to promoting SUBARU’s electrification strategy is to provide product value meeting the expectations of customers while assessing the convenience of BEVs, including customer requirements and changes in preferences and values, as well as for infrastructure. This not only includes changes in markets and regulations toward a decarbonized society but also for the purpose of nurturing the relationships with customers that our SUBARU Group has treasured for some time. Based on this concept, SUBARU will continue to develop products that satisfy customers and bring them happiness. We will also continue to develop a flexible production system that incorporates the state of the market environment. Build a flexible production system to address the period of transition to BEVs ・ Improve BEV business feasibility through highly efficient production ・ 33 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability
from the CEO | TThhee SSUUBBAARRUU GGrroouupp’’ss
SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Environment Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] of gasoline-powered vehicles and HEVs as needed during the transition to BEVs and to achieve efficient BEV production in the
BEV business, where there are still many issues of profitability, in order to improve business potential.
Goals for strategic restructuring of domestic production system with a view of expansion and
acceleration of EV development:
・Build a flexible production system to address the period of transition to BEVs
・Improve BEV business feasibility through highly efficient production
Strategic Restructuring of Domestic Production System from Expansion and Acceleration of EV Development
Strategic Reorganization of Domestic Production
We believe that the key to promoting SUBARU’s electrification strategy is to provide product value meeting the expectations
of customers while assessing the convenience of BEVs, including customer requirements and changes in preferences and
values, as well as for infrastructure. This not only includes changes in markets and regulations toward a decarbonized society
but also for the purpose of nurturing the relationships with customers that our SUBARU Group has treasured for some time.
Based on this concept, SUBARU will continue to develop products that satisfy customers and bring them happiness. We will
also continue to develop a flexible production system that incorporates the state of the market environment.
33

[PAGE 34]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability W h y It Is Important to Us Having reflected on the previous lack of awareness of social norms in the execution of our duties, flaws in our internal rules, and the inadequate understanding of laws and regulations relevant to our operations, SUBARU is keenly aware of the need to change ways of thinking and completely change the culture. SUBARU will dedicate the whole of the SUBARU Group to promoting initiatives focused on compliance as a priority, with the aim of ensuring that SUBARU resonates with and inspires trust in our customers and all other stakeholders. Co m p li a n c e an d h u man rights initiatives considered and i m p l e me nted by each individua l W e , t h e SUBARUG r o u p , w i l l a c t i n g o o d f a i t h t o w a r d o u r a s p i r a t i o n t o b e a c o m p a n y “ d e l i v e r i n g h a p p i n e s s t o a l l , ” a i m i n g t o b e a c o r p o r a t e g r o u p t h a t i s t r u s t e d b y a n d r e s o n a t e s w i t h s o c i e t y Each individual is responsible for practicing compliance At the SUBARU Group, compliance is positioned as one of the most important management issues. Here, our initiative policy is to: (1) deepen dialogue with everyone and promote the Think Compliance initiative; (2) Maintain awareness of being one member of the SUBARU Group, unbound by organizational frameworks; and (3) Act with consideration for others and a positive attitude of doing good. In executing these, we establish and operate a compliance system and organization, as well as conduct activities such as providing various kinds of training. Initiatives toward Deeper Compliance SUBARU conducts compliance training, training for legal affairs in practical businesses, and other programs for Group employees in Japan to enforce thorough compliance across the Group. In particular, more than 15,000 employees have participated in video-based online training programs introduced to adapt to work format changes due to the COVID-19 pandemic. This is part of our work to improve compliance literacy for all employees working at SUBARU and Group companies in Japan, helping each employee to take ownership and execute the Think Compliance initiative. In order to promote daily practice for each and every Group employee in Japan, we issue the Compliance Manual and have created guidelines specialized for affiliated companies, providing these and a range of other implementation support tools. Specifically, we have established guidelines on anti-bribery for the entire Group clarifying the conduct required of employees and executives. This includes the establishment of the company-wide Bribery Prevention Rules, which clarify prohibited and non-prohibited acts when dealing with public officials. Also, anti-bribery is identified as an important issue in the Compliance Manual ( Japanese and English versions) issued to affiliated companies in Japan and overseas. We not only require proper conduct regarding bribery of public officials but also pursue thorough fairness in transactions with private-sector customers and partners. SUBARU Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR TOPIC: Compliance TOPIC 06 Six Priority Areas for CSR Compliance Act in good faith and become a company that Act in good faith and become a company that Act in good faith and become a company that is trusted by and resonates with society. is trusted by and resonates with society. is trusted by and resonates with society. 34 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability
Contents
from the CEO | TThhee SSUUBBAARRUU GGrroouupp’’ss
SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Environment Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] SUBARU Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR TOPIC:
Compliance
[TABLE] TOPIC 06
Six Priority Areas for CSR Compliance
AAAcccttt iiinnn gggooooooddd fffaaaiiittthhh aaannnddd bbbeeecccooommmeee aaa cccooommmpppaaannnyyy ttthhhaaattt
iiisss tttrrruuusssttteeeddd bbbyyy aaannnddd rrreeesssooonnnaaattteeesss wwwiiittthhh sssoooccciiieeetttyyy...
[TABLE] Why It Is Important to Us
Having reflected on the previous lack of awareness of social norms in the execution of our duties, flaws in our internal rules,
and the inadequate understanding of laws and regulations relevant to our operations, SUBARU is keenly aware of the need to
change ways of thinking and completely change the culture. SUBARU will dedicate the whole of the SUBARU Group to
promoting initiatives focused on compliance as a priority, with the aim of ensuring that SUBARU resonates with and inspires
trust in our customers and all other stakeholders.
[TABLE] Compliance and human rights initiatives considered and
implemented by each individual
We, the SUBARU Group, will act in good faith toward our aspiration to be a company “delivering
happiness to all,” aiming to be a corporate group that is trusted by and resonates with society
Each individual is responsible for practicing compliance
At the SUBARU Group, compliance is positioned as one of the most important management issues. Here, our initiative policy
is to: (1) deepen dialogue with everyone and promote the Think Compliance initiative; (2) Maintain awareness of being one
member of the SUBARU Group, unbound by organizational frameworks; and (3) Act with consideration for others and a
positive attitude of doing good. In executing these, we establish and operate a compliance system and organization, as well
as conduct activities such as providing various kinds of training.
Initiatives toward Deeper Compliance
SUBARU conducts compliance training, training for legal affairs in practical businesses, and other programs for Group
employees in Japan to enforce thorough compliance across the Group. In particular, more than 15,000 employees have
participated in video-based online training programs introduced to adapt to work format changes due to the COVID-19
pandemic. This is part of our work to improve compliance literacy for all employees working at SUBARU and Group companies
in Japan, helping each employee to take ownership and execute the Think Compliance initiative.
In order to promote daily practice for each and every Group employee in Japan, we issue the Compliance Manual and have
created guidelines specialized for affiliated companies, providing these and a range of other implementation support tools.
Specifically, we have established guidelines on anti-bribery for the entire Group clarifying the conduct required of employees
and executives. This includes the establishment of the company-wide Bribery Prevention Rules, which clarify prohibited and
non-prohibited acts when dealing with public officials. Also, anti-bribery is identified as an important issue in the Compliance
Manual (Japanese and English versions) issued to affiliated companies in Japan and overseas. We not only require proper
conduct regarding bribery of public officials but also pursue thorough fairness in transactions with private-sector customers
and partners.
34
[TABLE] AAAcccttt iiinnn gggooooooddd fffaaaiiittthhh aaannnddd bbbeeecccooommmeee aaa cccooommmpppaaannnyyy ttthhhaaattt
[TABLE] iiisss tttrrruuusssttteeeddd bbbyyy aaannnddd rrreeesssooonnnaaattteeesss wwwiiittthhh sssoooccciiieeetttyyy...

[PAGE 35]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Monitoring Mechanisms The entire SUBARU Group collects information to ascertain the presence of cases that may constitute compliance violations through company-wide compliance activities, its whistleblowing system, and other channels. It also strives to use actions like the Internal Audit Department’s business audits to detect cases early. High-risk cases are reported to the Risk Management and Compliance Committee and the Board of Directors, in efforts to further strengthen oversight. Specifically, SUBARU has established the Compliance Hotline system, where regular or temporary employees of the SUBARU Group who have detected a problem related to compliance within the Group can consult with the Hotline Desk. This Desk is where employees affiliated with the Risk Management and Compliance Office directly receive mail, telephone calls, and email, investigate facts, and provide response. In the Compliance Hotline system, we provide consultation services in four languages (English, Chinese, Portuguese, and Spanish) for foreign workers. In addition, to ensure thorough awareness, including among foreign workers, we distribute cards containing information on the framework of the system and the contact address for consulting services not only in Japanese but also English, Chinese, and other languages. We also put up posters in all workplaces. Actual consultations are handled swiftly and flexibly, primarily by the Risk Management and Compliance Office Manager, working toward preventive measures. Subaru of America, Inc. (SOA) also operates a compliance hotline system. Like in Japan, a third-party organization is used for the reporting desk so that employees can consult and report with peace of mind. Reports are accepted through a number of channels, including in person, by phone, and by email. Initiatives for Human Rights: Human Rights Due Diligence At the SUBARU Group, we put people first and engage in people-oriented manufacturing. For us, respect for the rights and characteristics of individuals is an important management issue. From FYE March 2021 to FYE March 2022, we carried out human rights due diligence in accordance with the procedures stipulated in the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. Specific initiatives included the identification and impact assessment of human rights risks in the domains of human resources and procurement, and the identification of particularly key risks for the SUBARU Group. The human rights risks identified in each of these areas include risks related to compliance, and we have formulated measures to prevent and mitigate these risks. These are agreed upon by the Sustainability Committee and reported to the Board of Directors. Going forward, we will continue to work toward risk mitigation by steadily implementing formulated measures to combat them, regularly providing progress reports on these to the Sustainability Committee, and through other actions. Particularly key human rights risks Human resources domain Long working hours, occupational accidents, harassment of workers, forced labor among foreign workers Procurement domain Human rights violations among suppliers, responsible mineral procurement (e.g., conflict minerals, cobalt), harassment of suppliers 35 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability
from the CEO | TThhee SSUUBBAARRUU GGrroouupp’’ss
SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Environment Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Monitoring Mechanisms
The entire SUBARU Group collects information to ascertain the presence of cases that may constitute compliance violations
through company-wide compliance activities, its whistleblowing system, and other channels. It also strives to use actions like
the Internal Audit Department’s business audits to detect cases early. High-risk cases are reported to the Risk Management
and Compliance Committee and the Board of Directors, in efforts to further strengthen oversight. Specifically, SUBARU has
established the Compliance Hotline system, where regular or temporary employees of the SUBARU Group who have detected
a problem related to compliance within the Group can consult with the Hotline Desk. This Desk is where employees affiliated
with the Risk Management and Compliance Office directly receive mail, telephone calls, and email, investigate facts, and
provide response. In the Compliance Hotline system, we provide consultation services in four languages (English, Chinese,
Portuguese, and Spanish) for foreign workers. In addition, to ensure thorough awareness, including among foreign workers,
we distribute cards containing information on the framework of the system and the contact address for consulting services
not only in Japanese but also English, Chinese, and other languages. We also put up posters in all workplaces. Actual
consultations are handled swiftly and flexibly, primarily by the Risk Management and Compliance Office Manager, working
toward preventive measures.
Subaru of America, Inc. (SOA) also operates a compliance hotline system. Like in Japan, a third-party organization is used for
the reporting desk so that employees can consult and report with peace of mind. Reports are accepted through a number of
channels, including in person, by phone, and by email.
Initiatives for Human Rights: Human Rights Due Diligence
At the SUBARU Group, we put people first and engage in people-oriented manufacturing. For us, respect for the rights and
characteristics of individuals is an important management issue. From FYE March 2021 to FYE March 2022, we carried out
human rights due diligence in accordance with the procedures stipulated in the United Nations Guiding Principles on
Business and Human Rights. Specific initiatives included the identification and impact assessment of human rights risks in
the domains of human resources and procurement, and the identification of particularly key risks for the SUBARU Group. The
human rights risks identified in each of these areas include risks related to compliance, and we have formulated measures to
prevent and mitigate these risks. These are agreed upon by the Sustainability Committee and reported to the Board of
Directors. Going forward, we will continue to work toward risk mitigation by steadily implementing formulated measures to
combat them, regularly providing progress reports on these to the Sustainability Committee, and through other actions.
Particularly key human rights risks
Human resources domain Long working hours, occupational accidents, harassment of workers, forced labor among foreign workers
Human rights violations among suppliers, responsible mineral procurement (e.g., conflict minerals, cobalt),
Procurement domain
harassment of suppliers
[TABLE] Human resources domain | Long working hours, occupational accidents, harassment of workers, forced labor among foreign workers
[TABLE] Procurement domain | Human rights violations among suppliers, responsible mineral procurement (e.g., conflict minerals, cobalt),
harassment of suppliers

[PAGE 36]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environment Environment Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution  FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices 36 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Environment
37 Environmental Management
51 Environmentally Friendly Automobiles
62 Climate Change
75 Resource Recycling
81 Water Resources
84 Biodiversity
89 Prevention of Pollution
92 FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants
and Offices
36

[PAGE 37]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment Our Approach In its Environmental Policies, SUBARU states that our fields of business are “the earth, the sky and nature” and focuses on efforts aimed at coexistence with nature. In the mid-term management vision “STEP,” we are committed to making environmental contributions by enhancing the environmental performance of our products. We include Environment in the Six Priority Areas for CSR and deem it important to conduct environmental activities as a precondition to continue our business activities. In order to foster environmental activities across the SUBARU Group, we have our Environment Committee as well as a cross- company integrated environmental management system, which covers all Group sites, domestic and overseas consolidated production companies, and SUBARU CORPORATION dealers in Japan and abroad. Based on this system, we are fostering environmental management activities through an all-SUBARU approach, including formulating medium- to long-term environmental targets, implementing measures to achieve the targets, complying with environmental laws and regulations, managing chemical substances, and compiling environmental performance data. SUBARU Environmental Policies SUBARU Environmental Philosophy “The earth, the sky and nature” are SUBARU’s fields of business. With the automotive and aerospace businesses as the pillars of SUBARU’s operations, our fields of business are the earth, the sky and nature. Preservation of the ecosystem of our planet, the earth, the sky and nature, is of utmost importance to ensure the future sustainability of both society and our organization. We align our business strategy to enhance these global goals in all of our operations. 1. We develop and deliver products to meet social needs and contribute to the environment through advanced technologies. By striving to create advanced technologies that put the environment and safety first, we will develop and deliver products that can contribute to protecting the earth’s environment. 2. We focus on efforts aimed at coexistence with nature. Together with efforts to reduce CO emissions in all of our operations, we will promote active engagement with nature by stressing forest conservation. 3. We take on challenges as one through an all-SUBARU approach. Utilizing our unique organizational character that allows us to oversee the entire supply chain, all of us together will take on the challenges of environmental protection of our planet through an all-SUBARU approach. Environmental Principles SUBARU’s fields of business are the earth, the sky and nature. SUBARU understands that the health and preservation of biodiversity and controlling climate change are critical to ensuring a sustainable future for our planet earth, nature, communities, and businesses. Products: We develop our products and conduct R&D in light of the life cycle environmental impacts of our products. Purchasing: Our purchasing activities reflect consideration for biodiversity and other aspects of environmental protection. Production: We strive to minimize our environmental impact through improving energy efficiency and waste management. Logistics: We strive to minimize our environmental impact through enhancing energy efficiency and promoting pollution prevention. Sales: We endeavor to recycle resources efficiently and reduce waste. Management: We will strive to improve our sustainability program through contributions that meet social needs and by publicizing our activities as Team SUBARU. Environmental Management 2 37 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Environmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmental
Biodiversity
[TABLE] Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Environmental Management
[TABLE] Environmental Management
[TABLE] Our Approach
In its Environmental Policies, SUBARU states that our fields of business are “the earth, the sky and nature” and focuses on
efforts aimed at coexistence with nature. In the mid-term management vision “STEP,” we are committed to making
environmental contributions by enhancing the environmental performance of our products. We include Environment in the Six
Priority Areas for CSR and deem it important to conduct environmental activities as a precondition to continue our business
activities.
In order to foster environmental activities across the SUBARU Group, we have our Environment Committee as well as a cross-
company integrated environmental management system, which covers all Group sites, domestic and overseas consolidated
production companies, and SUBARU CORPORATION dealers in Japan and abroad.
Based on this system, we are fostering environmental management activities through an all-SUBARU approach, including
formulating medium- to long-term environmental targets, implementing measures to achieve the targets, complying with
environmental laws and regulations, managing chemical substances, and compiling environmental performance data.
SUBARU Environmental Policies
SUBARU Environmental Philosophy
“The earth, the sky and nature” are SUBARU’s fields of business.
With the automotive and aerospace businesses as the pillars of SUBARU’s operations, our fields of business are the
earth, the sky and nature. Preservation of the ecosystem of our planet, the earth, the sky and nature, is of utmost
importance to ensure the future sustainability of both society and our organization. We align our business strategy to
enhance these global goals in all of our operations.
1. We develop and deliver products to meet social needs and contribute to the environment through advanced
technologies.
By striving to create advanced technologies that put the environment and safety first, we will develop and deliver
products that can contribute to protecting the earth’s environment.
2. We focus on efforts aimed at coexistence with nature.
Together with efforts to reduce CO2 emissions in all of our operations, we will promote active engagement with
nature by stressing forest conservation.
3. We take on challenges as one through an all-SUBARU approach.
Utilizing our unique organizational character that allows us to oversee the entire supply chain, all of us together will
take on the challenges of environmental protection of our planet through an all-SUBARU approach.
Environmental Principles
SUBARU’s fields of business are the earth, the sky and nature. SUBARU understands that the health and preservation of
biodiversity and controlling climate change are critical to ensuring a sustainable future for our planet earth, nature,
communities, and businesses.
Products: We develop our products and conduct R&D in light of the life cycle environmental impacts of our products.
Purchasing: Our purchasing activities reflect consideration for biodiversity and other aspects of environmental
protection.
Production: We strive to minimize our environmental impact through improving energy efficiency and waste
management.
Logistics: We strive to minimize our environmental impact through enhancing energy efficiency and promoting
pollution prevention.
Sales: We endeavor to recycle resources efficiently and reduce waste.
Management: We will strive to improve our sustainability program through contributions that meet social needs and
by publicizing our activities as Team SUBARU.
37

[PAGE 38]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment M a nagement System Environmental Management System SUBARU comprehensively manages the entire progress and direction of its environmental management measures through the Environment Committee and based on the cross-company integrated environmental management system (EMS). The Executive Officer in charge of the Sustainability Division appointed by the Board of Directors oversees the integrated EMS and chairs the Environment Committee. In principle, the related issues are reviewed regularly, at least once a year, and details of discussions held by the Environment Committee are reported to the Sustainability Committee. Important issues are discussed and reported at the Executive Management Board Meeting and by the Board of Directors. In addition, four committees have been created under the Environment Committee, with participation from major Group companies and comprising the SUBARU Group’s environmental management organization. In FYE March 2022, the Biodiversity Working Group was established under the Production & Environment Subcommittee, regularly conducting surveys on the objectives of biodiversity activities, as well as issues and planning, promoting biodiversity initiatives. Environmental Risk Management System SUBARU regularly identifies the environmental risks involved in its business activities (environmental accidents, pollution, noncompliance with laws and regulations, etc.) and fosters the management of the identified risks to prevent and minimize their materialization. As of FYE March 2022, we have established a liaison network between relevant SUBARU departments and those in charge of environmental laws and regulations within the Group in Japan. In the future, the entire SUBARU Group in Japan will have shared training on environmental laws and regulations, and the status of compliance with the same, to strengthen the system to prevent environmental risks before they occur. We also standardize the procedures to be followed when detecting an environmental risk and conduct drills in ordinary times so that we can promptly implement response measures in case of emergency and then take measures to prevent the recurrence of similar accidents, while preventing secondary risks from causing the spread of environmental pollution. Implementation of Environmental Audits 1. Regular auditing based on the ISO 14001 environmental management system 2. On-site contractors audits to ensure proper collection, transportation, and disposal of industrial waste 3. On-site audits of compliance with environmental laws, regulations, and ordinances 38 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of
Management System | fices
[TABLE] Environmental Management System
SUBARU comprehensively manages the entire progress and direction of its environmental management measures through the
Environment Committee and based on the cross-company integrated environmental management system (EMS).
The Executive Officer in charge of the Sustainability Division appointed by the Board of Directors oversees the integrated EMS
and chairs the Environment Committee. In principle, the related issues are reviewed regularly, at least once a year, and
details of discussions held by the Environment Committee are reported to the Sustainability Committee. Important issues are
discussed and reported at the Executive Management Board Meeting and by the Board of Directors.
In addition, four committees have been created under the Environment Committee, with participation from major Group
companies and comprising the SUBARU Group’s environmental management organization. In FYE March 2022, the Biodiversity
Working Group was established under the Production & Environment Subcommittee, regularly conducting surveys on the
objectives of biodiversity activities, as well as issues and planning, promoting biodiversity initiatives.
Environmental Risk Management System
SUBARU regularly identifies the environmental risks involved in its business activities (environmental accidents, pollution,
noncompliance with laws and regulations, etc.) and fosters the management of the identified risks to prevent and minimize
their materialization. As of FYE March 2022, we have established a liaison network between relevant SUBARU departments
and those in charge of environmental laws and regulations within the Group in Japan. In the future, the entire SUBARU Group
in Japan will have shared training on environmental laws and regulations, and the status of compliance with the same, to
strengthen the system to prevent environmental risks before they occur. We also standardize the procedures to be followed
when detecting an environmental risk and conduct drills in ordinary times so that we can promptly implement response
measures in case of emergency and then take measures to prevent the recurrence of similar accidents, while preventing
secondary risks from causing the spread of environmental pollution.
Implementation of Environmental Audits
1. Regular auditing based on the ISO 14001 environmental management system
2. On-site contractors audits to ensure proper collection, transportation, and disposal of industrial waste
3. On-site audits of compliance with environmental laws, regulations, and ordinances
38

[PAGE 39]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment Acquisition of External Certification for Environmental Management Systems SUBARU has been working to build an environmental management system, and its sites, suppliers, domestic and overseas consolidated production companies, and dealers have had their environmental management systems certified by external organizations. Major Certifications ISO 14001 SUBARU CORPORATION and its six consolidated production and logistics subsidiaries in Japan and three consolidated production and sales subsidiaries in North America have obtained ISO 14001 certification for their environmental management systems. Eco Action 21 In 2011, 44 SUBARU dealers obtained Eco Action 21 certification, becoming the first automaker-affiliated dealers in Japan to do so. We also began implementing an initiative under the Eco Action 21 value chain model project fostered by the Japanese Ministry of the Environment, which the Ministry certified in 2016 as the first initiative implemented under the project in recognition of its results. We will receive instructions and support from the Institute for Promoting Sustainable Societies (IPSuS), which is the certification body for Eco Action 21, to expand the related activities across the SUBARU Group. At the same time, we will support our suppliers in achieving Eco Action 21 certification, thereby expanding the initiative across our value chain. ISO 50001 In 2012, Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc., which is our production base in North America, became the first automobile production plant in the U.S. to acquire certification for ISO 50001, which is the international standard for energy management systems (EnMS). ISO 39001 Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd. obtained certification for ISO 39001, the international standard for road traffic safety management systems, in 2015. *1 Environmental conservation activity promotion program formulated by Japan’s Ministry of the Environment in which small and medium- sized enterprises (SME) work on three themes: environmental management systems, environmental measures and environmental reporting. *2 This organization examines, plans, and implements new initiatives to build sustainable societies by integrating initiatives related to businesses, such as Eco Action 21, with product- and service-related initiatives to be promoted via supply chains. *3 International standard applicable to all organizations that sets the requirements to be met by business operators when conducting activities to build an energy management system, including the formulation of policies, targets, and plans for their energy use and the determination of management procedures. *4 International standard for road traffic safety management systems. It requires organizations to appropriately manage the factors that could cause traffic accidents and reduce the related risks effectively and efficiently, thereby reducing the number of deaths and serious injuries caused by road traffic accidents. *1 *2 *3 *4 Procedures to be Followed in Case of an Environmental Accident CSR Procurement 39 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of
Procedures to be Followed in Case of an Environmental Accident | fices
[TABLE] Acquisition of External Certification for Environmental Management Systems
SUBARU has been working to build an environmental management system, and its sites, suppliers, domestic and overseas
consolidated production companies, and dealers have had their environmental management systems certified by external
organizations.
Major Certifications
ISO 14001
SUBARU CORPORATION and its six consolidated production and logistics subsidiaries in Japan and three consolidated
production and sales subsidiaries in North America have obtained ISO 14001 certification for their environmental
management systems.
Eco Action 21*1
In 2011, 44 SUBARU dealers obtained Eco Action 21 certification, becoming the first automaker-affiliated dealers in Japan to
do so. We also began implementing an initiative under the Eco Action 21 value chain model project fostered by the Japanese
Ministry of the Environment, which the Ministry certified in 2016 as the first initiative implemented under the project in
recognition of its results. We will receive instructions and support from the Institute for Promoting Sustainable Societies
(IPSuS),*2 which is the certification body for Eco Action 21, to expand the related activities across the SUBARU Group. At the
same time, we will support our suppliers in achieving Eco Action 21 certification, thereby expanding the initiative across our
value chain.
ISO 50001*3
In 2012, Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc., which is our production base in North America, became the first automobile
production plant in the U.S. to acquire certification for ISO 50001, which is the international standard for energy
management systems (EnMS).
ISO 39001*4
Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd. obtained certification for ISO 39001, the international standard for road traffic safety management
systems, in 2015.
*1 Environmental conservation activity promotion program formulated by Japan’s Ministry of the Environment in which small and medium-
sized enterprises (SME) work on three themes: environmental management systems, environmental measures and environmental
reporting.
*2 This organization examines, plans, and implements new initiatives to build sustainable societies by integrating initiatives related to
businesses, such as Eco Action 21, with product- and service-related initiatives to be promoted via supply chains.
*3 International standard applicable to all organizations that sets the requirements to be met by business operators when conducting
activities to build an energy management system, including the formulation of policies, targets, and plans for their energy use and the
determination of management procedures.
*4 International standard for road traffic safety management systems. It requires organizations to appropriately manage the factors that
could cause traffic accidents and reduce the related risks effectively and efficiently, thereby reducing the number of deaths and serious
injuries caused by road traffic accidents.
CSR Procurement
39

[PAGE 40]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment Establishment of EMSs and EnMSs by the SUBARU Group Plants and offices Retailers Suppliers Category SUBARU CORPORATION Head Office Domestic Consolidated Production and Logistics Companies Overseas Consolidated Production Companies Domestic Consolidated Automobile Sales Companies Overseas Consolidated Automobile Sales Companies Certification obtained for EMSs/EnMSs ISO 14001 ISO 14001 ISO 14001 ISO 50001 Eco Action 21 ISO 14001 ISO 14001, Eco Action 21 or self- certification Target Gunma Plant Tokyo Office Utsunomiya Plant Head Office Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd.* Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd.* Yusoki Kogyo K.K.* Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd.* FAS Corporation* Ichitan Co., Ltd. Six companies in total Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. SUBARU dealers 33 companies in total Subaru of America, Inc. Subaru Canada, Inc. Two companies in total Green procurement Suppliers of materials * Group certification SUBARU CORPORATION and its affiliated companies marked with an asterisk (*) carry out mutual internal audits on their EMSs within the scope required for ISO 14001 group certification. Environmental Management Systems Established by Dealers in Japan All consolidated dealers in Japan have acquired Eco Action 21 certification. Under the certification system, they promote their environmental management systems and carry out environmental audits on a regular basis for environmental conservation and compliance with environmental laws and regulations. Moreover, we collect data about domestic dealers’ energy use, CO emissions, waste generation, and water use through the SUBARU Group’s unique data system for environmental reporting and use the data to reduce our environmental impact. Environmental Management Systems Established by Retailers in the U.S. (Subaru of America, Inc.) Subaru of America, Inc. promotes the Eco-Friendly Retailer Program that encourages SUBARU retailers in the U.S. to reduce energy consumption, water usage, waste and other environmental impacts. To be certified under the Eco-Friendly Retailer Program, a company must meet criteria in five areas, including energy efficiency and recycling. At present, 205 companies, or more than 30% of dealers, are participating in the program. M a n a g e m e n t of C h e m ic a l S u b s t a n c e s A range of chemical substances are regulated by laws and regulations, including the REACH regulation, ELV Directive, and the Chemical Substance Control Law, under which we are required to disclose information and ensure the appropriate management of chemical substances. SUBARU is strengthening the management of its supply chain by using the IMDS in order to identify which chemical substances are used in what amount in each of the several tens of thousands of parts that comprise its automobiles. Furthermore, we use SUBARU’s proprietary chemical substance management system (CSMS) to implement management, aiming for prompt information disclosure. Through this initiative, we are ensuring the non-use of prohibited substances (lead, mercury, cadmium, hexavalent chromium, etc.), promoting the replacement of newly regulated substances with alternatives, and establishing a management system that helps us promptly disclose information about the use of substances that we should appropriately manage under REACH and other regulations. We are thereby reducing the use of and managing environmentally hazardous substances. *1 REACH regulation: European regulation on chemical substances requiring all chemical substances to be subject to management or restriction measures commensurate to the risk that they pose to humans and the environment. *2 The End-of Life Vehicles (ELV) Directive: European Union (EU) directive brought into force in 2000 to reduce the environmental impact from the scrapping of end-of-life vehicles in the EU. It aims to prohibit the use of hazardous substances and reduce the generation of 2 *1 *2 *3 *4 *5 40 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of
Establishment of EMSs and EnMSs by the SUBARU Group | fices
[TABLE] Plants and offices Retailers
Overseas
Overseas Domestic
SUBARU Domestic Consolidated Consolidated Suppliers
Consolidated Consolidated
Category CORPORATION Production and Logistics Automobile
Production Automobile Sales
Head Office Companies Sales
Companies Companies
Companies
ISO 14001,
Certification
ISO 14001 Eco Action
obtained for ISO 14001 ISO 14001 Eco Action 21 ISO 14001
ISO 50001 21 or self-
EMSs/EnMSs
certification
Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd.* Subaru of
Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd.* America, Inc.
Gunma Plant
Yusoki Kogyo K.K.* Subaru of Subaru Green
Tokyo Office SUBARU dealers
Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd.* Indiana Canada, Inc. procurement
Target Utsunomiya
FAS Corporation* Automotive, Suppliers of
Plant 33 companies in total
Ichitan Co., Ltd. Inc. Two materials
Head Office
companies in
Six companies in total total
*Group certification SUBARU CORPORATION and its affiliated companies marked with an asterisk (*) carry out mutual internal audits on
their EMSs within the scope required for ISO 14001 group certification.
Environmental Management Systems Established by Dealers in Japan
All consolidated dealers in Japan have acquired Eco Action 21 certification. Under the certification system, they promote their
environmental management systems and carry out environmental audits on a regular basis for environmental conservation
and compliance with environmental laws and regulations.
Moreover, we collect data about domestic dealers’ energy use, CO2 emissions, waste generation, and water use through the
SUBARU Group’s unique data system for environmental reporting and use the data to reduce our environmental impact.
Environmental Management Systems Established by Retailers in the U.S. (Subaru of America,
Inc.)
Subaru of America, Inc. promotes the Eco-Friendly Retailer Program that encourages SUBARU retailers in the U.S. to reduce
energy consumption, water usage, waste and other environmental impacts. To be certified under the Eco-Friendly Retailer
Program, a company must meet criteria in five areas, including energy efficiency and recycling. At present, 205 companies, or
more than 30% of dealers, are participating in the program.
[TABLE] Management of Chemical Substances
A range of chemical substances are regulated by laws and regulations, including the REACH regulation,*1 ELV Directive,*2 and
the Chemical Substance Control Law,*3 under which we are required to disclose information and ensure the appropriate
management of chemical substances.
SUBARU is strengthening the management of its supply chain by using the IMDS*4 in order to identify which chemical
substances are used in what amount in each of the several tens of thousands of parts that comprise its automobiles.
Furthermore, we use SUBARU’s proprietary chemical substance management system (CSMS)*5 to implement management,
aiming for prompt information disclosure.
Through this initiative, we are ensuring the non-use of prohibited substances (lead, mercury, cadmium, hexavalent chromium,
etc.), promoting the replacement of newly regulated substances with alternatives, and establishing a management system
that helps us promptly disclose information about the use of substances that we should appropriately manage under REACH
and other regulations. We are thereby reducing the use of and managing environmentally hazardous substances.
*1 REACH regulation: European regulation on chemical substances requiring all chemical substances to be subject to management or
restriction measures commensurate to the risk that they pose to humans and the environment.
*2 The End-of Life Vehicles (ELV) Directive: European Union (EU) directive brought into force in 2000 to reduce the environmental impact
from the scrapping of end-of-life vehicles in the EU. It aims to prohibit the use of hazardous substances and reduce the generation of
40
[TABLE] Plants and offices | Retailers | Suppliers
[TABLE] Category | SUBARU
CORPORATION
Head Office | Domestic Consolidated
Production and Logistics
Companies | Overseas
Consolidated
Production
Companies | Domestic
Consolidated
Automobile Sales
Companies | Overseas
Consolidated
Automobile
Sales
Companies
[TABLE] Certification
obtained for
EMSs/EnMSs | ISO 14001 | ISO 14001 | ISO 14001
ISO 50001 | Eco Action 21 | ISO 14001 | ISO 14001,
Eco Action
21 or self-
certification
[TABLE] Target | Gunma Plant
Tokyo Office
Utsunomiya
Plant
Head Office | Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd.*
Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd.*
Yusoki Kogyo K.K.*
Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd.*
FAS Corporation*
Ichitan Co., Ltd.
Six companies in total | Subaru of
Indiana
Automotive,
Inc. | SUBARU dealers
33 companies in total | Subaru of
America, Inc.
Subaru
Canada, Inc.
Two
companies in
total | Green
procurement
Suppliers of
materials

[PAGE 41]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment waste by encouraging the reuse and recycling of end-of-life vehicles and their parts. *3 The Act on the Evaluation of Chemical Substances and Regulation of Their Manufacture, etc. (Chemical Substance Control Law) is a law whose purpose is to prevent environmental pollution caused by chemical substances that could harm human health or interfere with the habitat or growth of flora and fauna. *4 IMDS: International Material Data System, an international materials database for the automobile industry. *5 A chemical substance management system is a system for the management of chemical substances contained in products. Prevention of Pollution I n t e r na t i o nal Material Data Sy stem Management of Environmentally Hazardous Substances through the IMDS Ta rgets and Results Environment Action Plan 2030 and Other Key Environmental Initiatives SUBARU i n i t i a t ed i t s new med i um- t e rm env i ronmen t a l p l an i n FYE Ma rch 2022 . Th i s p l an i s f ormu l a t ed a round two t ime l i nes t ha t a re a l i gned wi t h env i ronmen t a l i s sues . Env i ronment Ac t i on P l an 2030 : Th i s i s a Group -wi de p l an wi t h a med i um- t o l ong - t e rm pe r spec t i ve and i n i t i a t i ves t ha t sp i ra l upwa rd t o addres s f u t ure expec t a t i ons . Other key env i ronmenta l i n i t i at i ves : These granu l a r i n i t i a t i ves a re f rom a shor t - t o med i um- t e rm pe r spec t i ve and a re des i gned t o mee t cur ren t expec t a t i ons . The two ma i n f ea t ures o f Env i ronmen t Ac t i on P l an 2030 a re mi l es t one goa l s t o ach i eve by 2050 and mov i ng t a rge t s t ha t change ac cord i ng t o t he expec t a t i ons o f soc i e t y. Through i n i t i a t i ves based on t he new env i ronmen t a l p l an , SUBARU wi l l s i nce re l y addres s t he expec t a t i ons o f cur ren t and f u t ure gene ra t i ons and f ur t he r con t r i bu t e t o t he rea l i za t i on o f a sus t a i nab l e soc i e t y. 41 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of
waste by encouraging the reuse and recycling of end-of-life vehicles and their parts. | fices
[TABLE] *3 The Act on the Evaluation of Chemical Substances and Regulation of Their Manufacture, etc. (Chemical Substance Control Law) is a law
whose purpose is to prevent environmental pollution caused by chemical substances that could harm human health or interfere with the
habitat or growth of flora and fauna.
*4 IMDS: International Material Data System, an international materials database for the automobile industry.
*5 A chemical substance management system is a system for the management of chemical substances contained in products.
Prevention of Pollution
[TABLE] International Material Data System
Management of Environmentally Hazardous Substances through the IMDS
[TABLE] Targets and Results
Environment Action Plan 2030 and Other Key Environmental Initiatives
SUBARU i(cid:32)n(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed i(cid:32)t(cid:32)s new med(cid:32)i(cid:32)um-(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)rm env(cid:32)i(cid:32)ronmen(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)l p(cid:32)l(cid:32)an i(cid:32)n FYE Ma(cid:32)rch 2022(cid:32). Th(cid:32)i(cid:32)s p(cid:32)l(cid:32)an i(cid:32)s f(cid:32)ormu(cid:32)l(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed a(cid:32)round two t(cid:32)ime(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)nes(cid:32)
t(cid:32)ha(cid:32)t a(cid:32)re a(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)gned wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h env(cid:32)i(cid:32)ronmen(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)l i(cid:32)s(cid:32)sues(cid:32).
Env(cid:32)i(cid:32)ronment Ac(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on P(cid:32)l(cid:32)an 2030(cid:32):
Th(cid:32)i(cid:32)s i(cid:32)s a Group(cid:32)-wi(cid:32)de p(cid:32)l(cid:32)an wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h a med(cid:32)i(cid:32)um- t(cid:32)o l(cid:32)ong(cid:32)-(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)rm pe(cid:32)r(cid:32)spec(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve and i(cid:32)n(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ves t(cid:32)ha(cid:32)t sp(cid:32)i(cid:32)ra(cid:32)l upwa(cid:32)rd t(cid:32)o addres(cid:32)s f(cid:32)u(cid:32)t(cid:32)ure(cid:32)
expec(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons(cid:32).
Other key env(cid:32)i(cid:32)ronmenta(cid:32)l i(cid:32)n(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)at(cid:32)i(cid:32)ves(cid:32):
These granu(cid:32)l(cid:32)a(cid:32)r i(cid:32)n(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ves a(cid:32)re f(cid:32)rom a shor(cid:32)t(cid:32)- t(cid:32)o med(cid:32)i(cid:32)um-(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)rm pe(cid:32)r(cid:32)spec(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve and a(cid:32)re des(cid:32)i(cid:32)gned t(cid:32)o mee(cid:32)t cur(cid:32)ren(cid:32)t expec(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons(cid:32).
The two ma(cid:32)i(cid:32)n f(cid:32)ea(cid:32)t(cid:32)ures o(cid:32)f Env(cid:32)i(cid:32)ronmen(cid:32)t Ac(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on P(cid:32)l(cid:32)an 2030 a(cid:32)re mi(cid:32)l(cid:32)es(cid:32)t(cid:32)one goa(cid:32)l(cid:32)s t(cid:32)o ach(cid:32)i(cid:32)eve by 2050 and mov(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)a(cid:32)rge(cid:32)t(cid:32)s t(cid:32)ha(cid:32)t(cid:32)
change ac(cid:32)cord(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)o t(cid:32)he expec(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons o(cid:32)f soc(cid:32)i(cid:32)e(cid:32)t(cid:32)y.
Through i(cid:32)n(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ves based on t(cid:32)he new env(cid:32)i(cid:32)ronmen(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)l p(cid:32)l(cid:32)an(cid:32), SUBARU wi(cid:32)l(cid:32)l s(cid:32)i(cid:32)nce(cid:32)re(cid:32)l(cid:32)y addres(cid:32)s t(cid:32)he expec(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons o(cid:32)f cur(cid:32)ren(cid:32)t and(cid:32)
f(cid:32)u(cid:32)t(cid:32)ure gene(cid:32)ra(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons and f(cid:32)ur(cid:32)t(cid:32)he(cid:32)r con(cid:32)t(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)bu(cid:32)t(cid:32)e t(cid:32)o t(cid:32)he rea(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)za(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on o(cid:32)f a sus(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)i(cid:32)nab(cid:32)l(cid:32)e soc(cid:32)i(cid:32)e(cid:32)t(cid:32)y.
41

[PAGE 42]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment Key Initiatives of Environment Action Plan 2030 Climate Change I. Key Initiatives of Environment Action Plan 2030 Field Long-Term Vision Environment Action Plan 2030 Medium-Term Goals (Primary Category) Short-Term Initiatives (1–3 Years) Major Results in FYE March 2022 Bases Goals by Base Components of Primary Initiatives Scope 1 and 2 (Plants and offices) Target carbon neutrality by FYE March 2051. Reduce CO emissions by 30% in FYE March 2031 compared with FYE March 2017 (total volume basis). Plants Reduce CO emissions from plants in Japan. Reduce CO emissions from plants overseas. 2 2 Reduce CO emissions from parent company in FYE March 2031 by 30% compared with FYE March 2017 (total volume basis). ・ 2 *1 Upgrade cogeneration equipment. ・ Switch to LED lighting. ・ Expand solar power generation facilities. ・ Upgrade equipment. ・ Consolidate production lines. ・ Improve the energy efficiency of existing facilities. ・ Reduce standby power. ・ Purchase CO - free electricity. ・ 2 Switch to LED lighting. ・ Expand solar power generation facilities, use existing solar power generation facilities. ・ Upgrade equipment. ・ Improve the energy efficiency of existing facilities. ・ Reduce standby power. ・ Reduce business trips using company cars through the use of web conferencing. ・ Purchase CO -free electricity. ・ 2 Reduce CO emissions from Group plants in Japan in FYE March 2031 by 10% compared with FYE March 2017 (total volume basis). ・ 2 *2 Continue energy-saving activities. ・ Share best practices. ・ Initiate reduction strategy studies. ・ Introduce or explore introduction of CO -free electricity. ・ 2 Continue energy- saving activities. ・ 2 Reduce CO emissions from overseas plants in FYE March 2031 by 30% compared with FYE March 2017 (total volume basis). ・ 2 *3 Switch to LED lighting. ・ Expand solar power generation facilities. ・ Improve the energy efficiency of existing facilities. ・ Initiate additional reduction strategy studies. ・ Understand energy consumption trends. ・ Continue energy- saving activities. ・ 42 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Environmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmental
Biodiversity
[TABLE] Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Key Initiatives of Environment Action Plan 2030
[TABLE] Key Initiatives of Environment Action Plan 2030
[TABLE] Climate Change
Ⅰ. Key Initiatives of Environment Action Plan 2030
Environment Action Plan 2030
Short-Term
Long-Term Initiatives (1–3
Field Medium-Term
Vision Years) Major Results in
Goals (Primary
FYE March 2022
Category)
Components of
Bases Goals by Base
Primary Initiatives
Scope 1 Target Reduce CO2 ・Switch to LED
and 2 carbon emissions by lighting.
(Plants neutrality 30% in FYE ・Expand solar
and by FYE March 2031 power
offices) March compared with ・Upgrade generation
2051. FYE March 2017 cogeneration facilities, use
(total volume equipment. existing solar
basis). ・Switch to LED power
lighting. generation
・Expand solar facilities.
・Reduce CO2 power ・Upgrade
emissions generation equipment.
facilities.
from parent ・Improve the
company*1 in ・Upgrade energy
FYE March equipment. efficiency of
2031 by 30% ・Consolidate existing
compared production facilities.
with FYE lines. ・Reduce
March 2017 ・Improve the standby
(total volume energy power.
basis).
Reduce CO2 efficiency of ・Reduce
emissions existing business
from plants facilities. trips using
in Japan. ・Reduce standby company
power. cars through
the use of
・Purchase CO2-
web
free electricity.
conferencing.
・Purchase
CO2-free
Plants electricity.
・Reduce CO2
emissions ・Continue ・Introduce or
from Group energy-saving explore
plants in activities. introduction
Japan*2 in
・Share best of CO2-free
FYE March
practices. electricity.
2031 by 10%
compared ・Initiate ・Continue
with FYE reduction energy-
March 2017 strategy saving
(total volume studies. activities.
basis).
・Switch to LED
lighting.
・Reduce CO2 ・Expand solar
emissions power
from generation ・Understand
overseas facilities. energy
Reduce CO2 plants*3 in ・Improve the consumption
emissions FYE March energy trends.
from plants 2031 by 30% efficiency of ・Continue
overseas. compared existing energy-
with FYE facilities. saving
March 2017 ・Initiate activities.
(total volume
additional
basis).
reduction
strategy
studies.
42
[TABLE] Field | Long-Term
Vision | Environment Action Plan 2030
[TABLE] Medium-Term
Goals (Primary
Category) | Short-Term
Initiatives (1–3
Years) | Major Results in
FYE March 2022
[TABLE] Bases | Goals by Base | Components of
Primary Initiatives
[TABLE] Scope 1
and 2
(Plants
and
offices) | Target
carbon
neutrality
by FYE
March
2051. | Reduce CO2
emissions by
30% in FYE
March 2031
compared with
FYE March 2017
(total volume
basis). | Plants | Reduce CO2
emissions
from plants
in Japan. | ・Reduce CO2
emissions
from parent
company*1 in
FYE March
2031 by 30%
compared
with FYE
March 2017
(total volume
basis). | ・Upgrade
cogeneration
equipment.
・Switch to LED
lighting.
・Expand solar
power
generation
facilities.
・Upgrade
equipment.
・Consolidate
production
lines.
・Improve the
energy
efficiency of
existing
facilities.
・Reduce standby
power.
・Purchase CO2-
free electricity. | ・Switch to LED
lighting.
・Expand solar
power
generation
facilities, use
existing solar
power
generation
facilities.
・Upgrade
equipment.
・Improve the
energy
efficiency of
existing
facilities.
・Reduce
standby
power.
・Reduce
business
trips using
company
cars through
the use of
web
conferencing.
・Purchase
CO2-free
electricity.
[TABLE] ・Reduce CO2
emissions
from Group
plants in
Japan*2 in
FYE March
2031 by 10%
compared
with FYE
March 2017
(total volume
basis). | ・Continue
energy-saving
activities.
・Share best
practices.
・Initiate
reduction
strategy
studies. | ・Introduce or
explore
introduction
of CO2-free
electricity.
・Continue
energy-
saving
activities.
[TABLE] Reduce CO2
emissions
from plants
overseas. | ・Reduce CO2
emissions
from
overseas
plants*3 in
FYE March
2031 by 30%
compared
with FYE
March 2017
(total volume
basis). | ・Switch to LED
lighting.
・Expand solar
power
generation
facilities.
・Improve the
energy
efficiency of
existing
facilities.
・Initiate
additional
reduction
strategy
studies. | ・Understand
energy
consumption
trends.
・Continue
energy-
saving
activities.
[TABLE] 42

[PAGE 43]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment Field Long-Term Vision Environment Action Plan 2030 Medium-Term Goals (Primary Category) Short-Term Initiatives (1–3 Years) Major Results in FYE March 2022 Bases Goals by Base Components of Primary Initiatives Head Office Reduce CO emissions from the Head Office building . Dealership Reduce CO emissions from dealerships in Japan. Scope 3 (Products) On a well- to- wheel basis, we will pursue our goal of reducing the average CO emissions from new vehicles (in operation) sold worldwide by at least 90% by 2050, compared with 2010. Automobiles Improve fuel economy and equip vehicles with electrification technology. Clean energy use. 2 *4 Reduce CO emissions to zero. ・ 2 Continue energy-saving activities. ・ Purchase CO - free electricity. ・ 2 Utilize power and heat certificates. ・ Achieve zero CO emissions at the Subaru Building housing the Head Office. ・ 2 Convert all power at Takao Training Center to CO -free electricity through use of certificates. ・ 2 2 Aggregate information and upgrade systems to reduce CO emissions. ・ 2 Continue energy-saving activities. ・ Share best practices. ・ Initiate reduction strategy studies. ・ Investigate the status of utilization of CO -free electricity and understand the status of its introduction. ・ 2 *5 2 *6 By 2030, we will pursue our goal of [increasing the ratio of electric vehicles (EVs) and hybrid electric cars (HEVs) to at least up to 40% of the gross number of vehicles sold globally. ・ In the early 2030s, all commercial SUBARU cars will be equipped with electrification technology . ・ *7 *8 Begin marketing strong hybrid electric vehicles (SHEVs). ・ Increase models equipped with electrification technology. ・ Improve the fuel efficiency of internal combustion engines. ・ Mass production of SHEVs. ・ Conduct research to add EVs to lineup. ・ Equip more vehicles with environmentally responsible engines. ・ Decide on the launch of the next- generation e- BOXER. ・ Decide on production bases. ・ Conduct research and development to launch BEVs. ・ Begin marketing BEVs. ・ Mass production and marketing of BEVs. ・ Research BEVs. ・ Begin marketing the SOLTERRA. ・ Decide to produce BEVs in-house around 2025. ・ 43 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Mess | age on Sustainabilit
from the CEO | y The SUBARU G
Sustainabili | roup’s
ty | EEnnvviirroonnmmeennt | t | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability | ORPORATION
Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmen | tal Env | ironmentally | Climate | Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmental
Biodiversity
[TABLE] Mana | geme | nt Friend | ly Automobiles | Change | Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of | fices
[TABLE] Environment Action Plan 2030
[TABLE] Field | Long-Term
Vision | Medium-Term
Goals (Primary
Category) | Short-Term
Initiatives (1–3
Years) | Major Results in
FYE March 2022
[TABLE] Bases | Goals by Base | Components of
Primary Initiatives
[TABLE] Head Office | Reduce CO2
emissions
from the
Head Office
building*4. | ・Reduce CO2
emissions to
zero. | ・Continue
energy-saving
activities.
・Purchase CO2-
free electricity.
・Utilize power
and heat
certificates. | ・Achieve zero
CO2
emissions at
the Subaru
Building
housing the
Head Office.
・Convert all
power at
Takao
Training
Center to
CO2-free
electricity
through use
of
certificates.
[TABLE] Dealership | Reduce CO2
emissions
from
dealerships
in Japan. | ・Aggregate
information
and upgrade
systems to
reduce CO2
emissions. | ・Continue
energy-saving
activities.
・Share best
practices.
・Initiate
reduction
strategy
studies. | ・Investigate
the status of
utilization of
CO2-free
electricity
and
understand
the status of
its
introduction.
[TABLE] Scope 3
(Products) | On a well-
to-
wheel*5
basis, we
will
pursue
our goal
of
reducing
the
average
CO2
emissions
from new
vehicles
(in
operation)
sold
worldwide
by at least
90% by
2050,
compared
with
2010.*6 | ・By 2030, we
will pursue
our goal of
[increasing
the ratio of
electric
vehicles (EVs)
and hybrid
electric cars
(HEVs) to at
least up to
40% of the
gross
number of
vehicles sold
globally.
・In the early
2030s, all
commercial
SUBARU
cars*7 will be
equipped
with
electrification
technology*8. | Automobiles | Improve fuel
economy and
equip
vehicles with
electrification
technology. | ・Begin
marketing
strong hybrid
electric
vehicles
(SHEVs).
・Increase
models
equipped
with
electrification
technology.
・Improve the
fuel
efficiency of
internal
combustion
engines. | ・Mass
production of
SHEVs.
・Conduct
research to add
EVs to lineup.
・Equip more
vehicles with
environmentally
responsible
engines. | ・Decide on
the launch of
the next-
generation e-
BOXER.
・Decide on
production
bases.
[TABLE] Clean energy
use. | ・Conduct
research and
development
to launch
BEVs.
・Begin
marketing
BEVs. | ・Mass
production and
marketing of
BEVs.
・Research BEVs. | ・Begin
marketing
the
SOLTERRA.
・Decide to
produce BEVs
in-house
around 2025.
[TABLE] 43

[PAGE 44]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment Field Long-Term Vision Environment Action Plan 2030 Medium-Term Goals (Primary Category) Short-Term Initiatives (1–3 Years) Major Results in FYE March 2022 Bases Goals by Base Components of Primary Initiatives Road traffic improvement – IT technology (Self-driving technology and preventive safety technology). *1 Gunma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant *2 Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd., Ichitan Co., Ltd., Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd., Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd., Yusoki Kogyo K.K. *3 Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. *4 Head Office floors of the Ebisu Subaru Building (Shibuya-ku, Tokyo) *5 Well-to-wheel: Approach to calculating CO emissions including the emissions produced by the generation of electricity to be used by EVs and other vehicles. *6 Reduce total CO emissions calculated based on the fuel efficiency (notified value) of all SUBARU automobiles sold across the world by 90% or more relative to the 2010 levels in 2050. Changes in the sales quantity due to changes in the market environment shall be taken into consideration, while minor changes in running distance shall not. *7 Excluding models supplied by OEMs. *8 Refers to the technology used to foster the use of electricity for EVs, HEVs, and others. II. Other key environmental initiatives Field Item Short-Term Initiatives (1–3 Years) Major Results in FYE March 2022 Distribution Implement measures to reduce CO in line with the Energy Saving Law. Resource Recycling I. Key Initiatives of Environment Action Plan 2030 Field Long-Term Vision Environment Action Plan 2030 Medium-Term Goals Short-Term Initiatives (1–3 Years) Major Results in FYE March 2022 Components of Primary Initiatives Products (automobiles) Contribute to resource recycling and carbon neutrality. Develop driving assistance technology and preventive safety technology centered on the EyeSight Advanced Driver Assistance System and expand into more markets. ・ Enhance recognition performance of next-generation EyeSight to alleviate traffic congestion and improve traffic flow. Begin marketing and expand use of highly functional driver assist controls. ・ Expand deployment of next- generation EyeSight to the Forester and Outback. ・ 2 2 2 Reduce CO emission intensity by 1% every year, using FYE March 2007 as a benchmark. ・ 2 Continuously promote improvement activities, such as higher loading rates, review of transportation routes, and joint transportation. ・ CO emissions for finished vehicles per unit for FYE March 2022 were 27.13 kg/unit, which was below the target of 28.01 kg/per unit (1% reduction every fiscal year from the FYE March 2007 benchmark). ・ 2 Target the use of recycled materials for more than 25% of the plastic used in new models sold worldwide by 2030. ・ *1 *2 Adopt CO -free materials such as biomass plastic. ・ 2 Proactively adopt plastic materials that have less environmental impact. ・ *3 Establish milestones for SUBARU’s 2030 goals, and determine outlook for achieving initial milestones. Further support achievement of goals with ongoing studies to expand scope of encompassed parts. ・ Formulate stepwise targets for utilizing recycled plastic, sequentially introducing these in eligible development models. ・ 44 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Mess | age on Sustainabilit
from the CEO | y The SUBARU G
Sustainabili | roup’s
ty | EEnnvviirroonnmmeennt | t | Soci | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
al Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability | ORPORATION
Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmen | tal Env | ironmentally | Climate | Resource | Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmental
Biodiversity
[TABLE] Mana | geme | nt Friend | ly Automobiles | Change | Recycling | Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of | fices
[TABLE] Environment Action Plan 2030
[TABLE] Short-Term
Long-Term Initiatives (1–3
Field Medium-Term
Vision Years) Major Results in
Goals (Primary
FYE March 2022
Category)
Components of
Bases Goals by Base
Primary Initiatives
・Develop
driving ・Enhance
assistance recognition
technology performance of
Road traffic
and next-generation
improvement
preventive EyeSight to ・Expand
– IT
safety alleviate traffic deployment
technology
technology congestion and of next-
(Self-driving
centered on improve traffic generation
technology
the EyeSight flow. Begin EyeSight to
and
Advanced marketing and the Forester
preventive
Driver expand use of and Outback.
safety
Assistance highly
technology).
System and functional
expand into driver assist
more controls.
markets.
*1 Gunma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant
*2 Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd., Ichitan Co., Ltd., Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd., Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd., Yusoki Kogyo K.K.
*3 Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
*4 Head Office floors of the Ebisu Subaru Building (Shibuya-ku, Tokyo)
*5 Well-to-wheel: Approach to calculating CO2 emissions including the emissions produced by the generation of electricity to be used by EVs
and other vehicles.
*6 Reduce total CO2 emissions calculated based on the fuel efficiency (notified value) of all SUBARU automobiles sold across the world by
90% or more relative to the 2010 levels in 2050. Changes in the sales quantity due to changes in the market environment shall be taken
into consideration, while minor changes in running distance shall not.
*7 Excluding models supplied by OEMs.
*8 Refers to the technology used to foster the use of electricity for EVs, HEVs, and others.
Ⅱ. Other key environmental initiatives
Short-Term Initiatives (1–3
Field Item Major Results in FYE March 2022
Years)
・Continuously promote improvement activities, such as higher
loading rates, review of transportation routes, and joint
Implement measures ・Reduce CO2 emission transportation.
to reduce CO2 in line intensity by 1% every
Distribution ・CO2 emissions for finished vehicles per unit for FYE March 2022
with the Energy year, using FYE March
were 27.13 kg/unit, which was below the target of 28.01 kg/per
Saving Law. 2007 as a benchmark.
unit (1% reduction every fiscal year from the FYE March 2007
benchmark).
Resource Recycling
Ⅰ. Key Initiatives of Environment Action Plan 2030
Environment Action Plan 2030
Long-Term
Field Short-Term Initiatives (1–3 Years)
Vision Major Results in FYE
Medium-Term Goals
March 2022
Components of Primary Initiatives
・Target the use of
recycled materials*1
for more than 25% of
the plastic used in ・Formulate stepwise
Contribute new models sold ・Establish milestones for SUBARU’s 2030 targets for utilizing
to resource worldwide*2 by 2030. goals, and determine outlook for achieving recycled plastic,
Products
recycling ・Adopt CO2-free initial milestones. Further support sequentially
(automobiles)
and carbon materials such as achievement of goals with ongoing studies introducing these in
neutrality. biomass plastic. to expand scope of encompassed parts. eligible development
・Proactively adopt models.
plastic materials*3
that have less
environmental impact.
44 | Field | Long-Term
Vision | Medium-Term
Goals (Primary
Category) | Short-Term
Initiatives (1–3
Years) | Major Results in
FYE March 2022
[TABLE] Ba | ses | Goals by Base | Components of
Primary Initiatives
[TABLE] Road traffic
improvement
– IT
technology
(Self-driving
technology
and
preventive
safety
technology). | ・Develop
driving
assistance
technology
and
preventive
safety
technology
centered on
the EyeSight
Advanced
Driver
Assistance
System and
expand into
more
markets. | ・Enhance
recognition
performance of
next-generation
EyeSight to
alleviate traffic
congestion and
improve traffic
flow. Begin
marketing and
expand use of
highly
functional
driver assist
controls. | ・Expand
deployment
of next-
generation
EyeSight to
the Forester
and Outback.
[TABLE] Field | Item | Short-Term Initiatives (1–3
Years) | Major Results in FYE March 2022
[TABLE] Distribution | Implement measures
to reduce CO2 in line
with the Energy
Saving Law. | ・Reduce CO2 emission
intensity by 1% every
year, using FYE March
2007 as a benchmark. | ・Continuously promote improvement activities, such as higher
loading rates, review of transportation routes, and joint
transportation.
・CO2 emissions for finished vehicles per unit for FYE March 2022
were 27.13 kg/unit, which was below the target of 28.01 kg/per
unit (1% reduction every fiscal year from the FYE March 2007
benchmark).
[TABLE] Field | Long-Term
Vision | Environment Action Plan 2030
[TABLE] Medium-Term Goals | Short-Term Initiatives (1–3 Years) | Major Results in FYE
March 2022
[TABLE] Components of Primary Initiatives
[TABLE] Products
(automobiles) | Contribute
to resource
recycling
and carbon
neutrality. | ・Target the use of
recycled materials*1
for more than 25% of
the plastic used in
new models sold
worldwide*2 by 2030.
・Adopt CO2-free
materials such as
biomass plastic.
・Proactively adopt
plastic materials*3
that have less
environmental impact. | ・Establish milestones for SUBARU’s 2030
goals, and determine outlook for achieving
initial milestones. Further support
achievement of goals with ongoing studies
to expand scope of encompassed parts. | ・Formulate stepwise
targets for utilizing
recycled plastic,
sequentially
introducing these in
eligible development
models.
[TABLE] 44

[PAGE 45]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment Field Long-Term Vision Environment Action Plan 2030 Medium-Term Goals Short-Term Initiatives (1–3 Years) Major Results in FYE March 2022 Components of Primary Initiatives Production Help create a recycling- oriented society with clean production plants. Achieve zero emissions at production plants in Japan and overseas (zero landfill waste either directly or indirectly). Maintain zero emissions at production plants in Japan and overseas (zero landfill waste either directly or indirectly). Appropriately manage water use at both domestic and overseas production plants. Maintain appropriate management of water use at production plants in Japan and overseas. Maintain appropriate management of water use at both domestic and overseas production plants. *1 Including material, chemical, and plastic recycling. *2 Excluding models supplied by OEMs. *3 Materials and suppliers with lower CO emissions and environmental pollution at the manufacturing stage. *4 Parent company: Gunma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant; Subsidiaries: Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd., Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd., Ichitan Co., Ltd., Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd., Yusoki Kogyo K.K., Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. II. Other key environmental initiatives Field Item Short-Term Initiatives (1–3 Years) Major Results in FYE March 2022 Products (automobiles) Recyclability improvement Promotion of life-cycle assessment Promote disclosure of life-cycle assessment (LCA) data. Calculate LCA for the new Outback, WRX, and BRZ. Production Waste control and proper disposal Continue to control waste generation through means such as improving yield and packing style, and properly dispose of waste. Maintain proper disposal and conversion into valuable resources of waste through waste separation. Pollution Prevention and Reduction of Hazardous Chemical Use I. Key Initiatives of Environment Action Plan 2030 Field Long-Term Vision Environment Action Plan 2030 Medium-Term Goals Short-Term Initiatives (1–3 Years) Major Results in FYE March 2022 Components of Primary Initiatives Production Coexist with communities with production plants that are socially and environmentally responsible. Target zero serious environmental accidents. * Zero emissions into the environment, accidents, complaints, or violations of statutory standards. *4 Maintain zero emissions at production plants in Japan and overseas (zero landfill waste either directly or indirectly). ・ Study utilization of plastic recycling (simple incineration → expansion of thermal recycling and material recycling). ・ *4 *4 *4 2 Continue to implement measures to comply with the Automobile Recycling Law. ・ Continue to implement measures to make parts and materials more detachable, separable, and sortable. ・ Contribute to a 95% recycling efficiency rate ・ Conduct in-house education to permeate environmentally friendly and easy-to- dismantle design. ・ Continue to promote the display of material information in accordance with in-house standards. ・ Achieve a recyclability rate of more than 95%. ・ Make efforts for CFRP recycling technology. ・ * Zero environmental accidents, complaints, or violations of statutory standards. ・ Set voluntary standards above statutory levels. ・ Conduct internal/external education. ・ Conduct daily environmental inspections and environmental patrols. ・ 45 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CO
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability | RPORATION
Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmental
Biodiversity
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offi
Environment Action Plan 2030 | ces
[TABLE] Long-Term
Field Short-Term Initiatives (1–3 Years)
Vision Major Results in FYE
Medium-Term Goals
March 2022
Components of Primary Initiatives
・Maintain zero
emissions at
production plants in
Japan and overseas
Achieve zero emissions at (zero landfill waste
production plants*4 in Maintain zero emissions at production plants either directly or
Help create a Japan and overseas (zero in Japan and overseas (zero landfill waste indirectly).
recycling- landfill waste either either directly or indirectly). ・Study utilization of
oriented directly or indirectly). plastic recycling
Production society with (simple incineration →
clean expansion of thermal
production recycling and material
plants. recycling).
Maintain appropriate
Appropriately manage
Maintain appropriate management of water management of water use
water use at both
use at production plants in Japan and at both domestic and
domestic and overseas
overseas.*4 overseas production
production plants.*4
plants.*4
*1 Including material, chemical, and plastic recycling.
*2 Excluding models supplied by OEMs.
*3 Materials and suppliers with lower CO2 emissions and environmental pollution at the manufacturing stage.
*4 Parent company: Gunma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant; Subsidiaries: Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd., Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd., Ichitan
Co., Ltd., Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd., Yusoki Kogyo K.K., Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
Ⅱ. Other key environmental initiatives
Field Item Short-Term Initiatives (1–3 Years) Major Results in FYE March 2022
・Continue to implement measures to comply with the ・Conduct in-house education to permeate
Automobile Recycling Law. environmentally friendly and easy-to-
dismantle design.
・Continue to implement measures to make parts and
Recyclability materials more detachable, separable, and sortable. ・Continue to promote the display of
improvement ・Contribute to a 95% recycling efficiency rate material information in accordance with
Products in-house standards.
(automobiles) ・Achieve a recyclability rate of more than
・Make efforts for CFRP recycling technology. 95%.
Promotion of
Calculate LCA for the new Outback, WRX, and
life-cycle Promote disclosure of life-cycle assessment (LCA) data.
BRZ.
assessment
Waste control Continue to control waste generation through means Maintain proper disposal and conversion
Production and proper such as improving yield and packing style, and properly into valuable resources of waste through
disposal dispose of waste. waste separation.
Pollution Prevention and Reduction of Hazardous Chemical Use
Ⅰ. Key Initiatives of Environment Action Plan 2030
Environment Action Plan 2030
Short-Term Initiatives (1–3
Field Long-Term Vision Years)
Medium-Term Major Results in FYE March
Goals 2022
Components of Primary
Initiatives
・Conduct
・Zero environmental
internal/external
Coexist with communities with T s a e r r g io e u t s zero a vi c o c l i a d t e io n n ts s , o c f o m sta p t la u i t n o t r s y , or education.
Production production plants that are socially and environmental standards. ・Conduct daily
environmentally responsible. environmental
accidents.* ・Set voluntary standards
inspections and
above statutory levels.
environmental patrols.
* Zero emissions into the environment, accidents, complaints, or violations of statutory standards.
45
[TABLE] Environment Action Plan 2030
[TABLE] Field | Long-Term
Vision
[TABLE] Medium-Term Goals | Short-Term Initiatives (1–3 Years) | Major Results in FYE
March 2022
[TABLE] Components of Primary Initiatives
[TABLE] Production | Help create a
recycling-
oriented
society with
clean
production
plants. | Achieve zero emissions at
production plants*4 in
Japan and overseas (zero
landfill waste either
directly or indirectly). | Maintain zero emissions at production plants
in Japan and overseas (zero landfill waste
either directly or indirectly). | ・Maintain zero
emissions at
production plants in
Japan and overseas
(zero landfill waste
either directly or
indirectly).
・Study utilization of
plastic recycling
(simple incineration →
expansion of thermal
recycling and material
recycling).
[TABLE] Appropriately manage
water use at both
domestic and overseas
production plants.*4 | Maintain appropriate management of water
use at production plants in Japan and
overseas.*4 | Maintain appropriate
management of water use
at both domestic and
overseas production
plants.*4
[TABLE] Field | Item | Short-Term Initiatives (1–3 Years) | Major Results in FYE March 2022
[TABLE] Products
(automobiles) | Recyclability
improvement | ・Continue to implement measures to comply with the
Automobile Recycling Law.
・Continue to implement measures to make parts and
materials more detachable, separable, and sortable.
・Contribute to a 95% recycling efficiency rate | ・Conduct in-house education to permeate
environmentally friendly and easy-to-
dismantle design.
・Continue to promote the display of
material information in accordance with
in-house standards.
・Achieve a recyclability rate of more than
95%.
[TABLE] ・Make efforts for CFRP recycling technology.
[TABLE] Promotion of
life-cycle
assessment | Promote disclosure of life-cycle assessment (LCA) data. | Calculate LCA for the new Outback, WRX, and
BRZ.
[TABLE] Production | Waste control
and proper
disposal | Continue to control waste generation through means
such as improving yield and packing style, and properly
dispose of waste. | Maintain proper disposal and conversion
into valuable resources of waste through
waste separation.
[TABLE] Field | Long-Term Vision | Environment Action Plan 2030
[TABLE] Medium-Term
Goals | Short-Term Initiatives (1–3
Years) | Major Results in FYE March
2022
[TABLE] Components of Primary
Initiatives
[TABLE] Production | Coexist with communities with
production plants that are socially and
environmentally responsible. | Target zero
serious
environmental
accidents.* | ・Zero environmental
accidents, complaints, or
violations of statutory
standards.
・Set voluntary standards
above statutory levels. | ・Conduct
internal/external
education.
・Conduct daily
environmental
inspections and
environmental patrols.

[PAGE 46]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment Field Item Short-Term Initiatives (1–3 Years) Major Results in FYE March 2022 Components of Primary Initiatives Products (automobiles) Promote the introduction of low- emission vehicles to improve air quality. Promote the management and reduction in the use of environmentally hazardous substances. Production Further reduce per unit of volatile organic compound (VOC) emissions (g/m ) at production lines. Continue to reduce emissions of Pollutant Release and Transfer Register (PRTR) substances into the environment. Disclosure and Discussion of Coexistence with Communities and Environmental Information I. Key Initiatives of Environment Action Plan 2030 Field Medium-Term Goals Environment Action Plan 2030 Short-Term Initiatives (1–3 Years) Major Results in FYE March 2022 Components of Primary Initiatives Management Coexist with communities through activities to preserve nature. Earn greater trust from society through environmental information disclosure and dialogue. Japan: Increase the number of WLTP low-emission standard certified models (vehicles produced by SUBARU). ・ Increase the number of WLTP low- emission standard certified models. ・ Overseas: Introduce low-emission vehicles to improve air quality in countries and regions. ・ Launch advance development for the next LEV4 regulation in North America. ・ Expand introduction of vehicles with gasoline particulate filter (GPF) for delivery to Europe. ・ Improve management of chemical substances contained in products. ・ Maintain improvement of management of chemical substances contained in products. ・ Promote switching to substances with lower environmental impact. ・ Switching to phthalate esters, etc., in preparation for stricter regulations. Completed 40% of planned switching in the previous year’s results. ・ 2 Reduce unit VOC emissions. ・ Actual: 49.2 g/m vs. Target: 47.4 g/m ・ 2 2 Identify and manage the chemical substances regulated by the PRTR law and promote further reduction in the use of these substances. ・ Manage with utilization of the PRTR system. ・ Build relationships with residents through means including plant opening events. ・ Participate in local cleanup and greening activities, including biodiversity preservation. ・ Collaborate with local governments and environmental preservation groups. ・ Newly establish the Biodiversity Working Group. ・ Gunma: Online factory tours at the Yajima Visitor Center. ・ Tokyo: SDGs online classes for local elementary schools in Mitaka City. ・ Utsunomiya: Remote teaching of school classes. ・ SUBARU Forest (purchase of J-Credits for a forest owned by Bifuka Town, Hokkaido), etc. ・ Continuously improve disclosure information. ・ Collaborate with external evaluation organizations. ・ Promote constructive dialogue with investors, etc. ・ Disclose environmental targets in integrated reports, sustainability reports, notices of convocation, securities reports, etc. ・ Hold dialogues and briefings with analysts and institutional investors (SR investor engagements with 19 companies). ・ II. Other key environmental initiatives 46 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CO
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability | RPORATION
Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmental
Biodiversity
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offi | ces
[TABLE] Ⅱ. Other key environmental initiatives
Short-Term Initiatives (1–3 Years)
Field Item Major Results in FYE March 2022
Components of Primary Initiatives
・Japan: Increase the number of WLTP
low-emission standard certified ・Increase the number of WLTP low-
models (vehicles produced by emission standard certified models.
SUBARU).
Promote the introduction of low-
emission vehicles to improve air
・Launch advance development for the
quality.
・Overseas: Introduce low-emission next LEV4 regulation in North America.
vehicles to improve air quality in ・Expand introduction of vehicles with
countries and regions. gasoline particulate filter (GPF) for
Products delivery to Europe.
(automobiles)
・Maintain improvement of management
・Improve management of chemical
of chemical substances contained in
substances contained in products.
products.
Promote the management and
reduction in the use of
environmentally hazardous ・Switching to phthalate esters, etc., in
substances. ・Promote switching to substances preparation for stricter regulations.
with lower environmental impact. Completed 40% of planned switching in
the previous year’s results.
Further reduce per unit of
volatile organic compound (VOC) ・Reduce unit VOC emissions. ・Actual: 49.2 g/m2 vs. Target: 47.4 g/m2
emissions (g/m2) at production
lines.
Production
Continue to reduce emissions of ・Identify and manage the chemical
Pollutant Release and Transfer substances regulated by the PRTR ・Manage with utilization of the PRTR
Register (PRTR) substances into law and promote further reduction in system.
the environment. the use of these substances.
Disclosure and Discussion of Coexistence with Communities and Environmental Information
Ⅰ. Key Initiatives of Environment Action Plan 2030
Environment Action Plan 2030
Short-Term Initiatives (1–3 Years)
Field Medium-Term Goals
Major Results in FYE March 2022
Components of Primary
Initiatives
・Build relationships with
residents through means ・Newly establish the Biodiversity Working
including plant opening Group.
events. ・Gunma: Online factory tours at the Yajima
・Participate in local cleanup Visitor Center.
Coexist with communities through and greening activities, ・Tokyo: SDGs online classes for local
activities to preserve nature. including biodiversity elementary schools in Mitaka City.
preservation. ・Utsunomiya: Remote teaching of school
・Collaborate with local classes.
Management governments and ・SUBARU Forest (purchase of J-Credits for a
environmental preservation forest owned by Bifuka Town, Hokkaido), etc.
groups.
・Continuously improve ・Disclose environmental targets in integrated
Earn greater trust from society disclosure information. reports, sustainability reports, notices of
through environmental ・Collaborate with external convocation, securities reports, etc.
information disclosure and evaluation organizations. ・Hold dialogues and briefings with analysts
dialogue. ・Promote constructive dialogue and institutional investors (SR investor
with investors, etc. engagements with 19 companies).
46
[TABLE] Field | Item | Short-Term Initiatives (1–3 Years) | Major Results in FYE March 2022
[TABLE] Components of Primary Initiatives
[TABLE] Products
(automobiles) | Promote the introduction of low-
emission vehicles to improve air
quality. | ・Japan: Increase the number of WLTP
low-emission standard certified
models (vehicles produced by
SUBARU). | ・Increase the number of WLTP low-
emission standard certified models.
[TABLE] ・Overseas: Introduce low-emission
vehicles to improve air quality in
countries and regions. | ・Launch advance development for the
next LEV4 regulation in North America.
・Expand introduction of vehicles with
gasoline particulate filter (GPF) for
delivery to Europe.
[TABLE] Promote the management and
reduction in the use of
environmentally hazardous
substances. | ・Improve management of chemical
substances contained in products. | ・Maintain improvement of management
of chemical substances contained in
products.
[TABLE] ・Promote switching to substances
with lower environmental impact. | ・Switching to phthalate esters, etc., in
preparation for stricter regulations.
Completed 40% of planned switching in
the previous year’s results.
[TABLE] Production | Further reduce per unit of
volatile organic compound (VOC)
emissions (g/m2) at production
lines. | ・Reduce unit VOC emissions. | ・Actual: 49.2 g/m2 vs. Target: 47.4 g/m2
[TABLE] Continue to reduce emissions of
Pollutant Release and Transfer
Register (PRTR) substances into
the environment. | ・Identify and manage the chemical
substances regulated by the PRTR
law and promote further reduction in
the use of these substances. | ・Manage with utilization of the PRTR
system.
[TABLE] Field | Medium-Term Goals | Environment Action Plan 2030
[TABLE] Short-Term Initiatives (1–3 Years) | Major Results in FYE March 2022
[TABLE] Components of Primary
Initiatives
[TABLE] Management | Coexist with communities through
activities to preserve nature. | ・Build relationships with
residents through means
including plant opening
events.
・Participate in local cleanup
and greening activities,
including biodiversity
preservation.
・Collaborate with local
governments and
environmental preservation
groups. | ・Newly establish the Biodiversity Working
Group.
・Gunma: Online factory tours at the Yajima
Visitor Center.
・Tokyo: SDGs online classes for local
elementary schools in Mitaka City.
・Utsunomiya: Remote teaching of school
classes.
・SUBARU Forest (purchase of J-Credits for a
forest owned by Bifuka Town, Hokkaido), etc.
[TABLE] Earn greater trust from society
through environmental
information disclosure and
dialogue. | ・Continuously improve
disclosure information.
・Collaborate with external
evaluation organizations.
・Promote constructive dialogue
with investors, etc. | ・Disclose environmental targets in integrated
reports, sustainability reports, notices of
convocation, securities reports, etc.
・Hold dialogues and briefings with analysts
and institutional investors (SR investor
engagements with 19 companies).

[PAGE 47]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment Collaborate with Customers and Promote Environmental Management Other key environmental initiatives environmental initiatives Field Item Short-Term Initiatives (1–3 Years) Major Results in FYE March 2022 Procurement Request suppliers in Japan and overseas to build, maintain, and strengthen an environmental management system (EMS). Reduce environmentally hazardous substances. Apply the supplier CSR guidelines and green procurement guidelines. Sales (automobiles) Provide support to SUBARU dealerships’ environmental activities. Management Operate and upgrade environmental management systems. * Environmental conservation activity promotion program formulated by Japan’s Ministry of the Environment in which SMEs work on three themes: environmental management systems, environmental initiatives, and environmental reporting. environmental initiatives Continue to establish and maintain the EMS including with new suppliers. ・ Confirm maintenance of EMS establishment by 356 mass production suppliers. ・ Request that the entire supply chain improve environmental management throughout the product life cycle. ・ As part of environmental management, hold interviews with major suppliers regarding issues and plans for the use of recycled resin materials. ・ Expand management and promote reduction of environmentally hazardous substances contained in parts and raw materials at suppliers. ・ Conduct online briefings by the technical department for major suppliers to enhance chemical substance management through the use of IMDS. ・ Revise the guidelines according to changes in the social environment and Company policy, and request suppliers to deploy, disseminate, and comply with the guidelines. ・ Revise and publish guidelines incorporating the contents of Environment Action Plan 2030. ・ Support all dealerships for maintaining Eco Action 21 certification. ・ * Check certification renewal status. ・ Conduct system maintenance. ・ Support maintenance of voluntary environmental initiatives such as energy environmental initiatives saving and waste reduction utilizing Eco Action 21. ・ Maintain ISO 14001 integrated certification for all Company sites. ・ Maintain ISO 14001 integrated certification. ・ Make continuous improvements to the environmental management system. ・ Make continuous improvements to the environmental management system. ・ 47 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Environmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmental
Biodiversity
[TABLE] Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Collaborate with Customers and Promote Environmental Management
[TABLE] Collaborate with Customers and Promote Environmental Management
[TABLE] Other key eennvviirroonnmmeennttaall iinniittiiaattiivveess
Field Item Short-Term Initiatives (1–3 Years) Major Results in FYE March 2022
・Confirm maintenance of EMS
・Continue to establish and maintain the
establishment by 356 mass
EMS including with new suppliers.
production suppliers.
Request suppliers in Japan and
overseas to build, maintain,
and strengthen an ・As part of environmental
environmental management ・Request that the entire supply chain management, hold interviews with
system (EMS). improve environmental management major suppliers regarding issues
throughout the product life cycle. and plans for the use of recycled
resin materials.
Procurement ・Conduct online briefings by the
・Expand management and promote
technical department for major
Reduce environmentally reduction of environmentally hazardous
suppliers to enhance chemical
hazardous substances. substances contained in parts and raw
substance management through
materials at suppliers.
the use of IMDS.
・Revise the guidelines according to
Apply the supplier CSR changes in the social environment and ・Revise and publish guidelines
guidelines and green Company policy, and request suppliers to incorporating the contents of
procurement guidelines. deploy, disseminate, and comply with the Environment Action Plan 2030.
guidelines.
・Support all dealerships for maintaining
Eco Action 21* certification.
Sales Provide support to SUBARU ・Check certification renewal status.
dealerships’ environmental ・Support maintenance of voluntary
(automobiles) ・Conduct system maintenance.
activities. eennvviirroonnmmeennttaall iinniittiiaattiivveess such as energy
saving and waste reduction utilizing Eco
Action 21.
・Maintain ISO 14001 integrated ・Maintain ISO 14001 integrated
certification for all Company sites. certification.
Operate and upgrade
Management environmental management
・Make continuous improvements to
systems. ・Make continuous improvements to the
the environmental management
environmental management system.
system.
* Environmental conservation activity promotion program formulated by Japan’s Ministry of the Environment in which SMEs work on three
themes: environmental management systems, eennvviirroonnmmeennttaall iinniittiiaattiivveess, and environmental reporting.
47
[TABLE] Field | Item | Short-Term Initiatives (1–3 Years) | Major Results in FYE March 2022
[TABLE] Procurement | Request suppliers in Japan and
overseas to build, maintain,
and strengthen an
environmental management
system (EMS). | ・Continue to establish and maintain the
EMS including with new suppliers. | ・Confirm maintenance of EMS
establishment by 356 mass
production suppliers.
[TABLE] ・Request that the entire supply chain
improve environmental management
throughout the product life cycle. | ・As part of environmental
management, hold interviews with
major suppliers regarding issues
and plans for the use of recycled
resin materials.
[TABLE] Reduce environmentally
hazardous substances. | ・Expand management and promote
reduction of environmentally hazardous
substances contained in parts and raw
materials at suppliers. | ・Conduct online briefings by the
technical department for major
suppliers to enhance chemical
substance management through
the use of IMDS.
[TABLE] Apply the supplier CSR
guidelines and green
procurement guidelines. | ・Revise the guidelines according to
changes in the social environment and
Company policy, and request suppliers to
deploy, disseminate, and comply with the
guidelines. | ・Revise and publish guidelines
incorporating the contents of
Environment Action Plan 2030.
[TABLE] Sales
(automobiles) | Provide support to SUBARU
dealerships’ environmental
activities. | ・Support all dealerships for maintaining
Eco Action 21* certification. | ・Check certification renewal status.
・Conduct system maintenance.
[TABLE] ・Support maintenance of voluntary
eennvviirroonnmmeennttaall iinniittiiaattiivveess such as energy
saving and waste reduction utilizing Eco
Action 21.
[TABLE] Management | Operate and upgrade
environmental management
systems. | ・Maintain ISO 14001 integrated
certification for all Company sites. | ・Maintain ISO 14001 integrated
certification.
[TABLE] ・Make continuous improvements to the
environmental management system. | ・Make continuous improvements to
the environmental management
system.

[PAGE 48]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment SUBARUG ro up Mat e r i a l F l ow Scope: [Procurement] SUBARU: Gunma Plant, Utsunomiya Plant, Handa Plant, Handa West Plant [R&D and Production] SUBARU: Gunma Plant, Utsunomiya Plant, Handa Plant, Handa West Plant, Tokyo Office, Ebisu Subaru Building, Accessory Center, Subaru Research and Experiment Center, Subaru Test & Development Center Bifuka Proving Ground, SUBARU Academy, Omiya Subaru Building Domestic Group companies: 19 domestic consolidated subsidiaries Overseas Group companies: Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc., Subaru Research & Development, Inc. However, NOx, SOx, and PRTR emissions exclude figures from non-production bases: Ebisu Subaru Building, Accessory Center, Subaru Research and Experiment Center, Subaru Test & Development Center Bifuka Proving Ground, SUBARU Academy, Omiya Subaru Building, 19 domestic consolidated subsidiaries, and Subaru Research & Development, Inc. [Logistics] Land transport (in Japan) and marine transport [Sales and Repair] 33 domestic dealerships who are consolidated subsidiaries, Subaru of America, Inc. and Subaru Canada, Inc. However, “Scope 3: Transportation, distribution, and sales (downstream)” is for 11 SUBARU domestic dealerships who are non-consolidated subsidiaries. [Product use and Product disposal] Sold SUBARU vehicles E n v iro n m e n t a l Inve s tm en t Calculation Method SUBARU has its own guidelines for calculating and tabulating the amount of environmental investments made by the Company. These guidelines are aligned with SUBARU’s environmental conservation organization. Calculation Results Environmental investment in FYE March 2022 decreased 388 million yen year on year to 3,271 million yen. Key factors included the recording of environmental investment in wastewater treatment and noise control at Subaru Indiana Automotive, Inc. in FYE March 2021. 48 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Environmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmental
Biodiversity
[TABLE] Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
[TABLE] SUBARU Group Material Flow
Scope:
[Procurement] SUBARU: Gunma Plant, Utsunomiya Plant, Handa Plant, Handa West Plant
[R&D and Production] SUBARU: Gunma Plant, Utsunomiya Plant, Handa Plant, Handa West Plant, Tokyo Office, Ebisu Subaru Building,
Accessory Center, Subaru Research and Experiment Center, Subaru Test & Development Center Bifuka Proving Ground,
SUBARU Academy, Omiya Subaru Building
Domestic Group companies: 19 domestic consolidated subsidiaries
Overseas Group companies: Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc., Subaru Research & Development, Inc.
However, NOx, SOx, and PRTR emissions exclude figures from non-production bases: Ebisu Subaru Building, Accessory
Center, Subaru Research and Experiment Center, Subaru Test & Development Center Bifuka Proving Ground, SUBARU
Academy, Omiya Subaru Building, 19 domestic consolidated subsidiaries, and Subaru Research & Development, Inc.
[Logistics] Land transport (in Japan) and marine transport
[Sales and Repair] 33 domestic dealerships who are consolidated subsidiaries, Subaru of America, Inc. and Subaru Canada, Inc.
However, “Scope 3: Transportation, distribution, and sales (downstream)” is for 11 SUBARU domestic dealerships who are
non-consolidated subsidiaries.
[Product use and Product disposal] Sold SUBARU vehicles
[TABLE] Environmental Investment
Calculation Method
SUBARU has its own guidelines for calculating and tabulating the amount of environmental investments made by the
Company. These guidelines are aligned with SUBARU’s environmental conservation organization.
Calculation Results
Environmental investment in FYE March 2022 decreased 388 million yen year on year to 3,271 million yen. Key factors
included the recording of environmental investment in wastewater treatment and noise control at Subaru Indiana
Automotive, Inc. in FYE March 2021.
48

[PAGE 49]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment We also held the ISO 14001 New Internal Auditors Training Seminar, taught by invited external lecturers, to enhance the internal auditing system for our ISO 14001-certified environmental management systems and to strengthen environmental conservation activities conducted at our workplaces. In FYE March 2022, the 165 participants worked hard to gain the knowledge required of internal auditors. ISO 14001 New Internal Auditors Training Seminar Item Category Consolidated FYE March 2021 FYE March 2022 (1) Cost in the business area (i) Pollution prevention cost 898 259 (ii) Global environment conservation cost 189 155 (iii) Resource recycling cost 42 7 (2) R&D cost R&D cost to reduce environmental impact 2,524 2,849 (3) Environmental remediation costs Costs for remediating soil and groundwater pollution 6 0 Grand total 3,659 3,271 Note: Due to rounding, the sum may not exactly match the corresponding total. FYE March 2020 results have been revised because of the inclusion of overseas Group companies. Scope SUBARU: SUBARU CORPORATION Domestic Group companies: Yusoki Kogyo K.K., Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd., Ichitan Co., Ltd., Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd., Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd. Overseas Group companies: Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc., Subaru of America, Inc., Subaru of Canada, Inc., Subaru Research & Development, Inc. E n v i ro n m e nta l E d u c a t i o n SUBARU deems it important for employees to conduct business and environmental activities with a strong awareness of environmental issues and the importance of environmental efficiency. Based on this recognition, we provide employees with a range of environmental education according to rank and job type. New Employee Environmental Education We provided education online during FYE March 2022 to help prevent the spread of COVID-19. The program covered topics such as the SUBARU Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR to become a sustainable company and the SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy. Training on Environmental Laws and Regulations SUBARU provides training on environmental laws and regulations as necessary to ensure compliance with such laws and regulations. In FYE March 2022, general training on environmental laws and regulations was held for SUBARU personnel (349 participants) and on the Act on Rational Use and Appropriate Management of Fluorocarbons for SUBARU Group personnel in Japan (613 participants). After these trainings are carried out, we conduct a questionnaire, using the results as a reference for planning training on environmental laws and regulations in FYE March 2023, in order to make the training even more useful. ISO 14001 New Internal Auditors Training Seminar (Millions of yen) SUBARU Group Environmental Investment 49 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and O
SUBARU Group Environmental Investment | ffices
[TABLE] (Millions of yen)
Consolidated
Item Category
FYE March 2021 FYE March 2022
(i)Pollution prevention cost 898 259
(1)Cost in the business area (ii)Global environment conservation cost 189 155
(iii)Resource recycling cost 42 7
(2)R&D cost R&D cost to reduce environmental impact 2,524 2,849
(3)Environmental remediation costs Costs for remediating soil and groundwater pollution 6 0
Grand total 3,659 3,271
Note: Due to rounding, the sum may not exactly match the corresponding total. FYE March 2020 results have been revised because of the
inclusion of overseas Group companies.
Scope
SUBARU: SUBARU CORPORATION
Domestic Group companies: Yusoki Kogyo K.K., Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd., Ichitan Co., Ltd., Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd., Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd.
Overseas Group companies: Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc., Subaru of America, Inc., Subaru of Canada, Inc., Subaru Research &
Development, Inc.
[TABLE] Environmental Education
SUBARU deems it important for employees to conduct business and environmental activities with a strong awareness of
environmental issues and the importance of environmental efficiency. Based on this recognition, we provide employees with a
range of environmental education according to rank and job type.
New Employee Environmental Education
We provided education online during FYE March 2022 to help prevent the spread of COVID-19. The program covered topics
such as the SUBARU Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR to become a sustainable company and the SUBARU Global
Sustainability Policy.
Training on Environmental Laws and Regulations
SUBARU provides training on environmental laws and regulations as necessary to ensure compliance with such laws and
regulations. In FYE March 2022, general training on environmental laws and regulations was held for SUBARU personnel (349
participants) and on the Act on Rational Use and Appropriate Management of Fluorocarbons for SUBARU Group personnel in
Japan (613 participants). After these trainings are carried out, we conduct a questionnaire, using the results as a reference
for planning training on environmental laws and regulations in FYE March 2023, in order to make the training even more
useful.
ISO 14001 New Internal Auditors Training Seminar
We also held the ISO 14001 New Internal Auditors Training Seminar, taught by invited
external lecturers, to enhance the internal auditing system for our ISO 14001-certified
environmental management systems and to strengthen environmental conservation
activities conducted at our workplaces. In FYE March 2022, the 165 participants worked
hard to gain the knowledge required of internal auditors.
ISO 14001 New Internal Auditors
Training Seminar
49
[TABLE] Item | Category | Consolidated
[TABLE] FYE March 2021 | FYE March 2022
[TABLE] (1)Cost in the business area | (i)Pollution prevention cost | 898 | 259
[TABLE] (ii)Global environment conservation cost | 189 | 155
[TABLE] (iii)Resource recycling cost | 42 | 7
[TABLE] (2)R&D cost | R&D cost to reduce environmental impact | 2,524 | 2,849
[TABLE] (3)Environmental remediation costs | Costs for remediating soil and groundwater pollution | 6 | 0
[TABLE] Grand total | 3,659 | 3,271

[PAGE 50]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd. conducts in-house training on environmental laws and regulations in order to ensure compliance with environmental laws and regulations. In FYE March 2022, training was held the theme of “Relationship between Chemical Substances, Organic Compounds, and Laws and Regulations” for 13 people within the SUBARU Group with specific involvement in this area. We also conducted training on “Related Regulations and Improvement of Audit Capabilities,” attended by 35 internal ISO auditors from within SUBARU. Training session Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd. Dealers in Japan In February 2021, we examined environmental laws and regulations related to the sales activities of dealers in Japan, and created and distributed an environmental law compliance manual for dealership use. In addition, we are developing materials as necessary regarding amendments made to laws and regulations. Through these efforts, we are deepening understanding of environmental laws and regulations at our dealerships in Japan. 50 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and O
Dealers in Japan | ffices
[TABLE] In February 2021, we examined environmental laws and regulations related to the sales activities of dealers in Japan, and
created and distributed an environmental law compliance manual for dealership use. In addition, we are developing materials
as necessary regarding amendments made to laws and regulations. Through these efforts, we are deepening understanding
of environmental laws and regulations at our dealerships in Japan.
Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd.
Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd. conducts in-house training on environmental laws and
regulations in order to ensure compliance with environmental laws and regulations. In FYE
March 2022, training was held the theme of “Relationship between Chemical Substances,
Organic Compounds, and Laws and Regulations” for 13 people within the SUBARU Group
with specific involvement in this area. We also conducted training on “Related Regulations
and Improvement of Audit Capabilities,” attended by 35 internal ISO auditors from within
SUBARU.
Training session
50 | In February 2021, we examined environmental laws and regulations related to the sales activities of dealers in Japan, and
created and distributed an environmental law compliance manual for dealership use. In addition, we are developing materials
as necessary regarding amendments made to laws and regulations. Through these efforts, we are deepening understanding
of environmental laws and regulations at our dealerships in Japan.
Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd.
Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd. conducts in-house training on environmental laws and
regulations in order to ensure compliance with environmental laws and regulations. In FYE
March 2022, training was held the theme of “Relationship between Chemical Substances,
Organic Compounds, and Laws and Regulations” for 13 people within the SUBARU Group
with specific involvement in this area. We also conducted training on “Related Regulations
and Improvement of Audit Capabilities,” attended by 35 internal ISO auditors from within
SUBARU.
Training session

[PAGE 51]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environment Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Our Approach The environment surrounding our business is rapidly changing, and we believe we have entered an era where stakeholders not only question our business performance but also our corporate posture and raison d’etre, such as how we contribute as a company to decarbonization and the realization of a sustainable society. Particularly in the U.S., an important market for SUBARU, we have found that there is a generally high level of awareness about global resources and society among our customers. They do not see environmental value in the usual sense—a vehicle’s fuel efficiency, emissions, or size—but instead recognize it in a broader sense, including the three elements of our “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” value: that our utility and AWD vehicles allow them to do anything with just one car; that our safety causes fewer accidents and no problems for society; and that our reliability and longevity makes them useful over long periods of time and do not lead to wasted resources. In promoting our electrification strategy, we at SUBARU believe that the most important thing is to assess the convenience of BEVs from a range of perspectives. This includes changes in markets and regulations, as well as changes in customer needs, preferences, and values, plus social infrastructure, while also striving to ensure a high level of financial soundness. Based on this concept, SUBARU will continue to develop products that satisfy customers and bring them happiness in order to meet their expectations and continue to be a brand that is “different.” We will also develop a flexible production system that incorporates the state of the market environment and manufacture environmentally friendly vehicles. In addition, “the earth, the sky and nature” are SUBARU’s fields of business, and we truly do value the benefits nature provides. The SUBARU Group is committed to increasing the environmental performance of its products and also to protecting the global environment throughout the life cycle of its products, including product use, materials and components, transportation, disposal, and manufacturing. M a nagement System We need to effectively invest resources in the development of strategic technologies and link technology and management more comprehensively. This will enable us to address new technologies, as symbolized by the EVs that will be key to resolving environmental issues, autonomous driving, and connected car services, which in turn will enable us to deliver appealing products. SUBARU has therefore transitioned to a development system that organically combines value and function from a development system based on functional units such as vehicle bodies and power units in order to accelerate the development of new technologies such as environmentally responsible EVs. In this system, we are integrating relevant departments and newly establishing departments connected to battery development. We have also created the CTO Office within the Engineering Division as an organization to discuss and decide the future direction of technology development, along with a system to incorporate its outcomes into Group-wide strategies including procurement and manufacturing. Our objective is to empower a transformation to a Group-wide optimization perspective over a division and vehicle optimization perspective within an organization that is flexibly able to address the technologies of the future. Our development system will evolve into a core platform for creating and delivering environmental and technological value that demonstrates SUBARU-ness. Environmentally Friendly Automobiles 51 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Environmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmental
Biodiversity
[TABLE] Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Environmentally Friendly Automobiles
[TABLE] Environmentally Friendly Automobiles
[TABLE] Our Approach
The environment surrounding our business is rapidly changing, and we believe we have entered an era where stakeholders
not only question our business performance but also our corporate posture and raison d’etre, such as how we contribute as a
company to decarbonization and the realization of a sustainable society. Particularly in the U.S., an important market for
SUBARU, we have found that there is a generally high level of awareness about global resources and society among our
customers. They do not see environmental value in the usual sense—a vehicle’s fuel efficiency, emissions, or size—but instead
recognize it in a broader sense, including the three elements of our “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” value: that our utility and
AWD vehicles allow them to do anything with just one car; that our safety causes fewer accidents and no problems for
society; and that our reliability and longevity makes them useful over long periods of time and do not lead to wasted
resources.
In promoting our electrification strategy, we at SUBARU believe that the most important thing is to assess the convenience of
BEVs from a range of perspectives. This includes changes in markets and regulations, as well as changes in customer needs,
preferences, and values, plus social infrastructure, while also striving to ensure a high level of financial soundness. Based on
this concept, SUBARU will continue to develop products that satisfy customers and bring them happiness in order to meet
their expectations and continue to be a brand that is “different.” We will also develop a flexible production system that
incorporates the state of the market environment and manufacture environmentally friendly vehicles.
In addition, “the earth, the sky and nature” are SUBARU’s fields of business, and we truly do value the benefits nature
provides. The SUBARU Group is committed to increasing the environmental performance of its products and also to
protecting the global environment throughout the life cycle of its products, including product use, materials and
components, transportation, disposal, and manufacturing.
[TABLE] Management System
We need to effectively invest resources in the development of strategic technologies and link technology and management
more comprehensively. This will enable us to address new technologies, as symbolized by the EVs that will be key to resolving
environmental issues, autonomous driving, and connected car services, which in turn will enable us to deliver appealing
products.
SUBARU has therefore transitioned to a development system that organically combines value and function from a
development system based on functional units such as vehicle bodies and power units in order to accelerate the development
of new technologies such as environmentally responsible EVs. In this system, we are integrating relevant departments and
newly establishing departments connected to battery development. We have also created the CTO Office within the
Engineering Division as an organization to discuss and decide the future direction of technology development, along with a
system to incorporate its outcomes into Group-wide strategies including procurement and manufacturing.
Our objective is to empower a transformation to a Group-wide optimization perspective over a division and vehicle
optimization perspective within an organization that is flexibly able to address the technologies of the future. Our
development system will evolve into a core platform for creating and delivering environmental and technological value that
demonstrates SUBARU-ness.
51

[PAGE 52]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environment Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Establishing a development system for cultivating, enhancing, and accumulating future-generation core technologies that will underpin SUBARU’s future products In addition, in order to contribute to the realization of a decarbonized society through the reduction of CO emissions throughout the life cycle of our business activities, SUBARU has designated departments in charge of the five areas of “product use,” “materials and components,” “transportation,” “disposal,” and “manufacturing” as of FYE March 2022. We now also hold monthly CN Promotion Meetings, bringing together representatives from the relevant departments in each area. In these CN Promotion Meetings, members shared information from each area, formulated a master plan from a medium- to long-term perspective, and visualized the transition of emissions in each area. We will continue to implement reduction measures in accordance with this master plan to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050. Approach to CO emissions reduction from an LCA perspective Governance Structure for Climate Change 2 2 52 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of
Establishing a development system for cultivating, enhancing, and accumulating future-generation core | fices
[TABLE] technologies that will underpin SUBARU’s future products
In addition, in order to contribute to the realization of a decarbonized society through the reduction of CO2 emissions
throughout the life cycle of our business activities, SUBARU has designated departments in charge of the five areas of
“product use,” “materials and components,” “transportation,” “disposal,” and “manufacturing” as of FYE March 2022. We now
also hold monthly CN Promotion Meetings, bringing together representatives from the relevant departments in each area. In
these CN Promotion Meetings, members shared information from each area, formulated a master plan from a medium- to
long-term perspective, and visualized the transition of emissions in each area. We will continue to implement reduction
measures in accordance with this master plan to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050.
Approach to CO2 emissions reduction from an LCA perspective
Governance Structure for Climate Change
52

[PAGE 53]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environment Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices M e d i u m - t o L o n g -Te r m G o a l s ( L o n g -Te r m V i s i o n a n d M i l e s t o n e s ) In order to contribute to a decarbonized society, SUBARU has set long-term goals (long-term vision) for reducing CO emissions and medium-term goals (milestones) to complement them. Even in the EV era, we will strengthen SUBARU-ness and work to manufacture environmentally responsible automobiles in line with our medium- to long-term goals for 2030 and 2050. We also plan to revise our goals as needed to meet future demands for measures against climate change. Furthermore, we have set the target of proceeding with research and development with the goal of using recycled materials for more than 25% of the plastics used in new models released worldwide by 2030 to help address the global waste plastic problem. To achieve this target, we are working to establish quality standards for recycled plastics and a raw material recovery scheme. *1 Well-to-Wheel: Approach to calculating CO emissions including the emissions produced by the generation of electricity to be used by EVs and other vehicles. *2 Reduce total CO emissions calculated based on the fuel efficiency (notified value) of all SUBARU automobiles sold across the world by 90% or more compared 2010 levels by 2050. Changes in the sales quantity due to changes in the market environment shall be taken into consideration, while minor changes in running distance shall not. *3 Excluding models supplied by OEMs. *4 Refers to the technology used to foster the use of electricity for EVs, HEVs, and others. *5 Including material, chemical, and plastic recycling. S t ra t e g i c re o rg a n i z a t io n o f d o m e s ti c p ro d u c t i o n In order to accelerate our roadmap toward 2050, SUBARU is implementing a strategic reorganization of its domestic production system and plans to invest 250 billion yen over five years starting from FYE March 2024. The two main goals of the reorganization of the production system are to build a flexible system that can ensure production of internal combustion engine (ICE) vehicles and HEVs as needed during the transition to BEVs and to achieve efficient BEV production in the BEV business, where profitability remains an issue, in order to improve business potential. 2 On a well-to-wheel basis, we will pursue our goal of reducing the average CO emissions from new vehicles (in operation) sold worldwide by at least 90% by 2050, compared with 2010. ・ *1 2 *2 In the early 2030s, all commercial SUBARU cars will be equipped with electrification technology . ・ *3 *4 By 2030, we will pursue our goal of making at least 40% of SUBARU global sales EVs or HEVs. ・ *5 *4 2 2 53 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of | fices
[TABLE] Medium- to Long-Term Goals (Long-Term Vision and Milestones)
In order to contribute to a decarbonized society, SUBARU has set long-term goals (long-term vision) for reducing CO2
emissions and medium-term goals (milestones) to complement them.
Even in the EV era, we will strengthen SUBARU-ness and work to manufacture environmentally responsible automobiles in line
with our medium- to long-term goals for 2030 and 2050. We also plan to revise our goals as needed to meet future demands
for measures against climate change.
・On a well-to-wheel*1 basis, we will pursue our goal of reducing the average CO2 emissions from new vehicles (in operation)
sold worldwide by at least 90%*2 by 2050, compared with 2010.
・In the early 2030s, all commercial SUBARU cars*3 will be equipped with electrification technology*4.
・By 2030, we will pursue our goal of making at least 40% of SUBARU global sales EVs or HEVs.
Furthermore, we have set the target of proceeding with research and development with the goal of using recycled materials*5
for more than 25% of the plastics used in new models*4 released worldwide by 2030 to help address the global waste plastic
problem. To achieve this target, we are working to establish quality standards for recycled plastics and a raw material
recovery scheme.
*1 Well-to-Wheel: Approach to calculating CO2 emissions including the emissions produced by the generation of electricity to be used by EVs
and other vehicles.
*2 Reduce total CO2 emissions calculated based on the fuel efficiency (notified value) of all SUBARU automobiles sold across the world by
90% or more compared 2010 levels by 2050. Changes in the sales quantity due to changes in the market environment shall be taken into
consideration, while minor changes in running distance shall not.
*3 Excluding models supplied by OEMs.
*4 Refers to the technology used to foster the use of electricity for EVs, HEVs, and others.
*5 Including material, chemical, and plastic recycling.
[TABLE] Strategic reorganization of domestic production
In order to accelerate our roadmap toward 2050, SUBARU is implementing a strategic reorganization of its domestic
production system and plans to invest 250 billion yen over five years starting from FYE March 2024. The two main goals of the
reorganization of the production system are to build a flexible system that can ensure production of internal combustion
engine (ICE) vehicles and HEVs as needed during the transition to BEVs and to achieve efficient BEV production in the BEV
business, where profitability remains an issue, in order to improve business potential.
53

[PAGE 54]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environment Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices As our roadmap for this production system, we are planning to launch in-house production of BEVs with a target start date around 2025, and to gradually increase the number and models of BEVs produced. Furthermore, we are exploring the restructuring of our domestic production system in a way that includes the addition of BEV-dedicated production lines on or after 2027. As part of the reorganization of our domestic production system, the production of the next-generation e-BOXER will be transferred to the Kitamoto Plant as part of the reorganization of power unit plants. This will be done to steadily make progress in installing the next-generation e-BOXER to multiple models and to prepare for the transition to BEV production at the Oizumi Plant. Preparations for in-house production of BEVs, scheduled for around 2025, are focused on starting up mixed production at the Yajima Plant, and we are exploring the establishment of streamlined, dedicated BEV production lines on or after 2027 for the Oizumi Plant. In promoting our electrification strategy, we at SUBARU believe that the most important thing is to assess the convenience of BEVs from a range of perspectives. This includes changes in markets and regulations, as well as changes in customer needs, preferences, and values, plus social infrastructure. Based on this concept, SUBARU will continue to develop products that satisfy customers and bring them happiness. We will also continue to develop a flexible production system that incorporates the state of the market environment. * Generic term used for “horizontally-opposed engine + electrification technology,” which offers the unique driving pleasure of SUBARU while being environmentally friendly. Strategic reorganization of domestic production The pe rcen t age o f SUBARU ’ s EVs as a sha re o f g l oba l sa l es i n FYE Ma rch 2022 was 4 . 9%. Howeve r, we wi l l s t reng t hen our ea rn i ngs base i n t he BEV e ra by s t reng t hen i ng our supp l y capac i t y f or EVs , i nc l ud i ng t he s t a r t o f i n - house BEV produc t i on i n t he mi d - 2020s i n con j unc t i on wi t h t he reorgan i za t i on o f our domes t i c produc t i on s y s t em, t he l aunch o f t he nex t - gene ra t i on e - BOXER , and t he add i t i on o f ded i ca t ed BEV produc t i on l i nes i n t he l a t e 2020s . As we do t h i s , we wi l l wor k t o ensure a h i gh l eve l o f f i nanc i a l soundnes s , t ak i ng ac t i ons i n a sus t a i nab l e s t ruc t ure t owa rd t he ach i evemen t o f our goa l o f mak i ng a t l eas t 40% o f SUBARU g l oba l sa l es EVs or HEVs . * 54 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of
As our roadmap for this production system, we are planning to launch in-house production of BEVs with a target start date | fices
[TABLE] around 2025, and to gradually increase the number and models of BEVs produced. Furthermore, we are exploring the
restructuring of our domestic production system in a way that includes the addition of BEV-dedicated production lines on or
after 2027. As part of the reorganization of our domestic production system, the production of the next-generation e-BOXER*
will be transferred to the Kitamoto Plant as part of the reorganization of power unit plants. This will be done to steadily make
progress in installing the next-generation e-BOXER to multiple models and to prepare for the transition to BEV production at
the Oizumi Plant. Preparations for in-house production of BEVs, scheduled for around 2025, are focused on starting up mixed
production at the Yajima Plant, and we are exploring the establishment of streamlined, dedicated BEV production lines on or
after 2027 for the Oizumi Plant.
In promoting our electrification strategy, we at SUBARU believe that the most important thing is to assess the convenience of
BEVs from a range of perspectives. This includes changes in markets and regulations, as well as changes in customer needs,
preferences, and values, plus social infrastructure. Based on this concept, SUBARU will continue to develop products that
satisfy customers and bring them happiness. We will also continue to develop a flexible production system that incorporates
the state of the market environment.
* Generic term used for “horizontally-opposed engine + electrification technology,” which offers the unique driving pleasure of SUBARU
while being environmentally friendly.
Strategic reorganization of domestic production
The pe(cid:32)rcen(cid:32)t(cid:32)age o(cid:32)f SUBARU(cid:32)’(cid:32)s EVs as a sha(cid:32)re o(cid:32)f g(cid:32)l(cid:32)oba(cid:32)l sa(cid:32)l(cid:32)es i(cid:32)n FYE Ma(cid:32)rch 2022 was 4(cid:32).(cid:32)9%. Howeve(cid:32)r, we wi(cid:32)l(cid:32)l s(cid:32)t(cid:32)reng(cid:32)t(cid:32)hen our(cid:32)
ea(cid:32)rn(cid:32)i(cid:32)ngs base i(cid:32)n t(cid:32)he BEV e(cid:32)ra by s(cid:32)t(cid:32)reng(cid:32)t(cid:32)hen(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng our supp(cid:32)l(cid:32)y capac(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)y f(cid:32)or EVs(cid:32), i(cid:32)nc(cid:32)l(cid:32)ud(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)he s(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)r(cid:32)t o(cid:32)f i(cid:32)n(cid:32)-(cid:32)house BEV produc(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on i(cid:32)
t(cid:32)he mi(cid:32)d(cid:32)-(cid:32)2020s i(cid:32)n con(cid:32)j(cid:32)unc(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h t(cid:32)he reorgan(cid:32)i(cid:32)za(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on o(cid:32)f our domes(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)c produc(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on s(cid:32)y(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)em, t(cid:32)he l(cid:32)aunch o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he nex(cid:32)t(cid:32)-(cid:32)gene(cid:32)ra(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on
BOXER(cid:32), and t(cid:32)he add(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on o(cid:32)f ded(cid:32)i(cid:32)ca(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed BEV produc(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on l(cid:32)i(cid:32)nes i(cid:32)n t(cid:32)he l(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)e 2020s(cid:32). As we do t(cid:32)h(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32), we wi(cid:32)l(cid:32)l wor(cid:32)k t(cid:32)o ensure a h(cid:32)i(cid:32)gh(cid:32)
l(cid:32)eve(cid:32)l o(cid:32)f f(cid:32)i(cid:32)nanc(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)l soundnes(cid:32)s(cid:32), t(cid:32)ak(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng ac(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons i(cid:32)n a sus(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)i(cid:32)nab(cid:32)l(cid:32)e s(cid:32)t(cid:32)ruc(cid:32)t(cid:32)ure t(cid:32)owa(cid:32)rd t(cid:32)he ach(cid:32)i(cid:32)evemen(cid:32)t o(cid:32)f our goa(cid:32)l o(cid:32)f mak(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng a(cid:32)t l(cid:32)eas(cid:32)
40% o(cid:32)f SUBARU g(cid:32)l(cid:32)oba(cid:32)l sa(cid:32)l(cid:32)es EVs or HEVs(cid:32).
54 | n(cid:32)
e(cid:32)-
t(cid:32)

[PAGE 55]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environment Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices In May 2022, SUBARU launched the SOLTERRA as another step toward the era of the electric car. Its first global BEV, the SOLTERRA is designed to achieve coexistence with nature. It utilizes the e-SUBARU Global Platform, a dedicated EV platform we jointly developed with Toyota Motor Corporation (“Toyota”), as well as the AWD technology we have developed for many years and Toyota’s outstanding electrification technology, thus bringing together the strengths of both companies and efficiently leveraging our development investments. Like with our existing vehicles, we will add this SUV featuring the unique appeal of SUBARU’s BEVs to the SUBARU SUV lineup, aiming to further strengthen the value we offer with the goal of being a brand that is “different” from others. We will roll out this model in Japan, the U.S. and Canada, Europe, China, and other markets. At SUBARU, we will continue to help protect the environment as we consider practical functions and customer preferences in enhancing our lineup in the markets we serve with environmentally friendly vehicles that are unique to SUBARU. SUBARU name for the jointly developed EV: SOLTERRA “SOLTERRA” is a coined word that combines the Latin words “sol,” which means “sun,” and “terra,” which means “earth.” I n i t i a t i v e s Efforts to Reduce CO Emissions for New Models SUBARU is naturally working to improve the fuel efficiency of gasoline engine vehicles while turning its attention to expanding its lineup of EV models, especially the development and supply of BEVs. We believe it will be especially important to steadily promote the expansion of the above initiatives in order to reduce the amount of CO emitted from automobiles. Battery Electric Vehicles (BEVs) EVs—HEVs, Plug-in Hybrid Vehicles (PHEVs), Strong Hybrid Electric Vehicles (SHEVs), and Other Electromotive Vehicles (xEVs) SUBARU has been increasing the number of vehicles equipped with its mild hybrid e-BOXER engine that combines a horizontally-opposed engine and electrification technology, and to reduce CO emissions has implemented initiatives such as creating its own PHEV using HEV expertise from Toyota. In addition, we will launch SHEVs in the mid-2020s that incorporate THS technology to deliver vehicles that feature SUBARU-ness while offering high-level environmental performance. By steadily expanding our product lineup of EVs, we will help reduce CO emissions for new models. *1 THS: TOYOTA Hybrid System 2 2 2 *1 2 Resul t s and future pl an of percentage of EVs so ld ( reta i l sa l es bas i s ) 55 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of
Resul(cid:32)t(cid:32)s and future pl(cid:32)an of percentage of EVs so(cid:32)ld ((cid:32)reta(cid:32)i(cid:32)l sa(cid:32)l(cid:32)es bas(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)) | fices
[TABLE] Initiatives
Efforts to Reduce CO2 Emissions for New Models
SUBARU is naturally working to improve the fuel efficiency of gasoline engine vehicles while turning its attention to
expanding its lineup of EV models, especially the development and supply of BEVs. We believe it will be especially important
to steadily promote the expansion of the above initiatives in order to reduce the amount of CO2 emitted from automobiles.
Battery Electric Vehicles (BEVs)
In May 2022, SUBARU launched the SOLTERRA as another step toward the era of the
electric car. Its first global BEV, the SOLTERRA is designed to achieve coexistence with
nature. It utilizes the e-SUBARU Global Platform, a dedicated EV platform we jointly
developed with Toyota Motor Corporation (“Toyota”), as well as the AWD technology we
have developed for many years and Toyota’s outstanding electrification technology, thus
bringing together the strengths of both companies and efficiently leveraging our
development investments. Like with our existing vehicles, we will add this SUV featuring
the unique appeal of SUBARU’s BEVs to the SUBARU SUV lineup, aiming to further
strengthen the value we offer with the goal of being a brand that is “different” from
others. We will roll out this model in Japan, the U.S. and Canada, Europe, China, and other
markets.
At SUBARU, we will continue to help protect the environment as we consider practical
functions and customer preferences in enhancing our lineup in the markets we serve with
environmentally friendly vehicles that are unique to SUBARU.
SUBARU name for the jointly
developed EV: SOLTERRA
“SOLTERRA” is a coined word that
combines the Latin words “sol,”
which means “sun,” and “terra,”
which means “earth.”
EVs—HEVs, Plug-in Hybrid Vehicles (PHEVs), Strong Hybrid Electric Vehicles (SHEVs), and Other
Electromotive Vehicles (xEVs)
SUBARU has been increasing the number of vehicles equipped with its mild hybrid e-BOXER engine that combines a
horizontally-opposed engine and electrification technology, and to reduce CO2 emissions has implemented initiatives such as
creating its own PHEV using HEV expertise from Toyota. In addition, we will launch SHEVs in the mid-2020s that incorporate
THS*1 technology to deliver vehicles that feature SUBARU-ness while offering high-level environmental performance. By
steadily expanding our product lineup of EVs, we will help reduce CO2 emissions for new models.
*1 THS: TOYOTA Hybrid System
55

[PAGE 56]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environment Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices We will continue to meet demand for conventional gasoline-powered vehicles from customers. HEVs, which we are expanding to include more models, are made by combining gasoline engines with electrification technology, and engines need further technological improvements to boost fuel efficiency. The 1.8-liter BOXER DIT combines the unique driving pleasure of a SUBARU with outstanding environmental performance. Installed in the new Levorg, Forester, and new Outback models, it is a next-generation BOXER engine with a turbo system that generates high torque at low RPM. Its lean combustion technology produces more energy with less fuel. Combined with the expanded Lineartronic shift range, this engine offers even more powerful acceleration off the line and superb fuel efficiency when cruising at high speed. *2 Direct injection turbo New 1.8-liter DIT engine Higher Fuel Efficiency Strategic reorganization of domestic production for acceleration of our roadmap to 2050 *2 56 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of | fices
[TABLE] Higher Fuel Efficiency
We will continue to meet demand for conventional gasoline-powered vehicles from
customers. HEVs, which we are expanding to include more models, are made by combining
gasoline engines with electrification technology, and engines need further technological
improvements to boost fuel efficiency. The 1.8-liter BOXER DIT*2 combines the unique
driving pleasure of a SUBARU with outstanding environmental performance. Installed in
the new Levorg, Forester, and new Outback models, it is a next-generation BOXER engine
with a turbo system that generates high torque at low RPM. Its lean combustion
technology produces more energy with less fuel. Combined with the expanded
Lineartronic shift range, this engine offers even more powerful acceleration off the line
and superb fuel efficiency when cruising at high speed.
*2 Direct injection turbo
New 1.8-liter DIT engine
Strategic reorganization of domestic production for acceleration of our roadmap to 2050
56
[TABLE] 56

[PAGE 57]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environment Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices In our work to take on the challenge of expanding fuel options while using internal combustion engines, SUBARU is not only conducting basic research on carbon-neutral fuel but also taking part in Super Taikyu Series 2022 with vehicles using carbon-neutral fuel. In cooperation and competition with Toyota, we will foster engineers through agile development, in which hypotheses and verifications are repeated in short cycles demanded in the field of motorsports, to promote the creation of better cars originating in motorsports and to realize a carbon-neutral society. Team SDA Engineering BRZ CNF Concept SUBARU BRZ with carbon-neutral fuel to compete in Super Taikyu Series 2022 Life Cycle Assessment SUBARU conducts LCA to evaluate CO emissions during the entire life cycle of automobiles. We will quantify the environmental impact of automobiles and proactively develop automobiles taking into account the need for decarbonization from the design stage. In addition, SUBARU has designated departments in charge of the five areas of “product use,” “materials and components,” “transportation,” “disposal,” and “manufacturing” as of FYE March 2022. We now also hold monthly CN Promotion Meetings, bringing together representatives from the relevant departments in each area. By operating a cross-organizational committee structure, SUBARU will further promote efforts to reduce CO emissions throughout the life cycle of our business activities. *3 Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) is an environmental impact assessment method that comprehensively evaluates environmental load at every stage of the life cycle of products and services from raw material procurement to production, use, disposal, and recycling. SOLTERRA In May 2022, SUBARU launched the SOLTERRA, its first global BEV. The ratio of CO emissions at each LCA stage is shown below. Levorg The displacement class of the new Levorg announced in October 2020 has changed. The ratio of CO emissions at each LCA stage is shown below. *3 2 2 2 2 57 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of
SUBARU BRZ with carbon-neutral fuel to compete in Super Taikyu Series 2022 | fices
[TABLE] In our work to take on the challenge of expanding fuel options while using internal
combustion engines, SUBARU is not only conducting basic research on carbon-neutral fuel
but also taking part in Super Taikyu Series 2022 with vehicles using carbon-neutral fuel. In
cooperation and competition with Toyota, we will foster engineers through agile
development, in which hypotheses and verifications are repeated in short cycles
demanded in the field of motorsports, to promote the creation of better cars originating
Team SDA Engineering BRZ
in motorsports and to realize a carbon-neutral society.
CNF Concept
Life Cycle Assessment
SUBARU conducts LCA*3 to evaluate CO2 emissions during the entire life cycle of automobiles. We will quantify the
environmental impact of automobiles and proactively develop automobiles taking into account the need for decarbonization
from the design stage.
In addition, SUBARU has designated departments in charge of the five areas of “product use,” “materials and components,”
“transportation,” “disposal,” and “manufacturing” as of FYE March 2022. We now also hold monthly CN Promotion Meetings,
bringing together representatives from the relevant departments in each area. By operating a cross-organizational committee
structure, SUBARU will further promote efforts to reduce CO2 emissions throughout the life cycle of our business activities.
*3 Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) is an environmental impact assessment method that comprehensively evaluates environmental load at every
stage of the life cycle of products and services from raw material procurement to production, use, disposal, and recycling.
SOLTERRA
In May 2022, SUBARU launched the SOLTERRA, its first global BEV.
The ratio of CO2 emissions at each LCA stage is shown below.
Levorg
The displacement class of the new Levorg announced in October 2020 has changed.
The ratio of CO2 emissions at each LCA stage is shown below.
57
[TABLE] SUBARU BRZ with carbon-neutral fuel to compete in Super Taikyu Series 2022
[TABLE] In our work to take on the challenge of expanding fuel options while using internal
combustion engines, SUBARU is not only conducting basic research on carbon-neutral fuel
but also taking part in Super Taikyu Series 2022 with vehicles using carbon-neutral fuel. In
cooperation and competition with Toyota, we will foster engineers through agile
development, in which hypotheses and verifications are repeated in short cycles
demanded in the field of motorsports, to promote the creation of better cars originating
Team SDA Engineering BRZ
in motorsports and to realize a carbon-neutral society.
CNF Concept

[PAGE 58]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environment Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Impreza LCA of the Impreza, which was fully redesigned in fall 2016, is shown below. The new Impreza reduces CO emissions by 2.3% over its life cycle compared with its predecessor. Forester (e-BOXER) LCA of the Forester with e-BOXER announced in June 2018 is shown below. It reduces CO emissions by 8.7% over its life cycle compared with its gasoline-fueled predecessor. 2 2 58 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022 Legacy Outback The ra t i o o f CO emi s s i ons a t each s t age o f t he LCA f or t he new Legac y Ou t back announced i n Oc t obe r 2021 i s shown be l ow. 2

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of
Impreza | fices
[TABLE] LCA of the Impreza, which was fully redesigned in fall 2016, is shown below.
The new Impreza reduces CO2 emissions by 2.3% over its life cycle compared with its predecessor.
Forester (e-BOXER)
LCA of the Forester with e-BOXER announced in June 2018 is shown below.
It reduces CO2 emissions by 8.7% over its life cycle compared with its gasoline-fueled predecessor.
Legacy Outback
The ra(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)o o(cid:32)f CO 2emi(cid:32)s(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons a(cid:32)t each s(cid:32)t(cid:32)age o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he LCA f(cid:32)or t(cid:32)he new Legac(cid:32)y Ou(cid:32)t(cid:32)back announced i(cid:32)n Oc(cid:32)t(cid:32)obe(cid:32)r 2021 i(cid:32)s shown be(cid:32)l(cid:32)ow.
58

[PAGE 59]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environment Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices LCA of the SUBARU XV (e-BOXER) announced in October 2018 is shown below. It reduces CO emissions by 12% over its life cycle compared with its gasoline-fueled predecessor. WRX S4 The ratio of CO emissions at each stage of the LCA for the new WRX S4 announced in November 2021 is shown below. SUBARU BRZ The ratio of CO emissions at each stage of the LCA for the new SUBARU BRZ announced in July 2021 is shown below. The displacement class is different from the predecessor model, so only data for the new model is presented. 2 2 2 SUBARU XV (e-BOXER) 59 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of
SUBARU XV (e-BOXER) | fices
[TABLE] LCA of the SUBARU XV (e-BOXER) announced in October 2018 is shown below.
It reduces CO2 emissions by 12% over its life cycle compared with its gasoline-fueled predecessor.
WRX S4
The ratio of CO2 emissions at each stage of the LCA for the new WRX S4 announced in November 2021 is shown below.
SUBARU BRZ
The ratio of CO2 emissions at each stage of the LCA for the new SUBARU BRZ announced in July 2021 is shown below.
The displacement class is different from the predecessor model, so only data for the new model is presented.
59

[PAGE 60]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environment Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Floor mats made from recycled materials Utilizing Recycled Resins To contribute to realizing a resource-recycling society and a decarbonized society, SUBARU is working to develop technologies to utilize recycled resins and biomass materials in place of the resins currently used in automobiles. Suba ru o f Ame r i ca , I nc . he l ped deve l op and l aunch env i ronmen t a l l y f r i end l y ac ces sor i es i n t he f orm o f f l oor ma t s made f rom used rec y c l ed ma t e r i a l s f or t he 2021 Cros s s t rek Spor t®. The sur f ace and l i n i ng o f t hese f l oor ma t s a re made f rom 100% rec y c l ed ma t e r i a l s such as t rash removed f rom t he ocean . I n add i t i on , t he company has i n t roduced and u t i l i zes a new supp l i e r as ses smen t s y s t em us i ng I SO 14001 . Design for Recycling SUBARU incorporates recyclability into its automobile design process to make effective use of limited resources. 60 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of
Design for Recycling | fices
[TABLE] SUBARU incorporates recyclability into its automobile design process to make effective use of limited resources.
Utilizing Recycled Resins
To contribute to realizing a resource-recycling society and a decarbonized society, SUBARU is working to develop technologies
to utilize recycled resins and biomass materials in place of the resins currently used in automobiles.
Suba(cid:32)ru o(cid:32)f Ame(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)ca(cid:32), I(cid:32)nc(cid:32). he(cid:32)l(cid:32)ped deve(cid:32)l(cid:32)op and l(cid:32)aunch env(cid:32)i(cid:32)ronmen(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)l(cid:32)l(cid:32)y f(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)end(cid:32)l(cid:32)y ac(cid:32)ces(cid:32)sor(cid:32)i(cid:32)es (cid:32)i(cid:32)n
t(cid:32)he f(cid:32)orm o(cid:32)f f(cid:32)l(cid:32)oor ma(cid:32)t(cid:32)s made f(cid:32)rom used rec(cid:32)y(cid:32)c(cid:32)l(cid:32)ed ma(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)l(cid:32)s f(cid:32)or t(cid:32)he 2021 Cros(cid:32)s(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)rek Spor(cid:32)t®.(cid:32)
The sur(cid:32)f(cid:32)ace and l(cid:32)i(cid:32)n(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)hese f(cid:32)l(cid:32)oor ma(cid:32)t(cid:32)s a(cid:32)re made f(cid:32)rom 100% rec(cid:32)y(cid:32)c(cid:32)l(cid:32)ed ma(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)l(cid:32)s such as(cid:32)
t(cid:32)rash removed f(cid:32)rom t(cid:32)he ocean(cid:32). I(cid:32)n add(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on(cid:32), t(cid:32)he company has i(cid:32)n(cid:32)t(cid:32)roduced and u(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)zes a new(cid:32)
supp(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)e(cid:32)r as(cid:32)ses(cid:32)smen(cid:32)t s(cid:32)y(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)em us(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng I(cid:32)SO 14001(cid:32).
Floor mats made from recycled
materials
60

[PAGE 61]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environment Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Japan: 2018 low emissions standards U.S.: State of California’s SULEV standards Europe: Euro 6 emission standards (final stage) China: China 6 emission standards We will develop and propose reasonable products for customers based on the results of research conducted to identify the optimal specifications in each country, including research on the components of exhaust gas that will be regulated in the future. To this end, we are designing materials on an atomic level to improve the performance of the catalyst, which plays a major role in producing cleaner exhaust gas, while also reducing the use of precious metals. Reducing VOCs in Vehicle Interiors SUBARU is reviewing the components and adhesive agents used in vehicle interiors in order to reduce the use of volatile organic compounds (VOCs). For the Legacy, Levorg, Impreza, Forester, and SUBARU BRZ, we achieved the voluntary target set by JAMA by reducing the concentration of the 13 substances defined by the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare to levels below the indoor concentration guideline values. We will continue our efforts to reduce the levels of VOCs to make the in-vehicle environment even more comfortable. *4 Organic compounds that easily volatilize at room temperature, such as formaldehyde and toluene, which are said to cause nose and throat irritation. *5 Voluntary target set by JAMA in its “Voluntary Approach in Reducing Cabin VOC Concentration Levels,” which was announced with the intention of reducing the in-vehicle concentrations of the 13 substances designated by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare to levels equivalent to or lower than the values set in the guidelines, for new models produced and sold in Japan in and after FYE March 2008. JAMA’s “Voluntary Approach in Reducing Cabin VOC Concentration Levels” ( Japanese version only) *4 *5 Reducing Envi ronmental ly Hazardous Substances SUBARU is also collaborating with suppliers in reducing the use of environmentally hazardous substances in automobiles. We achieved the environmentally hazardous substance reduction targets for lead, mercury, hexavalent chromium, and cadmium set by Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association, Inc. ( JAMA) for all new models released in and after 2008. Furthermore, in order to ensure compliance with the REACH regulation, ELV Directive, Chemical Substance Control Law, and other regulations enforced across the world, we are further reducing the use of lead and replacing phthalic acid-based plasticizer and other hazardous chemical substances with alternatives. Cleaner Exhaust Gas To achieve and maintain clean air across the globe, SUBARU is developing technologies for cleaner exhaust gas, targeting not only conventional air pollutants such as hydrocarbon compounds and nitrogen oxides but also particulate matter, which is feared to have serious impacts on human health. At the product level, we are expanding our range of models that meet the latest regulations by country, while addressing emerging regulations at the development level. 61 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of
Reducing Envi(cid:32)ronmental(cid:32)ly Hazardous Substances | fices
[TABLE] SUBARU is also collaborating with suppliers in reducing the use of environmentally hazardous substances in automobiles.
We achieved the environmentally hazardous substance reduction targets for lead, mercury, hexavalent chromium, and
cadmium set by Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association, Inc. (JAMA) for all new models released in and after 2008.
Furthermore, in order to ensure compliance with the REACH regulation, ELV Directive, Chemical Substance Control Law, and
other regulations enforced across the world, we are further reducing the use of lead and replacing phthalic acid-based
plasticizer and other hazardous chemical substances with alternatives.
Cleaner Exhaust Gas
To achieve and maintain clean air across the globe, SUBARU is developing technologies for cleaner exhaust gas, targeting not
only conventional air pollutants such as hydrocarbon compounds and nitrogen oxides but also particulate matter, which is
feared to have serious impacts on human health. At the product level, we are expanding our range of models that meet the
latest regulations by country, while addressing emerging regulations at the development level.
Japan: 2018 low emissions standards
U.S.: State of California’s SULEV standards
Europe: Euro 6 emission standards (final stage)
China: China 6 emission standards
We will develop and propose reasonable products for customers based on the results of research conducted to identify the
optimal specifications in each country, including research on the components of exhaust gas that will be regulated in the
future. To this end, we are designing materials on an atomic level to improve the performance of the catalyst, which plays a
major role in producing cleaner exhaust gas, while also reducing the use of precious metals.
Reducing VOCs*4 in Vehicle Interiors
SUBARU is reviewing the components and adhesive agents used in vehicle interiors in order to reduce the use of volatile
organic compounds (VOCs).
For the Legacy, Levorg, Impreza, Forester, and SUBARU BRZ, we achieved the voluntary target set by JAMA*5 by reducing the
concentration of the 13 substances defined by the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare to levels below the indoor
concentration guideline values. We will continue our efforts to reduce the levels of VOCs to make the in-vehicle environment
even more comfortable.
*4 Organic compounds that easily volatilize at room temperature, such as formaldehyde and toluene, which are said to cause nose and
throat irritation.
*5 Voluntary target set by JAMA in its “Voluntary Approach in Reducing Cabin VOC Concentration Levels,” which was announced with the
intention of reducing the in-vehicle concentrations of the 13 substances designated by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare to
levels equivalent to or lower than the values set in the guidelines, for new models produced and sold in Japan in and after FYE March
2008.
JAMA’s “Voluntary Approach in Reducing Cabin VOC Concentration Levels” (Japanese version only)
61 | SUBARU is also collaborating with suppliers in reducing the use of environmentally hazardous substances in automobiles.
We achieved the environmentally hazardous substance reduction targets for lead, mercury, hexavalent chromium, and
cadmium set by Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association, Inc. (JAMA) for all new models released in and after 2008.
Furthermore, in order to ensure compliance with the REACH regulation, ELV Directive, Chemical Substance Control Law, and
other regulations enforced across the world, we are further reducing the use of lead and replacing phthalic acid-based
plasticizer and other hazardous chemical substances with alternatives.
Cleaner Exhaust Gas
To achieve and maintain clean air across the globe, SUBARU is developing technologies for cleaner exhaust gas, targeting not
only conventional air pollutants such as hydrocarbon compounds and nitrogen oxides but also particulate matter, which is
feared to have serious impacts on human health. At the product level, we are expanding our range of models that meet the
latest regulations by country, while addressing emerging regulations at the development level.
Japan: 2018 low emissions standards
U.S.: State of California’s SULEV standards
Europe: Euro 6 emission standards (final stage)
China: China 6 emission standards
We will develop and propose reasonable products for customers based on the results of research conducted to identify the
optimal specifications in each country, including research on the components of exhaust gas that will be regulated in the
future. To this end, we are designing materials on an atomic level to improve the performance of the catalyst, which plays a
major role in producing cleaner exhaust gas, while also reducing the use of precious metals.
Reducing VOCs*4 in Vehicle Interiors
SUBARU is reviewing the components and adhesive agents used in vehicle interiors in order to reduce the use of volatile
organic compounds (VOCs).
For the Legacy, Levorg, Impreza, Forester, and SUBARU BRZ, we achieved the voluntary target set by JAMA*5 by reducing the
concentration of the 13 substances defined by the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare to levels below the indoor

[PAGE 62]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment Our Approach SUBARU recognizes that climate change is one of the most pressing global issues. Toward its target of achieving carbon neutrality by 2050, SUBARU will reduce CO emissions from its products, factories, and offices to help decarbonize society. Accordingly, it has set long-term goals, and is working to achieve them with medium-term goals as intermediate milestones. Climate Change 2 M a n a g e m e n t S y s t e m SUBARU has es t ab l i shed t he Env i ronmen t Commi t t ee f or t he purpose o f promo t i ng t he sus t a i nab l e growt h o f bo t h soc i e t y and t he Company, and t he reby con t r i bu t i ng t o g l oba l env i ronmen t conse r va t i on . The commi t t ee d i s cus ses t a rge t s and measures f rom broad as we l l as med i um- t o l ong - t e rm pe r spec t i ves t ha t ac commoda t e env i ronmen t a l s t anda rds requ i red by f u t ure soc i e t i es , and eva l ua t es t he progres s o f re l a t ed imp l emen t a t i ons and ach i evemen t s . The Env i ronmen t Commi t t ee i s cha i red by t he Execu t i ve Of f i ce r i n cha rge o f t he Sus t a i nab i l i t y D i v i s i on appo i n t ed by t he Boa rd o f D i rec t or s . De t a i l s o f d i s cus s i ons by t he Env i ronmen t Commi t t ee a re repor t ed t o t he Sus t a i nab i l i t y Commi t t ee . We a l so have a s y s t em f or es ca l a t i on and repor t i ng t o t he Execu t i ve Managemen t Boa rd Mee t i ng and Boa rd o f D i rec t or s t o be used as neces sa r y. Managemen t o f c l ima t e change - re l a t ed ac t i v i t i es i s i nc l uded i n t he respons i b i l i t i es o f t he env i ronmen t a l managemen t s t ruc t ure . Env i ronmen t a l r i sks and oppor t un i t i es as soc i a t ed wi t h c l ima t e change a re as ses sed and mon i t ored , and unde rgo managemen t rev i ew be f ore ma j or i s sues a re repor t ed t o t he Boa rd o f D i rec t or s . Each o f t he f i ve bod i es wi t h i n t he s t ruc t ure—Produc t i on & Env i ronmen t Subcommi t t ee , G l oba l Wa rmi ng Preven t i on Wor k i ng Group , Domes t i c A f f i l i a t ed Compan i es ’ Env i ronmen t Subcommi t t ee , Sa l es and Se r v i ce Env i ronmen t Subcommi t t ee , and Log i s t i c s Env i ronmen t Subcommi t t ee—mee t twi ce a yea r f or t he purpose o f mon i t or i ng . To he l p deca rbon i ze soc i e t y by reduc i ng CO2 emi s s i ons ove r t he en t i re bus i nes s l i f e c y c l e , i n FYE Ma rch 2022 SUBARU des i gna t ed depa r tmen t s t o t ake cha rge o f each o f t he f i ve a reas o f “produc t use , ” “ma t e r i a l s and componen t s , ” “ t ranspor t a t i on , ” “d i sposa l , ” and “manu f ac t ur i ng . ” Represen t a t i ves o f t he depa r tmen t s i nvo l ved i n each o f t hese a reas come t oge t he r a t t he mon t h l y CN Promo t i on Mee t i ng . Th i s mee t i ng i s a f orum f or i n f orma t i on sha r i ng and pu t t i ng t oge t he r a mas t e r p l an f or ach i ev i ng ca rbon neu t ra l i t y by 2050 . SUBARU ope ra t es c ros s - company f orums whose a im i s CO2 reduc t i on ove r t he en t i re l i f e c y c l e and whose ac t i v i t i es a re sub j ec t t o t he ove ra l l supe r v i s i on o f t he Env i ronmen t Commi t t ee as pa r t o f ca rbon neu t ra l i t y i n i t i a t i ves . 62 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Environmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmental
Biodiversity
[TABLE] Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Climate Change
[TABLE] Climate Change
[TABLE] Our Approach
SUBARU recognizes that climate change is one of the most pressing global issues. Toward its target of achieving carbon
neutrality by 2050, SUBARU will reduce CO2 emissions from its products, factories, and offices to help decarbonize society.
Accordingly, it has set long-term goals, and is working to achieve them with medium-term goals as intermediate milestones.
[TABLE] M(cid:32)a(cid:32)n(cid:32)a(cid:32)g(cid:32)e(cid:32)m(cid:32)e(cid:32)n(cid:32)t S(cid:32)y(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)m
SUBARU has es(cid:32)t(cid:32)ab(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)shed t(cid:32)he Env(cid:32)i(cid:32)ronmen(cid:32)t Commi(cid:32)t(cid:32)t(cid:32)ee f(cid:32)or t(cid:32)he purpose o(cid:32)f promo(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)he sus(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)i(cid:32)nab(cid:32)l(cid:32)e growt(cid:32)h o(cid:32)f bo(cid:32)t(cid:32)h soc(cid:32)i(cid:32)e(cid:32)t(cid:32)y and(cid:32)
t(cid:32)he Company, and t(cid:32)he(cid:32)reby con(cid:32)t(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)bu(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)o g(cid:32)l(cid:32)oba(cid:32)l env(cid:32)i(cid:32)ronmen(cid:32)t conse(cid:32)r(cid:32)va(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on(cid:32). The commi(cid:32)t(cid:32)t(cid:32)ee d(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)cus(cid:32)ses t(cid:32)a(cid:32)rge(cid:32)t(cid:32)s and measures(cid:32)
f(cid:32)rom broad as we(cid:32)l(cid:32)l as med(cid:32)i(cid:32)um- t(cid:32)o l(cid:32)ong(cid:32)-(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)rm pe(cid:32)r(cid:32)spec(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ves t(cid:32)ha(cid:32)t ac(cid:32)commoda(cid:32)t(cid:32)e env(cid:32)i(cid:32)ronmen(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)l s(cid:32)t(cid:32)anda(cid:32)rds requ(cid:32)i(cid:32)red by f(cid:32)u(cid:32)t(cid:32)ure(cid:32)
soc(cid:32)i(cid:32)e(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es(cid:32), and eva(cid:32)l(cid:32)ua(cid:32)t(cid:32)es t(cid:32)he progres(cid:32)s o(cid:32)f re(cid:32)l(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed imp(cid:32)l(cid:32)emen(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons and ach(cid:32)i(cid:32)evemen(cid:32)t(cid:32)s(cid:32).
The Env(cid:32)i(cid:32)ronmen(cid:32)t Commi(cid:32)t(cid:32)t(cid:32)ee i(cid:32)s cha(cid:32)i(cid:32)red by t(cid:32)he Execu(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve Of(cid:32)f(cid:32)i(cid:32)ce(cid:32)r i(cid:32)n cha(cid:32)rge o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he Sus(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)i(cid:32)nab(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)y D(cid:32)i(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)on appo(cid:32)i(cid:32)n(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed by t(cid:32)he(cid:32)
Boa(cid:32)rd o(cid:32)f D(cid:32)i(cid:32)rec(cid:32)t(cid:32)or(cid:32)s(cid:32). De(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)s o(cid:32)f d(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)cus(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons by t(cid:32)he Env(cid:32)i(cid:32)ronmen(cid:32)t Commi(cid:32)t(cid:32)t(cid:32)ee a(cid:32)re repor(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed t(cid:32)o t(cid:32)he Sus(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)i(cid:32)nab(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)y Commi(cid:32)t(cid:32)t(cid:32)ee(cid:32). We(cid:32)
a(cid:32)l(cid:32)so have a s(cid:32)y(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)em f(cid:32)or es(cid:32)ca(cid:32)l(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on and repor(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)o t(cid:32)he Execu(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve Managemen(cid:32)t Boa(cid:32)rd Mee(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng and Boa(cid:32)rd o(cid:32)f D(cid:32)i(cid:32)rec(cid:32)t(cid:32)or(cid:32)s t(cid:32)o be(cid:32)
used as neces(cid:32)sa(cid:32)r(cid:32)y. Managemen(cid:32)t o(cid:32)f c(cid:32)l(cid:32)ima(cid:32)t(cid:32)e change(cid:32)-(cid:32)re(cid:32)l(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed ac(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es i(cid:32)s i(cid:32)nc(cid:32)l(cid:32)uded i(cid:32)n t(cid:32)he respons(cid:32)i(cid:32)b(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he env(cid:32)i(cid:32)ronmen(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)l(cid:32)
managemen(cid:32)t s(cid:32)t(cid:32)ruc(cid:32)t(cid:32)ure(cid:32). Env(cid:32)i(cid:32)ronmen(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)l r(cid:32)i(cid:32)sks and oppor(cid:32)t(cid:32)un(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es as(cid:32)soc(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h c(cid:32)l(cid:32)ima(cid:32)t(cid:32)e change a(cid:32)re as(cid:32)ses(cid:32)sed and mon(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)ored(cid:32),(cid:32)
and unde(cid:32)rgo managemen(cid:32)t rev(cid:32)i(cid:32)ew be(cid:32)f(cid:32)ore ma(cid:32)j(cid:32)or i(cid:32)s(cid:32)sues a(cid:32)re repor(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed t(cid:32)o t(cid:32)he Boa(cid:32)rd o(cid:32)f D(cid:32)i(cid:32)rec(cid:32)t(cid:32)or(cid:32)s(cid:32). Each o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he f(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve bod(cid:32)i(cid:32)es wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h(cid:32)i(cid:32)n(cid:32)
t(cid:32)he s(cid:32)t(cid:32)ruc(cid:32)t(cid:32)ure—Produc(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on & Env(cid:32)i(cid:32)ronmen(cid:32)t Subcommi(cid:32)t(cid:32)t(cid:32)ee(cid:32), G(cid:32)l(cid:32)oba(cid:32)l Wa(cid:32)rmi(cid:32)ng Preven(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on Wor(cid:32)k(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng Group(cid:32), Domes(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)c A(cid:32)f(cid:32)f(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed(cid:32)
Compan(cid:32)i(cid:32)es(cid:32)’ Env(cid:32)i(cid:32)ronmen(cid:32)t Subcommi(cid:32)t(cid:32)t(cid:32)ee(cid:32), Sa(cid:32)l(cid:32)es and Se(cid:32)r(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)ce Env(cid:32)i(cid:32)ronmen(cid:32)t Subcommi(cid:32)t(cid:32)t(cid:32)ee(cid:32), and Log(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32)s Env(cid:32)i(cid:32)ronmen(cid:32)t(cid:32)
Subcommi(cid:32)t(cid:32)t(cid:32)ee—mee(cid:32)t twi(cid:32)ce a yea(cid:32)r f(cid:32)or t(cid:32)he purpose o(cid:32)f mon(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)or(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng(cid:32).
To he(cid:32)l(cid:32)p deca(cid:32)rbon(cid:32)i(cid:32)ze soc(cid:32)i(cid:32)e(cid:32)t(cid:32)y by reduc(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng CO2 emi(cid:32)s(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons ove(cid:32)r t(cid:32)he en(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)re bus(cid:32)i(cid:32)nes(cid:32)s l(cid:32)i(cid:32)f(cid:32)e c(cid:32)y(cid:32)c(cid:32)l(cid:32)e(cid:32), i(cid:32)n FYE Ma(cid:32)rch 2022 SUBARU(cid:32)
des(cid:32)i(cid:32)gna(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed depa(cid:32)r(cid:32)tmen(cid:32)t(cid:32)s t(cid:32)o t(cid:32)ake cha(cid:32)rge o(cid:32)f each o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he f(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve a(cid:32)reas o(cid:32)f “produc(cid:32)t use(cid:32),(cid:32)” “ma(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)l(cid:32)s and componen(cid:32)t(cid:32)s(cid:32),(cid:32)”
“(cid:32)t(cid:32)ranspor(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on(cid:32),(cid:32)” “d(cid:32)i(cid:32)sposa(cid:32)l(cid:32),(cid:32)” and “manu(cid:32)f(cid:32)ac(cid:32)t(cid:32)ur(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng(cid:32).(cid:32)” Represen(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ves o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he depa(cid:32)r(cid:32)tmen(cid:32)t(cid:32)s i(cid:32)nvo(cid:32)l(cid:32)ved i(cid:32)n each o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)hese a(cid:32)reas come(cid:32)
t(cid:32)oge(cid:32)t(cid:32)he(cid:32)r a(cid:32)t t(cid:32)he mon(cid:32)t(cid:32)h(cid:32)l(cid:32)y CN Promo(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on Mee(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng(cid:32). Th(cid:32)i(cid:32)s mee(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng i(cid:32)s a f(cid:32)orum f(cid:32)or i(cid:32)n(cid:32)f(cid:32)orma(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on sha(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng and pu(cid:32)t(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)oge(cid:32)t(cid:32)he(cid:32)r a(cid:32)
mas(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)r p(cid:32)l(cid:32)an f(cid:32)or ach(cid:32)i(cid:32)ev(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng ca(cid:32)rbon neu(cid:32)t(cid:32)ra(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)y by 2050(cid:32). SUBARU ope(cid:32)ra(cid:32)t(cid:32)es c(cid:32)ros(cid:32)s(cid:32)-(cid:32)company f(cid:32)orums whose a(cid:32)im i(cid:32)s CO2 reduc(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on(cid:32)
ove(cid:32)r t(cid:32)he en(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)re l(cid:32)i(cid:32)f(cid:32)e c(cid:32)y(cid:32)c(cid:32)l(cid:32)e and whose ac(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es a(cid:32)re sub(cid:32)j(cid:32)ec(cid:32)t t(cid:32)o t(cid:32)he ove(cid:32)ra(cid:32)l(cid:32)l supe(cid:32)r(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)on o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he Env(cid:32)i(cid:32)ronmen(cid:32)t Commi(cid:32)t(cid:32)t(cid:32)ee as pa(cid:32)r(cid:32)t o(cid:32)f(cid:32)
ca(cid:32)rbon neu(cid:32)t(cid:32)ra(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)y i(cid:32)n(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ves(cid:32).
62

[PAGE 63]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment R i s k s a n d O p p o r t u n i t ie s I d e n t i f ie d SUBARU defines and identifies risks and opportunities associated with climate change to achieve sustainable business activities. We have identified a number of risks associated with climate change. Initiatives to address climate change may be inadequate or abnormal weather may cause delays in procurement, production, and distribution. In addition, transition risks and physical risks may have impacts and outcomes that are currently extremely difficult to predict. Increased R&D expenses, lost sales opportunities due to reduced customer satisfaction and brand image, and delays in procurement, production, and distribution due to abnormal weather are among the potential impacts of these risks. These risks could have a material impact on the operating results and financial position of the SUBARU Group. On the other hand, effective initiatives to address climate change could lead to opportunities to create new markets and employment and also use capital and energy more efficiently. Main Risks Identified Business Management in General Reputational risk 1If SUBARU fails to implement adequate initiatives to achieve low-carbon/zero-carbon outcomes, its brand value could be harmed, which could affect the Company’s sales and recruiting ability. Capital costs could also rise, due to increased difficulty in obtaining financing from medium- and long-term investors. Regulatory risk 2There is an argument that nationally determined contributions (NDCs) need to be expanded to be able to achieve the Paris Agreement’s “well below 2°C” target, and thus countries may revise their NDCs to set more stringent targets. Such revisions Governance St ructure for Cl imate Change 63 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of
Governance St(cid:32)(cid:32)ructure for Cl(cid:32)(cid:32)imate Change | fices
[TABLE] Risks and Opportunities Identified
SUBARU defines and identifies risks and opportunities associated with climate change to achieve sustainable business
activities.
We have identified a number of risks associated with climate change. Initiatives to address climate change may be
inadequate or abnormal weather may cause delays in procurement, production, and distribution. In addition, transition risks
and physical risks may have impacts and outcomes that are currently extremely difficult to predict. Increased R&D expenses,
lost sales opportunities due to reduced customer satisfaction and brand image, and delays in procurement, production, and
distribution due to abnormal weather are among the potential impacts of these risks. These risks could have a material
impact on the operating results and financial position of the SUBARU Group.
On the other hand, effective initiatives to address climate change could lead to opportunities to create new markets and
employment and also use capital and energy more efficiently.
Main Risks Identified
Business Management in General
Reputational risk
①If SUBARU fails to implement adequate initiatives to achieve low-carbon/zero-carbon outcomes, its brand value could be
harmed, which could affect the Company’s sales and recruiting ability. Capital costs could also rise, due to increased
difficulty in obtaining financing from medium- and long-term investors.
Regulatory risk
②There is an argument that nationally determined contributions (NDCs) need to be expanded to be able to achieve the Paris
Agreement’s “well below 2°C” target, and thus countries may revise their NDCs to set more stringent targets. Such revisions
63

[PAGE 64]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment could have a significant impact on SUBARU’s business activities. Acute physical risk 3As an impact of climate change, extreme torrential rain will frequently cause floods in various locations, which could pose risks of SUBARU’s operations being affected by disrupted supply of raw materials and submerged factories. Products Regulatory risk 1If SUBARU fails to meet fuel economy regulations imposed in Japan, the U.S., Europe, and China, the Company could incur additional costs or losses related to negative incentives, such as fines or non-penal fines for legal violation, and credit purchase for unmet standards. Also, some of our products could fail to satisfy certain fuel economy standards, resulting in restrained sales opportunities. Market risk 2At present, it is difficult to predict technological progress and price optimization for electrification, which will likely cause a substantial gap with the real state of market needs. In such a situation, SUBARU could incur unnecessary and excessive R&D costs while facing a decline in customer satisfaction, resulting in unexpected losses and reduced sales opportunities as well as hampered advancement of the Company’s electrification efforts. 3SUBARU views electrification as a steady medium- to long-term trend, and also anticipates the possibility of its swift and sweeping penetration of the market at some stage. SUBARU could be unprepared for such prospect in terms of technology and timely product lineups, and thus suffer from a resultant loss of product sales opportunities. Technology risk 4To promote electrification, it is crucial to ensure profitability for the entire product cycle ranging from procurement and use to disposal. Thus, it is essential to involve SUBARU’s upstream and downstream partners in exerting efforts toward this end. Failure to do this could render the Company unable to meet the profitability goal for the entire product life cycle. Chronic physical risk 5There is a possibility that SUBARU might suffer from shortages of natural resources used for tires and metal resources for electrification technologies. Production Phase Regulatory risk 1If SUBARU continues to use energy derived from fossil fuels, it could incur rising costs, due not only to geopolitical factors associated with petroleum and the like, but also to carbon taxes, emission quotas, and other government policies and regulations. Technology risk 2If use of renewable energy does not grow as expected, SUBARU could face slower progress in achieving its Scope 1 and 2 emissions reduction goals. Main Opportunities Identified Market opportunity 1If SUBARU advances its efforts to make products more environmentally friendly as planned and global climate change mitigation/adaptation efforts progress adequately, the Company will be able to maintain its key markets while at the same time potentially expanding in markets receptive to its offer of “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind.” 2Through contributing to addressing climate change issues, SUBARU could increase its brand value, thereby enhancing its sales and recruiting ability. This could make it easier for the Company to obtain financing from investors, thereby lowering capital costs. Energy source opportunity 3Regarding energy use during the production phase, by transitioning to renewable energy while at the same time giving due consideration to cost-effectiveness, SUBARU could overcome the risk of being exposed to price fluctuations involved in energy derived from fossil fuels, thereby preventing future cost increases. Note: The risks and opportunities described above are based on past facts and currently available information, and may change significantly due to such factors as future economic trends and the business environment facing SUBARU. The opportunities described represent those for SUBARU’s products to contribute to climate change adaptation and do not anticipate climate change-related deterioration. 64 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of
could have a significant impact on SUBARU’s business activities. | fices
[TABLE] Acute physical risk
③As an impact of climate change, extreme torrential rain will frequently cause floods in various locations, which could pose
risks of SUBARU’s operations being affected by disrupted supply of raw materials and submerged factories.
Products
Regulatory risk
①If SUBARU fails to meet fuel economy regulations imposed in Japan, the U.S., Europe, and China, the Company could incur
additional costs or losses related to negative incentives, such as fines or non-penal fines for legal violation, and credit
purchase for unmet standards. Also, some of our products could fail to satisfy certain fuel economy standards, resulting in
restrained sales opportunities.
Market risk
②At present, it is difficult to predict technological progress and price optimization for electrification, which will likely cause
a substantial gap with the real state of market needs. In such a situation, SUBARU could incur unnecessary and excessive
R&D costs while facing a decline in customer satisfaction, resulting in unexpected losses and reduced sales opportunities as
well as hampered advancement of the Company’s electrification efforts.
③SUBARU views electrification as a steady medium- to long-term trend, and also anticipates the possibility of its swift and
sweeping penetration of the market at some stage. SUBARU could be unprepared for such prospect in terms of technology
and timely product lineups, and thus suffer from a resultant loss of product sales opportunities.
Technology risk
④To promote electrification, it is crucial to ensure profitability for the entire product cycle ranging from procurement and
use to disposal. Thus, it is essential to involve SUBARU’s upstream and downstream partners in exerting efforts toward this
end. Failure to do this could render the Company unable to meet the profitability goal for the entire product life cycle.
Chronic physical risk
⑤There is a possibility that SUBARU might suffer from shortages of natural resources used for tires and metal resources for
electrification technologies.
Production Phase
Regulatory risk
①If SUBARU continues to use energy derived from fossil fuels, it could incur rising costs, due not only to geopolitical factors
associated with petroleum and the like, but also to carbon taxes, emission quotas, and other government policies and
regulations.
Technology risk
②If use of renewable energy does not grow as expected, SUBARU could face slower progress in achieving its Scope 1 and 2
emissions reduction goals.
Main Opportunities Identified
Market opportunity
①If SUBARU advances its efforts to make products more environmentally friendly as planned and global climate change
mitigation/adaptation efforts progress adequately, the Company will be able to maintain its key markets while at the same
time potentially expanding in markets receptive to its offer of “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind.”
②Through contributing to addressing climate change issues, SUBARU could increase its brand value, thereby enhancing its
sales and recruiting ability. This could make it easier for the Company to obtain financing from investors, thereby lowering
capital costs.
Energy source opportunity
③Regarding energy use during the production phase, by transitioning to renewable energy while at the same time giving due
consideration to cost-effectiveness, SUBARU could overcome the risk of being exposed to price fluctuations involved in
energy derived from fossil fuels, thereby preventing future cost increases.
Note: The risks and opportunities described above are based on past facts and currently available information, and may change significantly
due to such factors as future economic trends and the business environment facing SUBARU. The opportunities described represent
those for SUBARU’s products to contribute to climate change adaptation and do not anticipate climate change-related deterioration.
64

[PAGE 65]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment R i s k M a n a g e m e n t The automotive industry is ushering in a major transformation, which only occurs once in a hundred years. The SUBARU Group, which operates businesses globally, is aiming to enhance the resilience of its management infrastructure by ensuring the sustainability of its businesses by quickly tackling changes in world affairs. At the same time, the Group must boost its measures to minimize its human, social, and economic losses. Amid this environment, it is essential to strategically conduct risk management throughout the Group to conduct business activities. We therefore believe it is important to create a SUBARU Group that has an infrastructure that is resilient to risk to enhance our corporate value. To address climate change-related transition risks in policy and regulation, technology, markets, and other items, dedicated departments at SUBARU gather information from a wide range of sources and work to identify uncertain climate change- related risks from future projections. Such transition risks are presented and discussed at the Executive Meeting. The Executive Management Board Meeting and the Board of Directors, which are the relevant decision-making bodies, then determine measures in response. The physical risks associated with climate change include flooding and other natural disasters. The Risk Management and Compliance Office plays a pivotal role in establishing regulations in response to these operational risks as part of the BCP system. During emergencies, the office centrally grasps Group-wide information, establishing a system to manage company- wide response. *1 Business Continuity Plan. Risk Management M e d i u m - t o L o n g - t e r m G o a l s ( L o n g - t e r m V i s i o n a n d M i l e s t o n e s ) In order to contribute to a decarbonized society, SUBARU has set long-term goals (long-term vision) for 2050 and medium- term goals (milestones) for around 2030, regarding the product (Scope 3) and production phases (Scope 1 and 2). SUBARU is investigating compliance with relevant policies including the fuel efficiency regulations of the countries it serves. We formulate our own scenarios and plans for achieving our medium- to long-term goals based on policy trends and scenario-specific information published by the International Energy Agency and others. Category Target Year Goal Products (Scope 3) 2050 Reduce average well-to-wheel CO emissions from new vehicles (in operation) by 90% or more compared to 2010 levels Early 2030s Apply electrification technologies to all SUBARU vehicles produced and sold worldwide Up to 2030 Make at least 40% of SUBARU global sales EVs or HEVs Plants and offices (Scope 1 and 2) FYE March 2051 Achieve carbon neutrality FYE March 2031 Reduce CO emissions by 30% compared with FYE March 2017 (total volume basis) Achievements For FYE March 2022, SUBARU has reported a total of 23,351 thousand t-CO of supply chain greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1, 2, and 3). Out of the total amount, 98% is related to Scope 3, the majority of which stems from the use of sold products. Although our direct CO emissions (Scope 1 and 2) constitute only a marginal portion of the total, we are making proactive efforts to diminish direct emissions, which we believe will encourage the entire SUBARU value chain to work as a team and in greater earnest. In FYE March 2022, Scope 1 and 2 emissions decreased by 34 thousand tons and energy consumption by 312 TJ compared to the previous fiscal year due to the use of renewable energy and the temporary suspension of factory operations due to COVID-19 and semiconductor shortages. Going forward, we will introduce cutting-edge energy conservation functions and renewable energy sources in order to further reduce CO emissions and energy use. To bring it into line with the basis for consolidation of the financial statements, the scope of data aggregation on Scope 1 and 2 emissions has been revised to cover SUBARU, its 52 domestic consolidated subsidiaries, and its four overseas consolidated *1 2 2 2 2 2 subsidiaries. Data for FYE March 2017 and later periods have been adjusted accordingly. Certain non-manufacturing sites in Europe and China are not included. However, the revised scope of data aggregation covers 99% of the SUBARU Group’s Scope 1 and 2 emissions (based on proportion of workforce covered). Scope 1: Direct emissions of greenhouse gases from a company ’s own facilities. Scope 2: Indirect emissions of greenhouse gases from the use of purchased or acquired electricity, heat, and/or steam supplied by another company. Scope 3: All indirect emissions other than Scope 1 and 2 emissions, including those arising from the procurement of raw materials, transport, product use, and the disposal process, as well as arising from employee commuting, business travel, etc. 65 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Environmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmental
Biodiversity
[TABLE] Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Risk Management
[TABLE] The automotive industry is ushering in a major transformation, which only occurs once in a hundred years. The SUBARU
Group, which operates businesses globally, is aiming to enhance the resilience of its management infrastructure by ensuring
the sustainability of its businesses by quickly tackling changes in world affairs. At the same time, the Group must boost its
measures to minimize its human, social, and economic losses. Amid this environment, it is essential to strategically conduct
risk management throughout the Group to conduct business activities. We therefore believe it is important to create a
SUBARU Group that has an infrastructure that is resilient to risk to enhance our corporate value.
To address climate change-related transition risks in policy and regulation, technology, markets, and other items, dedicated
departments at SUBARU gather information from a wide range of sources and work to identify uncertain climate change-
related risks from future projections. Such transition risks are presented and discussed at the Executive Meeting. The
Executive Management Board Meeting and the Board of Directors, which are the relevant decision-making bodies, then
determine measures in response.
The physical risks associated with climate change include flooding and other natural disasters. The Risk Management and
Compliance Office plays a pivotal role in establishing regulations in response to these operational risks as part of the BCP*1
system. During emergencies, the office centrally grasps Group-wide information, establishing a system to manage company-
wide response.
*1 Business Continuity Plan.
Risk Management
Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term Vision and Milestones)
In order to contribute to a decarbonized society, SUBARU has set long-term goals (long-term vision) for 2050 and medium-
term goals (milestones) for around 2030, regarding the product (Scope 3) and production phases (Scope 1 and 2).
SUBARU is investigating compliance with relevant policies including the fuel efficiency regulations of the countries it serves.
We formulate our own scenarios and plans for achieving our medium- to long-term goals based on policy trends and
scenario-specific information published by the International Energy Agency and others.
Category Target Year Goal
Reduce average well-to-wheel CO2 emissions from new vehicles (in operation) by 90% or more compared
2050
to 2010 levels
Products
(Scope 3) Early 2030s Apply electrification technologies to all SUBARU vehicles produced and sold worldwide
Up to 2030 Make at least 40% of SUBARU global sales EVs or HEVs
FYE March
Achieve carbon neutrality
Plants and 2051
offices
(Scope 1 and 2) FYE March Reduce CO2 emissions by 30% compared with FYE March 2017 (total volume basis)
2031
Achievements
For FYE March 2022, SUBARU has reported a total of 23,351 thousand t-CO2 of supply chain greenhouse gas emissions (Scope
1, 2, and 3). Out of the total amount, 98% is related to Scope 3, the majority of which stems from the use of sold products.
Although our direct CO2 emissions (Scope 1 and 2) constitute only a marginal portion of the total, we are making proactive
efforts to diminish direct emissions, which we believe will encourage the entire SUBARU value chain to work as a team and in
greater earnest.
In FYE March 2022, Scope 1 and 2 emissions decreased by 34 thousand tons and energy consumption by 312 TJ compared to
the previous fiscal year due to the use of renewable energy and the temporary suspension of factory operations due to
COVID-19 and semiconductor shortages. Going forward, we will introduce cutting-edge energy conservation functions and
renewable energy sources in order to further reduce CO2 emissions and energy use.
To bring it into line with the basis for consolidation of the financial statements, the scope of data aggregation on Scope 1 and
2 emissions has been revised to cover SUBARU, its 52 domestic consolidated subsidiaries, and its four overseas consolidated
subsidiaries. Data for FYE March 2017 and later periods have been adjusted accordingly. Certain non-manufacturing sites in
Europe and China are not included. However, the revised scope of data aggregation covers 99% of the SUBARU Group’s Scope
1 and 2 emissions (based on proportion of workforce covered).
Scope 1: Direct emissions of greenhouse gases from a company’s own facilities.
Scope 2: Indirect emissions of greenhouse gases from the use of purchased or acquired electricity, heat, and/or steam supplied by another
company.
Scope 3: All indirect emissions other than Scope 1 and 2 emissions, including those arising from the procurement of raw materials,
transport, product use, and the disposal process, as well as arising from employee commuting, business travel, etc.
65
[TABLE] Category | Target Year | Goal
[TABLE] Products
(Scope 3) | 2050 | Reduce average well-to-wheel CO2 emissions from new vehicles (in operation) by 90% or more compared
to 2010 levels
[TABLE] Early 2030s | Apply electrification technologies to all SUBARU vehicles produced and sold worldwide
[TABLE] Up to 2030 | Make at least 40% of SUBARU global sales EVs or HEVs
[TABLE] Plants and
offices
(Scope 1 and 2) | FYE March
2051 | Achieve carbon neutrality
[TABLE] FYE March
2031 | Reduce CO2 emissions by 30% compared with FYE March 2017 (total volume basis)

[PAGE 66]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment CO Emissions by Organization CO Emissions by Scope Scope: SUBARU: SUBARU CORPORATION Group companies in Japan: 52 domestic consolidated subsidiaries (including 33 SUBARU domestic dealerships that are consolidated 2 2 s ub s i d i a r i e s ) G roup c ompan i e s ov e r s e a s : Suba r u o f I nd i ana Au t omo t i v e , I n c . , Suba r u o f Ame r i c a , I n c . , Suba r u o f Canada , I n c . , Suba r u Re s e a r c h & Dev e l opmen t , I n c . SUBARU c a l c u l a t e s CO2 emi s s i on s w i t h i n J apan ba s ed on t he A c t on P romo t i on o f G l oba l Wa rmi ng Coun t e rme a s u re s . Howev e r, emi s s i on f a c t o r s f o r e l e c t r i c i t y a t G roup c ompan i e s ov e r s e a s a re ba s ed on t he mo s t re c en t c oun t r y - s pe c i f i c CO2 emi s s i on i n t en s i t i e s f o r a l l powe r s ou r c e s pub l i s hed annua l l y by t he I n t e r na t i ona l Ene r g y Agen c y ( I EA ) , wh i l e emi s s i on f a c t o r s f o r f ue l a t G roup c ompan i e s ov e r s e a s a re ba s ed on CO2 emi s s i on i n t en s i t i e s pub l i s hed by t he U. S . En v i ronmen t a l P ro t e c t i on Agen c y ( E PA ) . Change s ha v e be en made t o t he s c ope o f agg rega t i on f o r G roup c ompan i e s i n J apan and emi s s i on f a c t o r s f o r e l e c t r i c i t y a t G roup c ompan i e s ov e r s e a s . The re f o re , re s u l t s f rom t he p rev i ou s f i s c a l y e a r ha v e be en rev i s ed . 66 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of | fices
[TABLE] CO2 Emissions by Organization
CO2 Emissions by Scope
Scope:
SUBARU: SUBARU CORPORATION
Group companies in Japan: 52 domestic consolidated subsidiaries (including 33 SUBARU domestic dealerships that are consolidated
s(cid:32)ub(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)d(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)e(cid:32)s(cid:32))
G(cid:32)roup c(cid:32)ompan(cid:32)i(cid:32)e(cid:32)s ov(cid:32)e(cid:32)r(cid:32)s(cid:32)e(cid:32)a(cid:32)s(cid:32):(cid:32) Suba(cid:32)r(cid:32)u o(cid:32)f I(cid:32)nd(cid:32)i(cid:32)ana Au(cid:32)t(cid:32)omo(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)v(cid:32)e(cid:32), I(cid:32)n(cid:32)c(cid:32).(cid:32), Suba(cid:32)r(cid:32)u o(cid:32)f Ame(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32)a(cid:32), I(cid:32)n(cid:32)c(cid:32).(cid:32), Suba(cid:32)r(cid:32)u o(cid:32)f Canada(cid:32), I(cid:32)n(cid:32)c(cid:32).(cid:32), Suba(cid:32)r(cid:32)u Re(cid:32)s(cid:32)e(cid:32)a(cid:32)r(cid:32)c(cid:32)h &
Dev(cid:32)e(cid:32)l(cid:32)opmen(cid:32)t(cid:32), I(cid:32)n(cid:32)c(cid:32).
SUBARU c(cid:32)a(cid:32)l(cid:32)c(cid:32)u(cid:32)l(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)s CO2 emi(cid:32)s(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)on(cid:32)s w(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)h(cid:32)i(cid:32)n J(cid:32)apan ba(cid:32)s(cid:32)ed on t(cid:32)he A(cid:32)c(cid:32)t on P(cid:32)romo(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on o(cid:32)f G(cid:32)l(cid:32)oba(cid:32)l Wa(cid:32)rmi(cid:32)ng Coun(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)rme(cid:32)a(cid:32)s(cid:32)u(cid:32)re(cid:32)s(cid:32). Howev(cid:32)e(cid:32)r, emi(cid:32)s(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)on f(cid:32)a(cid:32)c(cid:32)t(cid:32)o(cid:32)r(cid:32)s(cid:32)
f(cid:32)o(cid:32)r e(cid:32)l(cid:32)e(cid:32)c(cid:32)t(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)y a(cid:32)t G(cid:32)roup c(cid:32)ompan(cid:32)i(cid:32)e(cid:32)s ov(cid:32)e(cid:32)r(cid:32)s(cid:32)e(cid:32)a(cid:32)s a(cid:32)re ba(cid:32)s(cid:32)ed on t(cid:32)he mo(cid:32)s(cid:32)t re(cid:32)c(cid:32)en(cid:32)t c(cid:32)oun(cid:32)t(cid:32)r(cid:32)y(cid:32)-(cid:32)s(cid:32)pe(cid:32)c(cid:32)i(cid:32)f(cid:32)i(cid:32)c CO2 emi(cid:32)s(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)on i(cid:32)n(cid:32)t(cid:32)en(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)e(cid:32)s f(cid:32)o(cid:32)r a(cid:32)l(cid:32)l powe(cid:32)r s(cid:32)ou(cid:32)r(cid:32)c(cid:32)e(cid:32)s(cid:32)
pub(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)hed annua(cid:32)l(cid:32)l(cid:32)y by t(cid:32)he I(cid:32)n(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)r(cid:32)na(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ona(cid:32)l Ene(cid:32)r(cid:32)g(cid:32)y Agen(cid:32)c(cid:32)y ((cid:32)I(cid:32)EA(cid:32))(cid:32), wh(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)e emi(cid:32)s(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)on f(cid:32)a(cid:32)c(cid:32)t(cid:32)o(cid:32)r(cid:32)s f(cid:32)o(cid:32)r f(cid:32)ue(cid:32)l a(cid:32)t G(cid:32)roup c(cid:32)ompan(cid:32)i(cid:32)e(cid:32)s ov(cid:32)e(cid:32)r(cid:32)s(cid:32)e(cid:32)a(cid:32)s a(cid:32)re ba(cid:32)s(cid:32)ed on CO(cid:32) 2
emi(cid:32)s(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)on i(cid:32)n(cid:32)t(cid:32)en(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)e(cid:32)s pub(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)hed by t(cid:32)he U.(cid:32)S(cid:32). En(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)ronmen(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)l P(cid:32)ro(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)c(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on Agen(cid:32)c(cid:32)y ((cid:32)E(cid:32)PA(cid:32))(cid:32). Change(cid:32)s ha(cid:32)v(cid:32)e be(cid:32)en made t(cid:32)o t(cid:32)he s(cid:32)c(cid:32)ope o(cid:32)f agg(cid:32)rega(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on f(cid:32)o(cid:32)r(cid:32)
G(cid:32)roup c(cid:32)ompan(cid:32)i(cid:32)e(cid:32)s i(cid:32)n J(cid:32)apan and emi(cid:32)s(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)on f(cid:32)a(cid:32)c(cid:32)t(cid:32)o(cid:32)r(cid:32)s f(cid:32)o(cid:32)r e(cid:32)l(cid:32)e(cid:32)c(cid:32)t(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)y a(cid:32)t G(cid:32)roup c(cid:32)ompan(cid:32)i(cid:32)e(cid:32)s ov(cid:32)e(cid:32)r(cid:32)s(cid:32)e(cid:32)a(cid:32)s(cid:32). The(cid:32)re(cid:32)f(cid:32)o(cid:32)re(cid:32), re(cid:32)s(cid:32)u(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)s f(cid:32)rom t(cid:32)he p(cid:32)rev(cid:32)i(cid:32)ou(cid:32)s f(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)c(cid:32)a(cid:32)l y(cid:32)e(cid:32)a(cid:32)r(cid:32)
ha(cid:32)v(cid:32)e be(cid:32)en rev(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)ed(cid:32).
66

[PAGE 67]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment Scope: SUBARU: SUBARU CORPORATION Group companies in Japan: 52 domestic consolidated subsidiaries (including 33 SUBARU domestic dealerships that are consolidated subsidiaries) Group companies overseas: Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc., Subaru of America, Inc., Subaru of Canada, Inc., Subaru Research & Development, Inc. SUBARU calculates energy consumption (GJ) based on the Act on the Rational Use of Energy for consumption within Japan, and based on the EPA’s published figures for consumption at Group companies overseas. As the scope of data aggregation for the Group companies in Japan has been altered to bring it in line with the consolidated subsidiaries, the figures for previous fiscal years have been adjusted. CO Emissions (Scope 3) Category Greenhouse Gas Emissions (t-CO ) FYE March 2019 FYE March 2020 FYE March 2021 FYE March 2022 1 Purchased goods and services 1,703,682 1,992,046 1,583,247 1,430,501 2 Capital goods 372,211 413,287 282,713 260,566 3 Fuel- and energy-related activities not included in Scope 1 or Scope 2 103,210 104,910 93,107 90,913 4 Transport and delivery (upstream) 658,268 737,817 601,167 506,604 5 Waste generated in operations 31,984 32,095 26,446 24,888 6 Business travel 4,446 4,554 4,689 4,798 7 Employee commuting 13,506 13,835 14,245 14,576 8 Leased assets (upstream) N/AN/AN/AN/A 9 Transportation, distribution, and sales (downstream) 13,283 6,049 3,893 4,750 10 Processing of sold products N/AN/AN/AN/A 11 Use of sold products 29,079,531 29,734,816 23,916,219 20,126,944 12 End-of-life treatment of sold products 556,139 575,107 484,440 413,368 13 Leased assets (downstream) 2,394 2,463 1,998 2,065 Energy use 2 2 14 Franchises N/AN/AN/AN/A 15 Investments N/AN/AN/AN/A Source: The calculation method for SUBARU Scope 3 emissions has been revised in reference to the Basic Guidelines on Accounting for Greenhouse Gas Emissions throughout the Supply Chain Ver. 2.3 (December 2017) by the Ministry of the Environment and the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry; Database on Emissions Unit Values for Accounting of Greenhouse Gas Emissions, etc., by Organizations Throughout the Supply Chain Ver. 3.0 (March 2020) by the Ministry of the Environment and SUBARU’s life cycle assessment (LCA) calculation standards. The scope of Scope 1 and 2 emissions has been revised on a consolidated subsidiary basis. As a result, Scope 1 and 2 emissions of 11 SUBARU domestic dealerships that are non-consolidated subsidiaries, which were previously included in Scope 1 and 2 emissions, have been newly included as ”Category 9: Transportation, distribution, and sales (downstream).” 67 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of
Energy use | fices
[TABLE] Scope:
SUBARU: SUBARU CORPORATION
Group companies in Japan: 52 domestic consolidated subsidiaries (including 33 SUBARU domestic dealerships that are consolidated
subsidiaries)
Group companies overseas: Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc., Subaru of America, Inc., Subaru of Canada, Inc., Subaru Research &
Development, Inc.
SUBARU calculates energy consumption (GJ) based on the Act on the Rational Use of Energy for consumption within Japan, and based on the
EPA’s published figures for consumption at Group companies overseas.
As the scope of data aggregation for the Group companies in Japan has been altered to bring it in line with the consolidated subsidiaries, the
figures for previous fiscal years have been adjusted.
CO2 Emissions (Scope 3)
Greenhouse Gas Emissions (t-CO2)
Category
FYE March FYE March FYE March FYE March
2019 2020 2021 2022
1 Purchased goods and services 1,703,682 1,992,046 1,583,247 1,430,501
2 Capital goods 372,211 413,287 282,713 260,566
Fuel- and energy-related activities not included in Scope 1 or
3 103,210 104,910 93,107 90,913
Scope 2
4 Transport and delivery (upstream) 658,268 737,817 601,167 506,604
5 Waste generated in operations 31,984 32,095 26,446 24,888
6 Business travel 4,446 4,554 4,689 4,798
7 Employee commuting 13,506 13,835 14,245 14,576
8 Leased assets (upstream) N/A N/A N/A N/A
9 Transportation, distribution, and sales (downstream) 13,283 6,049 3,893 4,750
10 Processing of sold products N/A N/A N/A N/A
11 Use of sold products 29,079,531 29,734,816 23,916,219 20,126,944
12 End-of-life treatment of sold products 556,139 575,107 484,440 413,368
13 Leased assets (downstream) 2,394 2,463 1,998 2,065
14 Franchises N/A N/A N/A N/A
15 Investments N/A N/A N/A N/A
Source: The calculation method for SUBARU Scope 3 emissions has been revised in reference to the Basic Guidelines on Accounting for
Greenhouse Gas Emissions throughout the Supply Chain Ver. 2.3 (December 2017) by the Ministry of the Environment and the
Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry; Database on Emissions Unit Values for Accounting of Greenhouse Gas Emissions, etc., by
Organizations Throughout the Supply Chain Ver. 3.0 (March 2020) by the Ministry of the Environment and SUBARU’s life cycle
assessment (LCA) calculation standards.
The scope of Scope 1 and 2 emissions has been revised on a consolidated subsidiary basis. As a result, Scope 1 and 2 emissions of
11 SUBARU domestic dealerships that are non-consolidated subsidiaries, which were previously included in Scope 1 and 2 emissions,
have been newly included as ”Category 9: Transportation, distribution, and sales (downstream).”
67
[TABLE] Category | Greenhouse Gas Emissions (t-CO2)
[TABLE] FYE March
2019 | FYE March
2020 | FYE March
2021 | FYE March
2022
[TABLE] 1 | Purchased goods and services | 1,703,682 | 1,992,046 | 1,583,247 | 1,430,501
[TABLE] 2 | Capital goods | 372,211 | 413,287 | 282,713 | 260,566
[TABLE] 3 | Fuel- and energy-related activities not included in Scope 1 or
Scope 2 | 103,210 | 104,910 | 93,107 | 90,913
[TABLE] 4 | Transport and delivery (upstream) | 658,268 | 737,817 | 601,167 | 506,604
[TABLE] 5 | Waste generated in operations | 31,984 | 32,095 | 26,446 | 24,888
[TABLE] 6 | Business travel | 4,446 | 4,554 | 4,689 | 4,798
[TABLE] 7 | Employee commuting | 13,506 | 13,835 | 14,245 | 14,576
[TABLE] 8 | Leased assets (upstream) | N/A | N/A | N/A | N/A
[TABLE] 9 | Transportation, distribution, and sales (downstream) | 13,283 | 6,049 | 3,893 | 4,750
[TABLE] 10 | Processing of sold products | N/A | N/A | N/A | N/A
[TABLE] 11 | Use of sold products | 29,079,531 | 29,734,816 | 23,916,219 | 20,126,944
[TABLE] 12 | End-of-life treatment of sold products | 556,139 | 575,107 | 484,440 | 413,368
[TABLE] 13 | Leased assets (downstream) | 2,394 | 2,463 | 1,998 | 2,065
[TABLE] 14 | Franchises | N/A | N/A | N/A | N/A
[TABLE] 15 | Investments | N/A | N/A | N/A | N/A

[PAGE 68]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment I n i t i a t i v e s SUBARU is reducing its CO emissions by using renewable energy and upgrading to highly efficient machinery and equipment with the aim of achieving carbon neutrality by 2050. Renewable energy in FYE March 2022 accounted for 5.0% of the energy consumption of the entire SUBARU Group and 14.7% of its total electricity consumption. All of the electricity purchased at the Gunma Main Plant, Utsunomiya South Plant and 2nd South Plant, the Ebisu Subaru Building, and the SUBARU Academy is carbon-neutral electric power. In addition, Subaru Kohsan Co., Ltd. sells solar generated from solar power generation facilities in Gunma and Shiga prefectures. CO reduction impact of various measures in FYE March 2022 Measure CO reduction impact (t-CO ) Generation of renewable energy (solar power generation) 3,430 Purchase of carbon-neutral electricity 39,647 Introduction of high-efficiency air-conditioning systems 2,045 Replacement of cogeneration facilities 4,390 Energy conservation through information and communications technology (ICT)/IoT 500 Use of Green Power and Green Heat Certificates 3,961 Total 53,973 Gunma Plant The Gunma Plant’s West Building, completed in April 2016, has installed 20 kW of solar power generation equipment, and employed two key advanced environmental functions: a new-generation lighting system that has incorporated individual address control and image-pickup human-presence sensor technologies, and a high-efficiency air-cooling heat-pump chiller. As well as adding solar power generation capacity of 300 kW at its model facility and 105 kW at its trial production facility in FYE March 2022, the plant has also adopted a number of non-mechanical features that can help achieve energy conservation and workplace comfort, such as low-E double-pane windows, trench heating/cooling systems, and balconies that create an attractive recreation space while also serving as a sunlight blocker. Purchase of Carbon-Neutral Electricity (Gunma Main Plant, Oizumi Plant) The Gunma Main Plant had been purchasing a portion of its electricity through the Aqua Premium rate plan specifically for sales of hydropower, but switched to the Gunma Hydropower plan in November 2020. All of its electricity is now derived from hydropower, which reduced CO emissions by approximately 25,000 tons in FYE March 2022. We also reduced CO emissions by approximately 2,474 tons by using non-fossil fuel certificates for the approximately 5,586 MWh of electricity the Oizumi Plant of Gunma Manufacturing Co., Ltd. purchased in FYE March 2022. 2 2 2 2 2 2 68 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of | fices
[TABLE] Initiatives
SUBARU is reducing its CO2 emissions by using renewable energy and upgrading to highly efficient machinery and equipment
with the aim of achieving carbon neutrality by 2050.
Renewable energy in FYE March 2022 accounted for 5.0% of the energy consumption of the entire SUBARU Group and 14.7% of
its total electricity consumption. All of the electricity purchased at the Gunma Main Plant, Utsunomiya South Plant and 2nd
South Plant, the Ebisu Subaru Building, and the SUBARU Academy is carbon-neutral electric power.
In addition, Subaru Kohsan Co., Ltd. sells solar generated from solar power generation facilities in Gunma and Shiga
prefectures.
CO2 reduction impact of various measures in FYE March 2022
Measure CO2 reduction impact (t-CO2)
Generation of renewable energy (solar power generation) 3,430
Purchase of carbon-neutral electricity 39,647
Introduction of high-efficiency air-conditioning systems 2,045
Replacement of cogeneration facilities 4,390
Energy conservation through information and communications technology (ICT)/IoT 500
Use of Green Power and Green Heat Certificates 3,961
Total 53,973
Gunma Plant
The Gunma Plant’s West Building, completed in April 2016, has installed 20 kW of solar power generation equipment, and
employed two key advanced environmental functions: a new-generation lighting system that has incorporated individual
address control and image-pickup human-presence sensor technologies, and a high-efficiency air-cooling heat-pump chiller.
As well as adding solar power generation capacity of 300 kW at its model facility and 105 kW at its trial production facility in
FYE March 2022, the plant has also adopted a number of non-mechanical features that can help achieve energy conservation
and workplace comfort, such as low-E double-pane windows, trench heating/cooling systems, and balconies that create an
attractive recreation space while also serving as a sunlight blocker.
Purchase of Carbon-Neutral Electricity (Gunma Main Plant, Oizumi Plant)
The Gunma Main Plant had been purchasing a portion of its electricity through the Aqua Premium rate plan specifically for
sales of hydropower, but switched to the Gunma Hydropower plan in November 2020. All of its electricity is now derived from
hydropower, which reduced CO2 emissions by approximately 25,000 tons in FYE March 2022.
We also reduced CO2 emissions by approximately 2,474 tons by using non-fossil fuel certificates for the approximately 5,586
MWh of electricity the Oizumi Plant of Gunma Manufacturing Co., Ltd. purchased in FYE March 2022.
68
[TABLE] Measure | CO2 reduction impact (t-CO2)
[TABLE] Generation of renewable energy (solar power generation) | 3,430
[TABLE] Purchase of carbon-neutral electricity | 39,647
[TABLE] Introduction of high-efficiency air-conditioning systems | 2,045
[TABLE] Replacement of cogeneration facilities | 4,390
[TABLE] Energy conservation through information and communications technology (ICT)/IoT | 500
[TABLE] Use of Green Power and Green Heat Certificates | 3,961
[TABLE] Total | 53,973

[PAGE 69]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment SUBARU is moving forward with DX driven by ICT and the IoT beginning the systemization of air factory analysis, data analysis, and the introduction of countermeasures in November 2019. We have implemented three measures: investigating and repairing air leaks, restricting air supply, and improving operating efficiency. We expect energy savings to reduce CO emissions by 500 tons per year. Introduction of High-efficiency Air-conditioning Systems (Gunma Yajima Plant) The automobile painting process involves repeated heating and cooling steps, which consumes a huge amount of energy. To address this issue, the Gunma Yajima Plant adopted a heat pump-based highly efficient heat source system to replace the previous discrete heat source system, starting its operation in 2018. In FYE March 2022, the new technology reduced CO emissions by 2,045 tons compared with the previous system. We also replaced the aging cooling water supply system of the 3rd Paint Plant. In April 2022, the plant, which had previously used an absorption chiller with city gas as the heat source, introduced a centrifugal chiller with an electrically operated heat pump. In July, the plant began operation of a gas-fired absorption chiller with warm water from the cogeneration facility as the heat source. The replacement of the cooling water supply systems will enable us to further reduce CO emissions. Replacement of Cogeneration Facilities At the Gunma Plant, we operate cogeneration facilities at the Main Plant, Oizumi Plant, and Yajima Plant to promote efficient energy use. The aging cogeneration facility of the Yajima Plant, the first to be installed, was replaced in 2019 after 15 years in service. For the replacement, we selected a model with specifications that make a greater contribution to energy savings in light of the most recent energy consumption profile. In FYE March 2022, the new facility achieved a CO emissions reduction of 4,390 t-CO . In FYE March 2022, we also replaced the cogeneration facility of the Oizumi Plant. The new system began operation in June 2022. By upgrading to more efficient facilities, we aim to enhance our CO emissions reduction. Solar Power Generation at the Gunma Oizumi Plant and the Gunma Yajima Plant Solar power generation facilities are in operation at the Gunma Plant’s three production sites and achieved a CO emissions reduction of approximately 3,057 t-CO in FYE March 2022. At the Yajima Plant, June 2022 saw the start of operation for additional solar power generation facilities at the multi-story parking garage (solar panel capacity: 630 kW) and the final vehicle inspection wing (solar panel capacity: 853 kW). Aerospace Company (Utsunomiya Plant and Handa Plant) Carbon-Neutral Electricity Purchased through the Tochigi Furusato Denki Program for Regional Production and Consumption In FYE March 2019, SUBARU’s Aerospace Company adopted the Tochigi Furusato Denki program to provide electricity to its Utsunomiya South and 2nd South Plants. The program offers electricity from hydropower generation projects owned by Tochigi Prefecture, and represents Japan’s first-ever power supply program themed on the “local production for local consumption” concept. The above program enables the two plants to reduce emissions by an average of 4,000-plus t-CO per year. This program also includes a scheme to spend part of the funds from bill payment, including from SUBARU, on environmental conservation projects promoted in Tochigi Prefecture. *1 Electricity service program co-hosted by the Tochigi Public Enterprise Bureau and TEPCO Energy Partner, Inc. Supplies electricity generated by eight hydroelectric power stations run by the Tochigi prefectural government. Hydropower users can claim to be emitting no CO from using the electricity, on the grounds of its CO -free generation process. Replacement of Cogeneration Facilities In addition to reducing CO emissions, since March 2021 the cogeneration system has enhanced community and employee safety with its blackout start function that can initiate power generation if the power grid goes down for an extended period. IoT Enables Stable Supply of Factory Air and Improved Energy Efficiency 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 *1 2 2 2 2 2 69 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of
Introduction of High-efficiency Air-conditioning Systems (Gunma Yajima Plant) | fices
[TABLE] The automobile painting process involves repeated heating and cooling steps, which consumes a huge amount of energy. To
address this issue, the Gunma Yajima Plant adopted a heat pump-based highly efficient heat source system to replace the
previous discrete heat source system, starting its operation in 2018. In FYE March 2022, the new technology reduced CO2
emissions by 2,045 tons compared with the previous system.
We also replaced the aging cooling water supply system of the 3rd Paint Plant. In April 2022, the plant, which had previously
used an absorption chiller with city gas as the heat source, introduced a centrifugal chiller with an electrically operated heat
pump. In July, the plant began operation of a gas-fired absorption chiller with warm water from the cogeneration facility as
the heat source. The replacement of the cooling water supply systems will enable us to further reduce CO2 emissions.
Replacement of Cogeneration Facilities
At the Gunma Plant, we operate cogeneration facilities at the Main Plant, Oizumi Plant, and Yajima Plant to promote efficient
energy use. The aging cogeneration facility of the Yajima Plant, the first to be installed, was replaced in 2019 after 15 years
in service. For the replacement, we selected a model with specifications that make a greater contribution to energy savings in
light of the most recent energy consumption profile. In FYE March 2022, the new facility achieved a CO2 emissions reduction
of 4,390 t-CO2.
In FYE March 2022, we also replaced the cogeneration facility of the Oizumi Plant. The new system began operation in June
2022. By upgrading to more efficient facilities, we aim to enhance our CO2 emissions reduction.
Solar Power Generation at the Gunma Oizumi Plant and the Gunma Yajima Plant
Solar power generation facilities are in operation at the Gunma Plant’s three production sites and achieved a CO2 emissions
reduction of approximately 3,057 t-CO2 in FYE March 2022.
At the Yajima Plant, June 2022 saw the start of operation for additional solar power generation facilities at the multi-story
parking garage (solar panel capacity: 630 kW) and the final vehicle inspection wing (solar panel capacity: 853 kW).
Aerospace Company (Utsunomiya Plant and Handa Plant)
Carbon-Neutral Electricity Purchased through the Tochigi Furusato Denki Program for Regional Production
and Consumption
In FYE March 2019, SUBARU’s Aerospace Company adopted the Tochigi Furusato Denki program*1 to provide electricity to its
Utsunomiya South and 2nd South Plants. The program offers electricity from hydropower generation projects owned by
Tochigi Prefecture, and represents Japan’s first-ever power supply program themed on the “local production for local
consumption” concept.
The above program enables the two plants to reduce emissions by an average of 4,000-plus t-CO2 per year. This program also
includes a scheme to spend part of the funds from bill payment, including from SUBARU, on environmental conservation
projects promoted in Tochigi Prefecture.
*1 Electricity service program co-hosted by the Tochigi Public Enterprise Bureau and TEPCO Energy Partner, Inc. Supplies electricity
generated by eight hydroelectric power stations run by the Tochigi prefectural government. Hydropower users can claim to be emitting
no CO2 from using the electricity, on the grounds of its CO2-free generation process.
Replacement of Cogeneration Facilities
In addition to reducing CO2 emissions, since March 2021 the cogeneration system has enhanced community and employee
safety with its blackout start function that can initiate power generation if the power grid goes down for an extended period.
IoT Enables Stable Supply of Factory Air and Improved Energy Efficiency
SUBARU is moving forward with DX driven by ICT and the IoT beginning the systemization
of air factory analysis, data analysis, and the introduction of countermeasures in
November 2019. We have implemented three measures: investigating and repairing air
leaks, restricting air supply, and improving operating efficiency. We expect energy savings
to reduce CO2 emissions by 500 tons per year.
69

[PAGE 70]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment Air leak investigation The SUBARU Research and Experiment Center installed solar power generation equipment in FYE March 2018, and generated 81 MWh in FYE March 2022, resulting in a yearly CO emissions reduction of 74 t-CO . SUBARU Research and Experiment Center Improve Compressor Operating Efficiency Tokyo Office The Tokyo Office is in Mitaka City, Tokyo. It is subject to the Tokyo Cap-and-Trade Program for large facilities as per the Tokyo Metropolitan Environmental Security Ordinance. The Tokyo Office is therefore reducing CO emissions with two priority initiatives: promoting energy conservation by improving facilities and by proactively adopting energy-saving equipment. We are also working to utilize renewable energy, and have installed rooftop solar power generation equipment (total rated output of 30 kW) at our facilities. In FYE March 2022, the facilities generated 38 MWh of electricity for use in-house, achieving a CO emissions reduction of 17 t-CO . We also purchased Green Power Certificates equivalent to 8,535 MWh of electric power, or CO emissions of 3,781 t-CO , during the fiscal year. Offices Head Office (Ebisu Subaru Building) and SUBARU Academy In FYE March 2022, by switching to a power contract with a zero coefficient and using the Green Heat Certificate system, the Head Office realized carbon neutrality on CO emissions of 883 t-CO , thus achieving net zero emissions. SUBARU Accessory Center In FYE March 2022, the use of 459 MWh of electric power generated by solar power facilities installed in March 2020 resulted in a yearly CO emissions reduction of 204 t-CO . SUBARU Research and Experiment Center 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 70 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of
Air leak investigation | fices
[TABLE] Improve Compressor Operating Efficiency
Tokyo Office
The Tokyo Office is in Mitaka City, Tokyo. It is subject to the Tokyo Cap-and-Trade Program for large facilities as per the Tokyo
Metropolitan Environmental Security Ordinance. The Tokyo Office is therefore reducing CO2 emissions with two priority
initiatives: promoting energy conservation by improving facilities and by proactively adopting energy-saving equipment.
We are also working to utilize renewable energy, and have installed rooftop solar power generation equipment (total rated
output of 30 kW) at our facilities. In FYE March 2022, the facilities generated 38 MWh of electricity for use in-house, achieving
a CO2 emissions reduction of 17 t-CO2. We also purchased Green Power Certificates equivalent to 8,535 MWh of electric
power, or CO2 emissions of 3,781 t-CO2, during the fiscal year.
Offices
Head Office (Ebisu Subaru Building) and SUBARU Academy
In FYE March 2022, by switching to a power contract with a zero coefficient and using the Green Heat Certificate system, the
Head Office realized carbon neutrality on CO2 emissions of 883 t-CO2, thus achieving net zero emissions.
SUBARU Accessory Center
In FYE March 2022, the use of 459 MWh of electric power generated by solar power facilities installed in March 2020 resulted
in a yearly CO2 emissions reduction of 204 t-CO2.
SUBARU Research and Experiment Center
The SUBARU Research and Experiment Center installed solar power
generation equipment in FYE March 2018, and generated 81 MWh in FYE
March 2022, resulting in a yearly CO2 emissions reduction of 74 t-CO2.
SUBARU Research and Experiment Center
70

[PAGE 71]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment The Oizumi Plant of Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd. installed solar power generation equipment in FYE March 2018, and generated 37 MWh. Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd. Oizumi Plant Subaru of America, Inc.’s new headquarters and National Service Training Center have acquired silver LEED certification, which is higher than standard certification. By installing automated equipment at its headquarters building and National Service Training Center in 2021, the company established comprehensive air-conditioning systems with more efficient energy utilization. Among the notable features of the headquarters building are its use of 100% renewable energy, the installation of charging facilities ahead of the sales launch of the SOLTERRA BEV in 2022, and the operation of an efficient air-conditioning system and LED lighting. In April 2021, the company installed daylight harvesting technology in its headquarters foyer which achieves the appropriate level of brightness for the space by balancing natural light with just the required level of electric lighting, reducing energy consumption and CO emissions. To coincide with the relocation of its Southern California Regional Distribution Center, the company has added a further 2 MWh of solar power generation capacity, which it expects will reduce CO emissions by approximately 1,400 t-CO a year. *2 Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) certification is a green building certification system developed and operated by the U.S. Green Building Council (USGBC). It provides objective environmental performance data on buildings through evaluation of energy conservation and environmental impact reduction abilities for a range of project stages from overall planning and design to construction, management, and maintenance. Acquisition of the certification is becoming popular in the U.S. and in other countries. Subaru of America, Inc.’s new headquarters and training center Subaru of America, Inc.’s new headquarters foyer, which harnesses sunlight with new daylight harvesting technology Ichitan Co., Ltd. Ichitan Co., Ltd. has been reducing annual CO emissions by 3,000 t-CO by purchasing CO -free electricity. Subaru Kohsan Co., Ltd. Subaru Kohsan Co., Ltd. entered the business of marketing electricity from solar power generation operations. It sells electricity generated from solar power equipment with a rated output of 420 kW (equivalent to 100 detached houses) installed in Kiryu, Gunma Prefecture, and, as of March 2021, equipment with a rated output of 1,470 kW (equivalent to 350 detached houses) installed in Konan, Shiga Prefecture. The company has also promoted the use of renewable energy by installing solar power generation facilities at its Ota S Building and the new wing of its Higashi-Nagaoka company dormitory. Group companies overseas Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.’s Technical Training Center has solar power generation equipment on its roof and LED lighting with motion sensors for all indoor lighting. In addition, the company has reduced electricity use by replacing compressors and other air-conditioning equipment. Subaru of America, Inc. Subaru Canada, Inc . The bu i l d i ng t ha t houses t he re l oca t ed o f f i ce o f Sco t t Suba ru , a re t a i l e r o f Suba ru Canada , I nc . , f rom 2019 boas t s a d i s t i nc t i ve , h i gh l y ene rgy - e f f i c i en t des i gn t ha t enab l es comf or t wi t hou t an a i r - cond i t i on i ng s y s t em. I n recogn i t i on o f t h i s , t he bu i l d i ng i s t he wor l d ’ s f i r s t re t a i l f ac i l i t y t o ob t a i n a pas s i ve house ce r t i f i ca t i on . 2 2 2 *2 2 2 2 Group companies in Japan Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd. 71 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of
Group companies in Japan | fices
[TABLE] Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd.
The Oizumi Plant of Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd. installed solar power generation
equipment in FYE March 2018, and generated 37 MWh.
Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd. Oizumi Plant
Ichitan Co., Ltd.
Ichitan Co., Ltd. has been reducing annual CO2 emissions by 3,000 t-CO2 by purchasing CO2-free electricity.
Subaru Kohsan Co., Ltd.
Subaru Kohsan Co., Ltd. entered the business of marketing electricity from solar power generation operations. It sells
electricity generated from solar power equipment with a rated output of 420 kW (equivalent to 100 detached houses)
installed in Kiryu, Gunma Prefecture, and, as of March 2021, equipment with a rated output of 1,470 kW (equivalent to 350
detached houses) installed in Konan, Shiga Prefecture. The company has also promoted the use of renewable energy by
installing solar power generation facilities at its Ota S Building and the new wing of its Higashi-Nagaoka company dormitory.
Group companies overseas
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.’s Technical Training Center has solar power generation equipment on its roof and LED
lighting with motion sensors for all indoor lighting. In addition, the company has reduced electricity use by replacing
compressors and other air-conditioning equipment.
Subaru of America, Inc.
Subaru of America, Inc.’s new headquarters and National Service Training Center have
acquired silver LEED certification,*2 which is higher than standard certification. By
installing automated equipment at its headquarters building and National Service Training
Center in 2021, the company established comprehensive air-conditioning systems with
more efficient energy utilization.
Among the notable features of the headquarters building are its use of 100% renewable
energy, the installation of charging facilities ahead of the sales launch of the SOLTERRA
BEV in 2022, and the operation of an efficient air-conditioning system and LED lighting. In
Subaru of America, Inc.’s new
April 2021, the company installed daylight harvesting technology in its headquarters foyer
headquarters and training center
which achieves the appropriate level of brightness for the space by balancing natural light
with just the required level of electric lighting, reducing energy consumption and CO2
emissions.
To coincide with the relocation of its Southern California Regional Distribution Center, the
company has added a further 2 MWh of solar power generation capacity, which it expects
will reduce CO2 emissions by approximately 1,400 t-CO2 a year.
*2 Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) certification is a green building
certification system developed and operated by the U.S. Green Building Council (USGBC). It
provides objective environmental performance data on buildings through evaluation of energy
conservation and environmental impact reduction abilities for a range of project stages from Subaru of America, Inc.’s new
overall planning and design to construction, management, and maintenance. Acquisition of the headquarters foyer, which harnesses
certification is becoming popular in the U.S. and in other countries. sunlight with new daylight
harvesting technology
Subaru Canada, Inc(cid:32).
The bu(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)d(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)ha(cid:32)t houses t(cid:32)he re(cid:32)l(cid:32)oca(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed o(cid:32)f(cid:32)f(cid:32)i(cid:32)ce o(cid:32)f Sco(cid:32)t(cid:32)t Suba(cid:32)ru(cid:32), a re(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)e(cid:32)r o(cid:32)f Suba(cid:32)ru Canada(cid:32), I(cid:32)nc(cid:32).(cid:32), f(cid:32)rom 2019 boas(cid:32)t(cid:32)s a(cid:32)
d(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)nc(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve(cid:32), h(cid:32)i(cid:32)gh(cid:32)l(cid:32)y ene(cid:32)rgy(cid:32)-(cid:32)e(cid:32)f(cid:32)f(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32)i(cid:32)en(cid:32)t des(cid:32)i(cid:32)gn t(cid:32)ha(cid:32)t enab(cid:32)l(cid:32)es comf(cid:32)or(cid:32)t wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)hou(cid:32)t an a(cid:32)i(cid:32)r(cid:32)-(cid:32)cond(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng s(cid:32)y(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)em. I(cid:32)n recogn(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)h(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32), t(cid:32)he(cid:32)
bu(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)d(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng i(cid:32)s t(cid:32)he wor(cid:32)l(cid:32)d(cid:32)’(cid:32)s f(cid:32)i(cid:32)r(cid:32)s(cid:32)t re(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)i(cid:32)l f(cid:32)ac(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)y t(cid:32)o ob(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)i(cid:32)n a pas(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve house ce(cid:32)r(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)f(cid:32)i(cid:32)ca(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on(cid:32).
71

[PAGE 72]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment SUBARU is collaborating across the entire Group, including with logistics companies, dealerships, as well as with other automotive industry players to reduce CO emissions in logistics operations by an annual 1% through increased transport efficiency for finished vehicles and export parts. We will work to further enhance supply chain management, which will contribute to carbon neutrality by 2050. SUBARU’s logistics system Transport of Finished Vehicles SUBARU is establishing optimal standard routes for finished vehicles, flexibly accommodating shipping of a wide range of vehicle types and sizes (particularly large cars), improving loading efficiency, and promoting modal shift. We also request that our logistics partners minimize the environmental impact of their transport operations, taking actions such as practicing eco-conscious driving by installing digital tachographs and dash cams, as well as improving fuel efficiency by fitting aerodynamic panels and other devices. As a result of expanded efforts for consolidated and standardized transportation routes, per unit CO emissions from transportation of SUBARU vehicles in FYE March 2022 declined 20.7% from the FYE March 2007 level, against the target of a 14% reduction from the base year. We will continue with our efforts to pursue further reductions. *3 For cargo transportation, switching transportation modes from trucks to those imposing less environmental burden, such as railway and seaborne systems. *4 Fitted to a vehicle to automatically record its journey information, including driving time and speed, and store the information in the installed recording medium, such as a memory card. The device is employed broadly by industries involving the commercial operation of vehicles as a tool for driving management. As the system can present clear data of recorded events, including sudden acceleration and deceleration, fuel-wasting engine idling, and dangerous driving, it is expected to help drivers increase their awareness of safe driving and fuel economy. Export Parts In the transport of parts for overseas SUBARU vehicle production, we are making efforts to improve the container fill rate through measures such as utilizing unused upper space in high cube containers, improving packing modes, and employing lighter-weight packaging materials. As a result, we achieved a fill rate of 92% in FYE March 2022. In FYE March 2018, we began using the container round use system, which increases the efficiency of container transport. This enabled us to reduce emissions by 57 t-CO year on year in FYE March 2022. The use of inland container depots has reduced 3 t-CO , which is equivalent to 82 containers. In the second half of 2020, we launched an initiative in the Gunma region to make active reuse of export containers previously used by another company, which achieved a reduction of approximately 15 t-CO in FYE March 2022. We will continue to implement initiatives to reduce CO emissions. *5 Using import containers for export instead of returning them empty to port, thereby reducing the transport of empty containers from ports. *6 Depot located inland for consolidation of container cargo. 2 *3 *4 2 *5 2 *6 2 2 2 Distr ibut ion 72 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of
Distr(cid:32)ibut(cid:32)ion | fices
[TABLE] SUBARU is collaborating across the entire Group, including with logistics companies, dealerships, as well as with other
automotive industry players to reduce CO2 emissions in logistics operations by an annual 1% through increased transport
efficiency for finished vehicles and export parts. We will work to further enhance supply chain management, which will
contribute to carbon neutrality by 2050.
SUBARU’s logistics system
Transport of Finished Vehicles
SUBARU is establishing optimal standard routes for finished vehicles, flexibly accommodating shipping of a wide range of
vehicle types and sizes (particularly large cars), improving loading efficiency, and promoting modal shift.*3 We also request
that our logistics partners minimize the environmental impact of their transport operations, taking actions such as practicing
eco-conscious driving by installing digital tachographs*4 and dash cams, as well as improving fuel efficiency by fitting
aerodynamic panels and other devices.
As a result of expanded efforts for consolidated and standardized transportation routes, per unit CO2 emissions from
transportation of SUBARU vehicles in FYE March 2022 declined 20.7% from the FYE March 2007 level, against the target of a
14% reduction from the base year. We will continue with our efforts to pursue further reductions.
*3 For cargo transportation, switching transportation modes from trucks to those imposing less environmental burden, such as railway and
seaborne systems.
*4 Fitted to a vehicle to automatically record its journey information, including driving time and speed, and store the information in the
installed recording medium, such as a memory card. The device is employed broadly by industries involving the commercial operation of
vehicles as a tool for driving management. As the system can present clear data of recorded events, including sudden acceleration and
deceleration, fuel-wasting engine idling, and dangerous driving, it is expected to help drivers increase their awareness of safe driving
and fuel economy.
Export Parts
In the transport of parts for overseas SUBARU vehicle production, we are making efforts to improve the container fill rate
through measures such as utilizing unused upper space in high cube containers, improving packing modes, and employing
lighter-weight packaging materials. As a result, we achieved a fill rate of 92% in FYE March 2022.
In FYE March 2018, we began using the container round use system,*5 which increases the efficiency of container transport.
This enabled us to reduce emissions by 57 t-CO2 year on year in FYE March 2022. The use of inland container depots*6 has
reduced 3 t-CO2, which is equivalent to 82 containers. In the second half of 2020, we launched an initiative in the Gunma
region to make active reuse of export containers previously used by another company, which achieved a reduction of
approximately 15 t-CO2 in FYE March 2022. We will continue to implement initiatives to reduce CO2 emissions.
*5 Using import containers for export instead of returning them empty to port, thereby reducing the transport of empty containers from
ports.
*6 Depot located inland for consolidation of container cargo.
72

[PAGE 73]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment Parts and Accessories Distribution Center Subaru of America, Inc.’s regional distribution center has participated in the Oregon Clean Fuel Program since 2020 and has begun switching to electric trucks. In addition, Subaru of America reduced CO emissions by installing solar power generation equipment on the new building of the relocated regional distribution center. Subaru of America, Inc. The company is promoting the use of rail to reduce CO emissions in the distribution process. By switching from truck to rail for transport from Oregon to Indiana and other destinations, it achieved a CO emissions reduction of approximately 8,600 tons in 2021. Sales Dealers in Japan have switched to LED lighting and high-efficiency air-conditioning systems when replacing aging equipment. In addition, Tokyo Subaru Co., Ltd., Kanagawa Subaru Co., Ltd., and Chiba Subaru Inc. have reduced total CO emissions by approximately 3,806 tons in FYE March 2022 by switching to purchases of carbon-neutral power. We will continue to pivot to decoupling energy consumption and CO emissions with initiatives to create environmentally responsible dealers that care about people. Carbon Pricing Joint distribution initiative with Toyota Mobility Parts Co., Ltd. To resolve complexities and inefficiencies in parts of our transport system, we began joint distribution of maintenance parts with Toyota Mobility Parts Co., Ltd. in FYE March 2021. As of the end of FYE March 2022, we had started joint distribution to eight dealers (14 locations and sales partners in some regions). We aim to expand the regions covered going forward. By switching to joint distribution, we have in the case of some dealers achieved a reduction of lead time by one day and a cut in transport costs of approximately 25%. Taking this opportunity, we will reorganize the domestic supply system and establish a stable supply network for the medium to long term. ・ Switch to forklift trucks with electric drive option The Accessory Center in Gunma is making a phased switch from liquefied petroleum gas (LPG)-operated forklift trucks to models that can be operated electrically. We will also equip the electric forklift trucks to make them available for use as storage batteries in the event of a disaster or power outage so that they can be used in times of emergency for instance to maintain telecommunications functions. ・ 2 2 2 2 2 Emi ss ions Trading Systems As bus i nes ses ope ra t i ng i n t he j ur i sd i c t i ons o f t he Tokyo me t ropo l i t an and Sa i t ama pre f ec t ura l gove rnmen t s , our Tokyo Of f i ce and Sa i t ama Log i s t i c s Cen t e r and S t e l l a r Town Omi ya a re cove red by t he Tokyo Me t ropo l i t an Env i ronmen t a l Secur i t y Ord i nance , wh i ch promo t es greenhouse gas reduc t i on and emi s s i ons t rad i ng f or l a rge bus i nes ses , and Sa i t ama Pre f ec t ure ’ s regu l a t i on on t a rge t - based emi s s i ons t rad i ng f rom i t s Ord i nance on t he Promo t i on o f G l oba l Wa rmi ng Coun t e rmeasures . Our bus i nes s s i t es a re respond i ng t hrough comp l i ance wi t h t he re l evan t emi s s i ons t rad i ng s y s t ems . Internal Carbon Pr i c ing SUBARU i n t roduced i n t e rna l ca rbon pr i c i ng i n FYE Ma rch 2023 . I n t he i n t e rna l consu l t a t i ve p l an on cap i t a l expend i t ures a t bus i nes s s i t es , t he mone t a r y va l ue o f t he CO2 reduc t i on ac company i ng t he i n t roduc t i on o f t he re l evan t f ac i l i t i es i s se t a t 6 , 000 yen / t on . By ac coun t i ng f or CO2 reduc t i on impac t i n t e rms o f i t s cos t reduc t i on impac t , we ensure i t s i nc l us i on as a f ac t or i n as ses s i ng cap i t a l expend i t ures . The i n t roduc t i on o f i n t e rna l ca rbon pr i c i ng , wh i ch comes unde r t he ca t egor y o f shadow pr i c i ng , i s i n t ended no t on l y t o ra i se awa renes s o f CO2 reduc t i on among f ac i l i t y manage r s bu t a l so t o promo t e i nves tmen t i n f ac i l i t i es wi t h a h i gh CO2 reduc t i on impac t . (FYE March) 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Container fill rate 88% 79% 94% 85% 92% 73 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of
(FYE March) | fices
[TABLE] 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Container fill rate 88% 79% 94% 85% 92%
Parts and Accessories
・Joint distribution initiative with Toyota Mobility Parts Co., Ltd.
To resolve complexities and inefficiencies in parts of our transport system, we began joint distribution of maintenance
parts with Toyota Mobility Parts Co., Ltd. in FYE March 2021. As of the end of FYE March 2022, we had started joint
distribution to eight dealers (14 locations and sales partners in some regions). We aim to expand the regions covered
going forward.
By switching to joint distribution, we have in the case of some dealers achieved a reduction of lead time by one day and a
cut in transport costs of approximately 25%.
Taking this opportunity, we will reorganize the domestic supply system and establish a stable supply network for the
medium to long term.
・Switch to forklift trucks with electric drive option
The Accessory Center in Gunma is making a phased switch from liquefied petroleum gas (LPG)-operated forklift trucks to
models that can be operated electrically. We will also equip the electric forklift trucks to make them available for use as
storage batteries in the event of a disaster or power outage so that they can be used in times of emergency for instance to
maintain telecommunications functions.
Distribution Center
Subaru of America, Inc.’s regional distribution center has participated in the Oregon Clean Fuel Program since 2020 and has
begun switching to electric trucks. In addition, Subaru of America reduced CO2 emissions by installing solar power generation
equipment on the new building of the relocated regional distribution center.
Subaru of America, Inc.
The company is promoting the use of rail to reduce CO2 emissions in the distribution process. By switching from truck to rail
for transport from Oregon to Indiana and other destinations, it achieved a CO2 emissions reduction of approximately 8,600
tons in 2021.
Sales
Dealers in Japan have switched to LED lighting and high-efficiency air-conditioning systems when replacing aging equipment.
In addition, Tokyo Subaru Co., Ltd., Kanagawa Subaru Co., Ltd., and Chiba Subaru Inc. have reduced total CO2 emissions by
approximately 3,806 tons in FYE March 2022 by switching to purchases of carbon-neutral power.
We will continue to pivot to decoupling energy consumption and CO2 emissions with initiatives to create environmentally
responsible dealers that care about people.
Carbon Pricing
Emi(cid:32)ss(cid:32)ions Trading Systems
As bus(cid:32)i(cid:32)nes(cid:32)ses ope(cid:32)ra(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng i(cid:32)n t(cid:32)he j(cid:32)ur(cid:32)i(cid:32)sd(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he Tokyo me(cid:32)t(cid:32)ropo(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)an and Sa(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)ama pre(cid:32)f(cid:32)ec(cid:32)t(cid:32)ura(cid:32)l gove(cid:32)rnmen(cid:32)t(cid:32)s(cid:32), our Tokyo Of(cid:32)f(cid:32)i(cid:32)ce(cid:32)
and Sa(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)ama Log(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32)s Cen(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)r and S(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)l(cid:32)l(cid:32)a(cid:32)r Town Omi(cid:32)ya a(cid:32)re cove(cid:32)red by t(cid:32)he Tokyo Me(cid:32)t(cid:32)ropo(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)an Env(cid:32)i(cid:32)ronmen(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)l Secur(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)y(cid:32)
Ord(cid:32)i(cid:32)nance(cid:32), wh(cid:32)i(cid:32)ch promo(cid:32)t(cid:32)es greenhouse gas reduc(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on and emi(cid:32)s(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons t(cid:32)rad(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng f(cid:32)or l(cid:32)a(cid:32)rge bus(cid:32)i(cid:32)nes(cid:32)ses(cid:32), and Sa(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)ama Pre(cid:32)f(cid:32)ec(cid:32)t(cid:32)ure(cid:32)’(cid:32)s(cid:32)
regu(cid:32)l(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on on t(cid:32)a(cid:32)rge(cid:32)t(cid:32)-(cid:32)based emi(cid:32)s(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons t(cid:32)rad(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng f(cid:32)rom i(cid:32)t(cid:32)s Ord(cid:32)i(cid:32)nance on t(cid:32)he Promo(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on o(cid:32)f G(cid:32)l(cid:32)oba(cid:32)l Wa(cid:32)rmi(cid:32)ng Coun(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)rmeasures(cid:32). Our(cid:32)
bus(cid:32)i(cid:32)nes(cid:32)s s(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)es a(cid:32)re respond(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)hrough comp(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)ance wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h t(cid:32)he re(cid:32)l(cid:32)evan(cid:32)t emi(cid:32)s(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons t(cid:32)rad(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng s(cid:32)y(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)ems(cid:32).
Internal Carbon Pr(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32)ing
SUBARU i(cid:32)n(cid:32)t(cid:32)roduced i(cid:32)n(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)rna(cid:32)l ca(cid:32)rbon pr(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng i(cid:32)n FYE Ma(cid:32)rch 2023(cid:32). I(cid:32)n t(cid:32)he i(cid:32)n(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)rna(cid:32)l consu(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve p(cid:32)l(cid:32)an on cap(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)l expend(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)ures a(cid:32)t(cid:32)
bus(cid:32)i(cid:32)nes(cid:32)s s(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)es(cid:32), t(cid:32)he mone(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)r(cid:32)y va(cid:32)l(cid:32)ue o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he CO2 reduc(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on ac(cid:32)company(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)he i(cid:32)n(cid:32)t(cid:32)roduc(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he re(cid:32)l(cid:32)evan(cid:32)t f(cid:32)ac(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es i(cid:32)s se(cid:32)t a(cid:32)t(cid:32)
6(cid:32),(cid:32)000 yen(cid:32)/(cid:32)t(cid:32)on(cid:32). By ac(cid:32)coun(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng f(cid:32)or CO2 reduc(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on impac(cid:32)t i(cid:32)n t(cid:32)e(cid:32)rms o(cid:32)f i(cid:32)t(cid:32)s cos(cid:32)t reduc(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on impac(cid:32)t(cid:32), we ensure i(cid:32)t(cid:32)s i(cid:32)nc(cid:32)l(cid:32)us(cid:32)i(cid:32)on as a(cid:32)
f(cid:32)ac(cid:32)t(cid:32)or i(cid:32)n as(cid:32)ses(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng cap(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)l expend(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)ures(cid:32). The i(cid:32)n(cid:32)t(cid:32)roduc(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on o(cid:32)f i(cid:32)n(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)rna(cid:32)l ca(cid:32)rbon pr(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng(cid:32), wh(cid:32)i(cid:32)ch comes unde(cid:32)r t(cid:32)he ca(cid:32)t(cid:32)egor(cid:32)y o(cid:32)f(cid:32)
shadow pr(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng(cid:32), i(cid:32)s i(cid:32)n(cid:32)t(cid:32)ended no(cid:32)t on(cid:32)l(cid:32)y t(cid:32)o ra(cid:32)i(cid:32)se awa(cid:32)renes(cid:32)s o(cid:32)f CO2 reduc(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on among f(cid:32)ac(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)y manage(cid:32)r(cid:32)s bu(cid:32)t a(cid:32)l(cid:32)so t(cid:32)o promo(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)
i(cid:32)nves(cid:32)tmen(cid:32)t i(cid:32)n f(cid:32)ac(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h a h(cid:32)i(cid:32)gh CO2 reduc(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on impac(cid:32)t(cid:32).
73
[TABLE] 2018 | 2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022
[TABLE] Container fill rate | 88% | 79% | 94% | 85% | 92%

[PAGE 74]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment SUBARU and Toyota Motor Corporation (“Toyota”) have agreed to jointly develop EV platforms and vehicles applying SUBARU’s AWD technologies and Toyota’s electrification technologies. This agreement is designed to enable the two automakers to multiply their technical strengths with the goal of creating attractive EV products. As a dedicated BEV platform, they have jointly developed the e-SUBARU Global Platform. Suppliers We have set out a code of conduct that requires supplier selection and management mechanisms relating to climate change issues, and share the code with our suppliers, asking them to take appropriate actions when providing orientation sessions. This measure has encouraged suppliers to voluntarily work to obtain ISO 14001 certification, resulting in a decline in environmental accidents and mismanagement events. We have also created and run a system to assist voluntary Tier 2 suppliers in seeking Eco Action 21 certification. Meanwhile, the suppliers of Subaru of America, Inc. have agreed to participate in Science Based Targets activity to reduce CO emissions in the production process by 2030. The suppliers achieved 100% renewable energy utilization in 2021, which resulted in a yearly saving of approximately 500 barrels of petroleum and approximately 7 million gallons of water. *7 Secondary subcontractor that supplies parts to motor vehicle manufacturers. Industry Groups SUBARU is a member of the climate change committee of Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association, Inc. ( JAMA). Also, the President and Executive Vice Presidents are JAMA directors responsible for the body’s executive decision making, and decisions made by JAMA are reflected in SUBARU’s mid-term management vision. Customers Carter Subaru Ballard, a U.S. dealer, runs regional forest conservation campaigns involving its customers. Specifically, for each test drive in a SUBARU car, the dealer donates one tree to be planted in areas along national highways, and an additional three trees for each purchase. This forestation initiative engages customers and local residents and helps them become more aware of environmental issues, including climate change. *7 2 SUBARU is tackling the climate change challenge through partnerships with suppliers, customers, and industry groups. Alliance with Toyota Motor Corporation External Partnerships 74 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of
External Partnerships | fices
[TABLE] SUBARU is tackling the climate change challenge through partnerships with suppliers, customers, and industry groups.
Alliance with Toyota Motor Corporation
SUBARU and Toyota Motor Corporation (“Toyota”) have agreed to jointly develop EV platforms and vehicles applying SUBARU’s
AWD technologies and Toyota’s electrification technologies. This agreement is designed to enable the two automakers to
multiply their technical strengths with the goal of creating attractive EV products. As a dedicated BEV platform, they have
jointly developed the e-SUBARU Global Platform.
Suppliers
We have set out a code of conduct that requires supplier selection and management mechanisms relating to climate change
issues, and share the code with our suppliers, asking them to take appropriate actions when providing orientation sessions.
This measure has encouraged suppliers to voluntarily work to obtain ISO 14001 certification, resulting in a decline in
environmental accidents and mismanagement events. We have also created and run a system to assist voluntary Tier 2
suppliers*7 in seeking Eco Action 21 certification.
Meanwhile, the suppliers of Subaru of America, Inc. have agreed to participate in Science Based Targets activity to reduce
CO2 emissions in the production process by 2030. The suppliers achieved 100% renewable energy utilization in 2021, which
resulted in a yearly saving of approximately 500 barrels of petroleum and approximately 7 million gallons of water.
*7 Secondary subcontractor that supplies parts to motor vehicle manufacturers.
Industry Groups
SUBARU is a member of the climate change committee of Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association, Inc. (JAMA). Also, the
President and Executive Vice Presidents are JAMA directors responsible for the body’s executive decision making, and
decisions made by JAMA are reflected in SUBARU’s mid-term management vision.
Customers
Carter Subaru Ballard, a U.S. dealer, runs regional forest conservation campaigns involving its customers. Specifically, for
each test drive in a SUBARU car, the dealer donates one tree to be planted in areas along national highways, and an
additional three trees for each purchase. This forestation initiative engages customers and local residents and helps them
become more aware of environmental issues, including climate change.
74 | SUBARU is tackling the climate change challenge through partnerships with suppliers, customers, and industry groups.
Alliance with Toyota Motor Corporation
SUBARU and Toyota Motor Corporation (“Toyota”) have agreed to jointly develop EV platforms and vehicles applying SUBARU’s
AWD technologies and Toyota’s electrification technologies. This agreement is designed to enable the two automakers to
multiply their technical strengths with the goal of creating attractive EV products. As a dedicated BEV platform, they have
jointly developed the e-SUBARU Global Platform.
Suppliers
We have set out a code of conduct that requires supplier selection and management mechanisms relating to climate change
issues, and share the code with our suppliers, asking them to take appropriate actions when providing orientation sessions.
This measure has encouraged suppliers to voluntarily work to obtain ISO 14001 certification, resulting in a decline in
environmental accidents and mismanagement events. We have also created and run a system to assist voluntary Tier 2
suppliers*7 in seeking Eco Action 21 certification.
Meanwhile, the suppliers of Subaru of America, Inc. have agreed to participate in Science Based Targets activity to reduce
CO2 emissions in the production process by 2030. The suppliers achieved 100% renewable energy utilization in 2021, which
resulted in a yearly saving of approximately 500 barrels of petroleum and approximately 7 million gallons of water.
*7 Secondary subcontractor that supplies parts to motor vehicle manufacturers.
Industry Groups
SUBARU is a member of the climate change committee of Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association, Inc. (JAMA). Also, the
President and Executive Vice Presidents are JAMA directors responsible for the body’s executive decision making, and
decisions made by JAMA are reflected in SUBARU’s mid-term management vision.
Customers
Carter Subaru Ballard, a U.S. dealer, runs regional forest conservation campaigns involving its customers. Specifically, for
each test drive in a SUBARU car, the dealer donates one tree to be planted in areas along national highways, and an

[PAGE 75]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment Our Approach The SUBARU Group considers it very important for manufacturing companies to help realize a society where materials are recycled continuously and the sustainability of business is assured through recycling to maximize resource efficiency. The SUBARU Group will help create a society that recycles with the goals of efficient resource recycling throughout the product life cycle, maintaining zero landfill at production bases in Japan and abroad, and taking the 3Rs—reduce, reuse, and recycle—to the next level. SUBARU is also incorporating recyclability into its automobile design process to make effective use of limited resources throughout the automotive life cycle from raw material procurement to disposal. Environmentally Friendly Automobiles A c h i eve ments and Initiatives Raw Materials SUBARU reuses remnant materials and scrap generated during the production of automobiles as well as end-of-life products that have been collected and other reusables as resources for materials, such as iron, aluminum, and plastics, which account for a large proportion of materials used in making an automobile. Through these efforts, we are promoting closed-loop recycling to reduce natural resource consumption and waste generation. *1 A method by which waste and scrap generated during production along with end-of-life products are recycled as materials for parts of the same quality and then reused to make products of the same kind. Raw Materials Used in Automobiles in FYE March 2022 Recycling Method Iron 467,142 tons Delivered to dealers in the form of iron scrap for reuse Aluminum 25,288 tons Re-melted at plants and reused almost entirely Plastics 18,732 tons Crushed again at plants and reused partially Recycling of aluminum chips Resource Recycling *1 75 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Environmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmental
Biodiversity
[TABLE] Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Resource Recycling
[TABLE] Resource Recycling
[TABLE] Our Approach
The SUBARU Group considers it very important for manufacturing companies to help realize a society where materials are
recycled continuously and the sustainability of business is assured through recycling to maximize resource efficiency.
The SUBARU Group will help create a society that recycles with the goals of efficient resource recycling throughout the
product life cycle, maintaining zero landfill at production bases in Japan and abroad, and taking the 3Rs—reduce, reuse, and
recycle—to the next level.
SUBARU is also incorporating recyclability into its automobile design process to make effective use of limited resources
throughout the automotive life cycle from raw material procurement to disposal.
Environmentally Friendly Automobiles
[TABLE] Achievements and Initiatives
Raw Materials
SUBARU reuses remnant materials and scrap generated during the production of automobiles as well as end-of-life products
that have been collected and other reusables as resources for materials, such as iron, aluminum, and plastics, which account
for a large proportion of materials used in making an automobile. Through these efforts, we are promoting closed-loop
recycling*1 to reduce natural resource consumption and waste generation.
*1 A method by which waste and scrap generated during production along with end-of-life products are recycled as materials for parts of
the same quality and then reused to make products of the same kind.
Raw Materials Used in Automobiles in FYE March 2022 Recycling Method
Iron 467,142 tons Delivered to dealers in the form of iron scrap for reuse
Aluminum 25,288 tons Re-melted at plants and reused almost entirely
Plastics 18,732 tons Crushed again at plants and reused partially
Recycling of aluminum chips
75
[TABLE] Raw Materials Used in Automobiles in FYE March 2022 | Recycling Method
[TABLE] Iron | 467,142 tons | Delivered to dealers in the form of iron scrap for reuse
[TABLE] Aluminum | 25,288 tons | Re-melted at plants and reused almost entirely
[TABLE] Plastics | 18,732 tons | Crushed again at plants and reused partially

[PAGE 76]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment Waste emissions in FYE March 2022 decreased by 9,050 tons year on year due to factors including a decrease in automobile production. As waste is also an important resource, we have maintained zero emissions of waste since FYE March 2015 through maximum recovery and recycling and proper treatment of waste generated. As part of its measures to deal with waste plastic, SUBARU has begun exploring waste plastic material recycling, including the reuse in automotive parts and other applications of reject bumpers from the manufacturing process. *2 A system in which waste and by-products generated in one industry are utilized as resources by other industries, resulting in no waste discharge. This concept was proposed by the United Nations University in 1994. Primary waste products and their recycled products Primary Waste Product Primary Recycled Product Wastewater treatment plant sludge Raw material for cement Paint sludge Iron-making reducer Waste plastics Refuse paper and plastic fuel (RPF) (solid fuels, etc.) Paper waste Recycled paper, RPF, etc. Waste Generation Scope: SUBARU: Gunma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant, Handa Plant, Handa West Plant Group companies in Japan: Yusoki Kogyo K.K., Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd., Ichitan Co., Ltd., Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd., Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd. Overseas Group companies: Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc., Subaru of America, Inc., Subaru Canada, Inc., Subaru Research & Development, Inc. Amount of Waste Generated and Processed Based on aggregation of data from Gunma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant * Waste is not disposed of in a landfill after external intermediate processing. *2 Zero Emissions of Waste from Production 76 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of
Zero Emissions of Waste from Production | fices
[TABLE] Waste emissions in FYE March 2022 decreased by 9,050 tons year on year due to factors including a decrease in automobile
production. As waste is also an important resource, we have maintained zero emissions*2 of waste since FYE March 2015
through maximum recovery and recycling and proper treatment of waste generated. As part of its measures to deal with
waste plastic, SUBARU has begun exploring waste plastic material recycling, including the reuse in automotive parts and
other applications of reject bumpers from the manufacturing process.
*2 A system in which waste and by-products generated in one industry are utilized as resources by other industries, resulting in no waste
discharge. This concept was proposed by the United Nations University in 1994.
Primary waste products and their recycled products
Primary Waste Product Primary Recycled Product
Wastewater treatment plant sludge Raw material for cement
Paint sludge Iron-making reducer
Waste plastics Refuse paper and plastic fuel (RPF) (solid fuels, etc.)
Paper waste Recycled paper, RPF, etc.
Waste Generation
Scope:
SUBARU: Gunma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant, Handa Plant, Handa West Plant
Group companies in Japan: Yusoki Kogyo K.K., Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd., Ichitan Co., Ltd., Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd., Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd.
Overseas Group companies: Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc., Subaru of America, Inc., Subaru Canada, Inc., Subaru Research &
Development, Inc.
Amount of Waste Generated and Processed
Based on aggregation of data from Gunma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant
* Waste is not disposed of in a landfill after external intermediate processing.
76
[TABLE] Primary Waste Product | Primary Recycled Product
[TABLE] Wastewater treatment plant sludge | Raw material for cement
[TABLE] Paint sludge | Iron-making reducer
[TABLE] Waste plastics | Refuse paper and plastic fuel (RPF) (solid fuels, etc.)
[TABLE] Paper waste | Recycled paper, RPF, etc.

[PAGE 77]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment Logistics Reuse of Packaging Materials Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd., which handles packaging and transport for complete knockdown (CKD) parts of SUBARU automobiles, has been actively working on reducing its environmental impact, focusing on the reuse of packaging materials. In FYE March 2022, the amount of packaging materials reused increased due to the adoption of a reusable material for the aluminum wheel packaging on the Outback Wilderness model. The amount reused in FYE March 2022 increased year on year by 19.0% to 786 tons, an intensity per vehicle of 2.7 kg. (FYE March) 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Amount reused (t) 699 776 1,020 661 786 Intensity (kg/vehicle) 2.0 2.1 2.8 2.4 2.7 Reduction of Wrapping Materials on Bumpers for U.S. Market At Subaru of America, Inc., non-colored bumpers imported from Japan are re-wrapped for protection during transport within the U.S. In FYE March 2021, we launched an initiative to remove the need for re-wrapping in the U.S. by applying high- strength wrapping material with high shape stability before export from Japan. This initiative targets high-demand parts and thereby also promotes transport efficiency. In FYE March 2022, rollout to 60% of all parts was completed. The company will progress with the initiative to contribute to reducing the amount of plastic material used in wrapping. Promoting Environmentally Friendly Packaging Materials The company’s Parts Logistics Center is progressing with environmentally friendly initiatives on packaging materials and began exploring a range of measures in FYE March 2022, namely switching from cardboard to paper packaging for improved transport efficiency, use of packaging materials with 10% content of biomass plastic material, and switching from resin to cardboard pallets. Sales Zero Emissions of Waste from SUBARU Dealers in Japan Dealers in Japan are committed to the proper management of waste generated from their business activities and to recycling to achieve zero emissions in Japan. In FYE March 2022, these initiatives resulted in the collection of 24,218 used bumpers, 143,311 lead batteries (containing 1,921 tons of lead material), 5,312 kL of oil, and 145,742 tires. Zero emission initiatives led by dealers, which work most closely with customers, are activities that will contribute more directly to environmental conservation in local communities. The initiatives are expected to help promote proper processing, recycling, and the effective use of resources. 77 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of
Logistics | fices
[TABLE] Reuse of Packaging Materials
Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd., which handles packaging and transport for complete knockdown (CKD) parts of SUBARU
automobiles, has been actively working on reducing its environmental impact, focusing on the reuse of packaging materials.
In FYE March 2022, the amount of packaging materials reused increased due to the adoption of a reusable material for the
aluminum wheel packaging on the Outback Wilderness model. The amount reused in FYE March 2022 increased year on year
by 19.0% to 786 tons, an intensity per vehicle of 2.7 kg.
(FYE March)
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Amount reused
699 776 1,020 661 786
(t)
Intensity
2.0 2.1 2.8 2.4 2.7
(kg/vehicle)
Reduction of Wrapping Materials on Bumpers for U.S. Market
At Subaru of America, Inc., non-colored bumpers imported from Japan are re-wrapped for protection during transport within
the U.S. In FYE March 2021, we launched an initiative to remove the need for re-wrapping in the U.S. by applying high-
strength wrapping material with high shape stability before export from Japan. This initiative targets high-demand parts and
thereby also promotes transport efficiency. In FYE March 2022, rollout to 60% of all parts was completed. The company will
progress with the initiative to contribute to reducing the amount of plastic material used in wrapping.
Promoting Environmentally Friendly Packaging Materials
The company’s Parts Logistics Center is progressing with environmentally friendly initiatives on packaging materials and
began exploring a range of measures in FYE March 2022, namely switching from cardboard to paper packaging for improved
transport efficiency, use of packaging materials with 10% content of biomass plastic material, and switching from resin to
cardboard pallets.
Sales
Zero Emissions of Waste from SUBARU Dealers in Japan
Dealers in Japan are committed to the proper management of waste generated from their business activities and to recycling
to achieve zero emissions in Japan. In FYE March 2022, these initiatives resulted in the collection of 24,218 used bumpers,
143,311 lead batteries (containing 1,921 tons of lead material), 5,312 kL of oil, and 145,742 tires.
Zero emission initiatives led by dealers, which work most closely with customers, are activities that will contribute more
directly to environmental conservation in local communities. The initiatives are expected to help promote proper processing,
recycling, and the effective use of resources.
77
[TABLE] 2018 | 2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022
[TABLE] Amount reused
(t) | 699 | 776 | 1,020 | 661 | 786
[TABLE] Intensity
(kg/vehicle) | 2.0 | 2.1 | 2.8 | 2.4 | 2.7

[PAGE 78]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment Recycling of used bumpers Recycling of Waste Oil Waste oil generated at SUBARU dealers in Japan during oil changes is recycled as recycled fuel oil through SUBARU’s zero waste emissions scheme. Flower farmers in Yamagata Prefecture grow beautiful poinsettia and cyclamen every year using this recycled fuel oil to heat their greenhouses. Proper Processing of End-of-life Vehicles Based on Act on Recycling, etc. of End-of-Life Vehicles Act on Recycling, etc. of End-of-Life Vehicles Under the Act on Recycling, etc. of End-of-Life Vehicles of Japan, car manufacturers are required to fully recover and properly recycle automotive shredder residue (ASR), airbags, and chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs) from their end-of-life vehicles. SUBARU has been promoting the smooth, proper, and efficient recycling of ASR by establishing, together with 12 other automakers and other companies, the Automobile shredder residue Recycling Promotion Team (ART). We also ensure proper processing of airbags and CFCs through operations of Japan Auto Recycling Partnership Ltd., established jointly with Japanese automakers and importers. *3 A team to promote the recycling of ASR, organized by 13 automobile manufacturers in December 2003. The team plans the smooth, proper, and efficient recycling of ASR, a waste product that is classified as one of the Parts Specified for Recycling as defined by the Act on Recycling, etc. of End-of-Life Vehicles and required to be recycled under the law. Proper Processing of End-of-life Vehicles SUBARU is participating and collaborating actively in the building of an automotive recycling system to reduce the environmental impact of end-of-life vehicles. SUBARU is also focusing on promoting the development of easy-to-recycle vehicles, and collaborates with its dealers nationwide by jointly operating an automotive recycling system aimed at promoting the proper processing and raising the recycling rate of ASR, airbags, and CFCs. In FYE March 2022, the ASR recycling rate was 96.6%, achieving the legal target of 70% for FYE March 2016 and thereafter. The airbag recycling rate was 95.4%, exceeding the legal target of 85%, and all CFCs recovered were processed properly. Detailed information on the level of progress with these recycling initiatives and SUBARU’s other activities based on the Act on Recycling, etc. of End-of-Life Vehicles is disclosed separately on the web page indicated below. About the Act on Recycling, etc. of End-of-Life Vehicles ( Japanese version only) Automobile shredder residue Recycling Promotion Team (ART) ( Japanese version only) *3 78 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of
Recycling of used bumpers | fices
[TABLE] Recycling of Waste Oil
Waste oil generated at SUBARU dealers in Japan during oil changes is recycled as recycled fuel oil through SUBARU’s zero
waste emissions scheme. Flower farmers in Yamagata Prefecture grow beautiful poinsettia and cyclamen every year using this
recycled fuel oil to heat their greenhouses.
Proper Processing of End-of-life Vehicles Based on Act on Recycling, etc. of End-of-Life Vehicles
Act on Recycling, etc. of End-of-Life Vehicles
Under the Act on Recycling, etc. of End-of-Life Vehicles of Japan, car manufacturers are required to fully recover and properly
recycle automotive shredder residue (ASR), airbags, and chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs) from their end-of-life vehicles.
SUBARU has been promoting the smooth, proper, and efficient recycling of ASR by establishing, together with 12 other
automakers and other companies, the Automobile shredder residue Recycling Promotion Team (ART).*3 We also ensure proper
processing of airbags and CFCs through operations of Japan Auto Recycling Partnership Ltd., established jointly with Japanese
automakers and importers.
*3 A team to promote the recycling of ASR, organized by 13 automobile manufacturers in December 2003. The team plans the smooth,
proper, and efficient recycling of ASR, a waste product that is classified as one of the Parts Specified for Recycling as defined by the Act
on Recycling, etc. of End-of-Life Vehicles and required to be recycled under the law.
Proper Processing of End-of-life Vehicles
SUBARU is participating and collaborating actively in the building of an automotive recycling system to reduce the
environmental impact of end-of-life vehicles. SUBARU is also focusing on promoting the development of easy-to-recycle
vehicles, and collaborates with its dealers nationwide by jointly operating an automotive recycling system aimed at
promoting the proper processing and raising the recycling rate of ASR, airbags, and CFCs.
In FYE March 2022, the ASR recycling rate was 96.6%, achieving the legal target of 70% for FYE March 2016 and thereafter. The
airbag recycling rate was 95.4%, exceeding the legal target of 85%, and all CFCs recovered were processed properly.
Detailed information on the level of progress with these recycling initiatives and SUBARU’s other activities based on the Act
on Recycling, etc. of End-of-Life Vehicles is disclosed separately on the web page indicated below.
About the Act on Recycling, etc. of End-of-Life Vehicles (Japanese version only)
Automobile shredder residue Recycling Promotion Team (ART) (Japanese version only)
78

[PAGE 79]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment Since 2018, Subaru of America, Inc. has partnered with U.S. recycling firm TerraCycle® to enable recycling in products where it is normally difficult, such as park benches and vases. The program is part of the SUBARU Loves the Earth” initiative aimed at improving waste recycling rates. Under the TerraCycle® Zero Waste BoxTM program, which promotes the recycling of a wide range of waste products, TerraCycle® Zero Waste BoxesTM have been distributed to SUBARU dealers in the U.S. to collect recyclables. Customers, employees, and community partner organizations are encouraged to deposit snack packages, used paper cups, and plastic containers. In FYE March 2022, the program also began the recycling of personal protective equipment (PPE) such as face masks through Zero Waste BoxesTM, and since the launch of this initiative a cumulative total of more than 6 million items of waste have been diverted from landfill sites. Zero Waste BoxTM program Overseas Initiatives Use of Rebuilt Items Toward realizing a recycling-oriented society, the SUBARU Group in the U.S. is promoting a way to reduce the environmental impact of replacing engines, transmissions, and other large parts that also eases the cost burden on customers. This is the use of rebuilt items, made by salvaging reusable parts. *4 Repair parts such as engines, etc., for which consumable parts are replaced and usable parts are reused in accordance with inspection standards. Distribution Centers Subaru of America, Inc.’s regional distribution centers use returnable containers to reduce the amount of cardboard and wood used when transporting parts. Distribution centers in New Jersey and neighboring areas achieved 100% use of returnable packaging materials in 2021. Collaboration with TerraCycle® (Subaru of America, Inc.) Zero Landfill Waste Joint Initiative in U.S. National Parks (Subaru of America, Inc.) Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. (SIA), SUBARU’s production base in the U.S., has achieved and maintains zero landfill waste status. Subaru of America, Inc. has been leveraging SIA’s expertise to advance a joint initiative with suppliers, the National Parks Conservation Association, the National Park Service, and others since 2015 to reduce landfill waste generated from three national parks: Yosemite National Park (California), Denali National Park and Preserve (Alaska), and Grand Teton National Park (Wyoming). Subaru of America, Inc. received the Silver Halo Award and the Corporate Stewardship Award in 2020 in recognition of zero landfill initiatives in national parks. In FYE March 2022, these activities achieved environmental impact reductions that included the reuse of more than 90,000 pounds of food waste from the Yosemite National Park, the *4 Automobile Recycling Process 79 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of
Automobile Recycling Process | fices
[TABLE] Overseas Initiatives
Use of Rebuilt Items
Toward realizing a recycling-oriented society, the SUBARU Group in the U.S. is promoting a way to reduce the environmental
impact of replacing engines, transmissions, and other large parts that also eases the cost burden on customers. This is the
use of rebuilt items,*4 made by salvaging reusable parts.
*4 Repair parts such as engines, etc., for which consumable parts are replaced and usable parts are reused in accordance with inspection
standards.
Distribution Centers
Subaru of America, Inc.’s regional distribution centers use returnable containers to reduce the amount of cardboard and
wood used when transporting parts. Distribution centers in New Jersey and neighboring areas achieved 100% use of
returnable packaging materials in 2021.
Collaboration with TerraCycle®
(Subaru of America, Inc.)
Since 2018, Subaru of America, Inc. has partnered with U.S.
recycling firm TerraCycle® to enable recycling in products where
it is normally difficult, such as park benches and vases. The
program is part of the SUBARU Loves the Earth” initiative aimed
at improving waste recycling rates.
Under the TerraCycle® Zero Waste Box™ program, which
promotes the recycling of a wide range of waste products, Zero Waste Box™ program
TerraCycle® Zero Waste Boxes™ have been distributed to SUBARU
dealers in the U.S. to collect recyclables. Customers, employees,
and community partner organizations are encouraged to deposit
snack packages, used paper cups, and plastic containers.
In FYE March 2022, the program also began the recycling of
personal protective equipment (PPE) such as face masks through
Zero Waste Boxes™, and since the launch of this initiative a
cumulative total of more than 6 million items of waste have been
diverted from landfill sites.
Zero Landfill Waste Joint Initiative in U.S. National Parks
(Subaru of America, Inc.)
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. (SIA), SUBARU’s production base in the U.S., has achieved and maintains zero landfill
waste status. Subaru of America, Inc. has been leveraging SIA’s expertise to advance a joint initiative with suppliers, the
National Parks Conservation Association, the National Park Service, and others since 2015 to reduce landfill waste generated
from three national parks: Yosemite National Park (California), Denali National Park and Preserve (Alaska), and Grand Teton
National Park (Wyoming). Subaru of America, Inc. received the Silver Halo Award and the Corporate Stewardship Award in
2020 in recognition of zero landfill initiatives in national parks. In FYE March 2022, these activities achieved environmental
impact reductions that included the reuse of more than 90,000 pounds of food waste from the Yosemite National Park, the
79

[PAGE 80]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment Since 2020, Subaru of America, Inc. has operated a partnership with Philadelphia Union, a team participating in Major League Soccer in the U.S. The team’s stadium, named Subaru Park, has set the target of becoming the first in Major League Soccer to achieve zero landfill waste. It plans to meet the target in 2022 to coincide with its reopening after a makeover. In one of the related sustainability initiatives, more than 70 volunteers participated in the Subaru Park Garden for Good organic cultivation program at the stadium in Chester, Pennsylvania. In 2021, the program donated around 2,000 pounds of fruit and vegetables, equivalent to 8,000 servings, to local foodbanks. Subaru Park Zero Landfill saving of a year’s worth of landfill space through cardboard recycling at the Denali National Park and Preserve, and a saving of more than 132,000 gallons of water at the Grand Teton National Park. On another positive note, we became the official vehicle sponsor of 2021 garbage cleanup events in green spaces and parks. These events are co-sponsored by the Yosemite Climbing Association and The North Face®. In 2021, the U.S. subsidiary participated in three further initiatives in partnership with the National Park Foundation: Outdoor Exploration, Parks of the Future, and Resilience and Sustainability. Subaru Park Zero Landfill (Subaru of America, Inc.) Cafeteria Waste Reduction (Subaru of America, Inc.) Subaru of America, Inc. is engaged in initiatives to minimize the cost and environmental impact of food waste by reducing the amount of food waste generated and operating collection and recycling programs. This program has recycled more than 100,000 pounds of food waste and cut CO emissions by around 25,000 tons. Employees Education about Waste Separation (Subaru of China Ltd.) In October 2021, Subaru of China, Ltd.’s labor union facilitated a donation program to collect unused clothing and send it to people living in economically disadvantaged regions. A total of 674 items were collected. Subaru of Mississauga (SOMI) Towards Zero Landfill (Subaru Canada, Inc.) Subaru Canada, Inc. is engaged in an initiative aimed at zero landfill in collaboration with local business U-PAK DISPOSALS. Between January 1, 2021 and March 31, 2022, 35,000 tons of waste destined for landfill treatment was instead collected and recycled. 2 80 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of
saving of a year’s worth of landfill space through cardboard recycling at the Denali National Park and Preserve, and a saving | fices
[TABLE] of more than 132,000 gallons of water at the Grand Teton National Park.
On another positive note, we became the official vehicle sponsor of 2021 garbage cleanup events in green spaces and parks.
These events are co-sponsored by the Yosemite Climbing Association and The North Face®.
In 2021, the U.S. subsidiary participated in three further initiatives in partnership with the National Park Foundation: Outdoor
Exploration, Parks of the Future, and Resilience and Sustainability.
Subaru Park Zero Landfill (Subaru of America, Inc.)
Since 2020, Subaru of America, Inc. has operated a partnership with Philadelphia Union, a
team participating in Major League Soccer in the U.S. The team’s stadium, named Subaru
Park, has set the target of becoming the first in Major League Soccer to achieve zero
landfill waste. It plans to meet the target in 2022 to coincide with its reopening after a
makeover. In one of the related sustainability initiatives, more than 70 volunteers
participated in the Subaru Park Garden for Good organic cultivation program at the
stadium in Chester, Pennsylvania. In 2021, the program donated around 2,000 pounds of
fruit and vegetables, equivalent to 8,000 servings, to local foodbanks. Subaru Park Zero Landfill
Cafeteria Waste Reduction
(Subaru of America, Inc.)
Subaru of America, Inc. is engaged in initiatives to minimize the cost and environmental impact of food waste by reducing the
amount of food waste generated and operating collection and recycling programs. This program has recycled more than
100,000 pounds of food waste and cut CO2 emissions by around 25,000 tons.
Employees Education about Waste Separation
(Subaru of China Ltd.)
In October 2021, Subaru of China, Ltd.’s labor union facilitated a donation program to collect unused clothing and send it to
people living in economically disadvantaged regions. A total of 674 items were collected.
Subaru of Mississauga (SOMI) Towards Zero Landfill (Subaru Canada, Inc.)
Subaru Canada, Inc. is engaged in an initiative aimed at zero landfill in collaboration with local business U-PAK DISPOSALS.
Between January 1, 2021 and March 31, 2022, 35,000 tons of waste destined for landfill treatment was instead collected and
recycled.
80 | of more than 132,000 gallons of water at the Grand Teton National Park.
On another positive note, we became the official vehicle sponsor of 2021 garbage cleanup events in green spaces and parks.
These events are co-sponsored by the Yosemite Climbing Association and The North Face®.
In 2021, the U.S. subsidiary participated in three further initiatives in partnership with the National Park Foundation: Outdoor
Exploration, Parks of the Future, and Resilience and Sustainability.
Subaru Park Zero Landfill (Subaru of America, Inc.)
Since 2020, Subaru of America, Inc. has operated a partnership with Philadelphia Union, a
team participating in Major League Soccer in the U.S. The team’s stadium, named Subaru
Park, has set the target of becoming the first in Major League Soccer to achieve zero
landfill waste. It plans to meet the target in 2022 to coincide with its reopening after a
makeover. In one of the related sustainability initiatives, more than 70 volunteers
participated in the Subaru Park Garden for Good organic cultivation program at the
stadium in Chester, Pennsylvania. In 2021, the program donated around 2,000 pounds of
fruit and vegetables, equivalent to 8,000 servings, to local foodbanks. Subaru Park Zero Landfill
Cafeteria Waste Reduction
(Subaru of America, Inc.)
Subaru of America, Inc. is engaged in initiatives to minimize the cost and environmental impact of food waste by reducing the
amount of food waste generated and operating collection and recycling programs. This program has recycled more than
100,000 pounds of food waste and cut CO2 emissions by around 25,000 tons.
Employees Education about Waste Separation
(Subaru of China Ltd.)
In October 2021, Subaru of China, Ltd.’s labor union facilitated a donation program to collect unused clothing and send it to
people living in economically disadvantaged regions. A total of 674 items were collected.
Subaru of Mississauga (SOMI) Towards Zero Landfill (Subaru Canada, Inc.)
Subaru Canada, Inc. is engaged in an initiative aimed at zero landfill in collaboration with local business U-PAK DISPOSALS.
Between January 1, 2021 and March 31, 2022, 35,000 tons of waste destined for landfill treatment was instead collected and
recycled.

[PAGE 81]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environment Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Our Approach Water is an indispensable resource for the SUBARU Group’s business activities. The risk of droughts, floods, and other disasters is increasing, however, due to climate change, while global population growth and economic development are increasing demand for water and raising the risk of water shortages and pollution. To help alleviate these risks, the SUBARU Group is committed to the proper management of water consumption, as well as to minimizing the environmental impact of its discharged water. We are also actively engaging in activities to conserve forests that have a water storage function. Water Management The Production & Environment Subcommittee manages the SUBARU Group’s water usage at each site, and both the total amount and amount used per unit of sales are maintained at a constant level. The share of each water source in the total freshwater consumption at major locations of the SUBARU Group is as follows: industrial water 50%, tap water 40%, and groundwater 10%. As we are well aware of the risks involved in using the valuable resource of fresh water, we carefully monitor water consumption by conducting water risk assessments at major locations. Although the current assessment results show that the water risk is not high, we will continue to regularly assess our water risk levels and work to reduce water consumption in order to ensure a continuous water supply. Water Risk Assessment The SUBARU Group uses a third-party expert to implement water risk assessments to ensure the sustainable use of water. These assessments estimate, among other things, the water supply and demand risk in the river basins in which the production bases are located, the probability of water-related disasters occurring, and the impact on public health and ecosystems on a five-point scale. These assessments showed that water risk at the Gunma Plant, Utsunomiya Plant, and Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. is generally evaluated as moderate or lower. Gunma Plant and Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. According to an assessment in FYE March 2017, the water supply and demand risk at the Gunma Plant and Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc., both of which are automobile manufacturing bases, is moderate. It is expected that the current risk level will be maintained for the medium to long term, even when the impact of climate change is taken into account. No biodiversity conservation areas are identified at the lower reaches of the rivers. The vulnerability to water pollution is low. Utsunomiya Plant According to an assessment in FYE March 2018, the water supply and demand risk at the Utsunomiya Plant, which is our base for aerospace manufacturing, is moderate. This risk level is expected to drop in the future as an increase in the river flow rate and decrease in water demand are likely to take place. The plant is not located in an area at high risk of flood inundation or landslides. No biodiversity conservation areas or habitats for rare aquatic life are identified in the areas within 10 km downstream from the site. Going forward, we will continue to accurately monitor our water risk based on the assessments, ensure optimum water consumption in relation to local water demand, and help conserve the environment along the river. * Reference databases WRI Aqueduct water risk atlas, WWF-DEG Water Risk Filter, PREVIEW Global Risk Data Platform, Climate Change Knowledge Portal, Integrated Biodiversity Assessment Tool, National Land Numerical Information: Possible Inundation Area Data and Sediment Disaster Hazard Area Data (Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism), NCD-VfU-GIZ Water Scarcity Valuation Tool (Version 1.0), Costing Nature/Water World, (Only for Gunma Plant and Utsunomiya Plant) Water Resources * 81 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Environmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmental
Biodiversity
[TABLE] Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Water Resources
[TABLE] Water Resources
[TABLE] Our Approach
Water is an indispensable resource for the SUBARU Group’s business activities. The risk of droughts, floods, and other
disasters is increasing, however, due to climate change, while global population growth and economic development are
increasing demand for water and raising the risk of water shortages and pollution.
To help alleviate these risks, the SUBARU Group is committed to the proper management of water consumption, as well as to
minimizing the environmental impact of its discharged water. We are also actively engaging in activities to conserve forests
that have a water storage function.
[TABLE] Water Management
The Production & Environment Subcommittee manages the SUBARU Group’s water usage at each site, and both the total
amount and amount used per unit of sales are maintained at a constant level.
The share of each water source in the total freshwater consumption at major locations of the SUBARU Group is as follows:
industrial water 50%, tap water 40%, and groundwater 10%. As we are well aware of the risks involved in using the valuable
resource of fresh water, we carefully monitor water consumption by conducting water risk assessments at major locations.
Although the current assessment results show that the water risk is not high, we will continue to regularly assess our water
risk levels and work to reduce water consumption in order to ensure a continuous water supply.
Water Risk Assessment
The SUBARU Group uses a third-party expert to implement water risk assessments* to ensure the sustainable use of water.
These assessments estimate, among other things, the water supply and demand risk in the river basins in which the
production bases are located, the probability of water-related disasters occurring, and the impact on public health and
ecosystems on a five-point scale. These assessments showed that water risk at the Gunma Plant, Utsunomiya Plant, and
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. is generally evaluated as moderate or lower.
Gunma Plant and Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
According to an assessment in FYE March 2017, the water supply and demand risk at the Gunma Plant and Subaru of Indiana
Automotive, Inc., both of which are automobile manufacturing bases, is moderate. It is expected that the current risk level
will be maintained for the medium to long term, even when the impact of climate change is taken into account. No
biodiversity conservation areas are identified at the lower reaches of the rivers. The vulnerability to water pollution is low.
Utsunomiya Plant
According to an assessment in FYE March 2018, the water supply and demand risk at the Utsunomiya Plant, which is our base
for aerospace manufacturing, is moderate. This risk level is expected to drop in the future as an increase in the river flow
rate and decrease in water demand are likely to take place. The plant is not located in an area at high risk of flood inundation
or landslides. No biodiversity conservation areas or habitats for rare aquatic life are identified in the areas within 10 km
downstream from the site. Going forward, we will continue to accurately monitor our water risk based on the assessments,
ensure optimum water consumption in relation to local water demand, and help conserve the environment along the river.
*Reference databases WRI Aqueduct water risk atlas, WWF-DEG Water Risk Filter, PREVIEW Global Risk Data Platform, Climate Change
Knowledge Portal, Integrated Biodiversity Assessment Tool, National Land Numerical Information: Possible
Inundation Area Data and Sediment Disaster Hazard Area Data (Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and
Tourism), NCD-VfU-GIZ Water Scarcity Valuation Tool (Version 1.0), Costing Nature/Water World, (Only for Gunma
Plant and Utsunomiya Plant)
81

[PAGE 82]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environment Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices A c h i ev e me n t s a n d In i ti a t i v e s Water Consumption The total amount used is monitored and compiled for each location, and reported and verified at biannual meetings. Necessary measures are then taken as appropriate. Water Consumption Scope: SUBARU:Gunma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant, Handa Plant, Handa West Plant Group companies in Japan:Yusoki Kogyo K.K., Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd., Ichitan Co., Ltd., Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd., Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd. Overseas Group companies:Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc., Subaru of America, Inc., Subaru Canada, Inc., Subaru Research & Development, Inc. FYE March 2022 Breakdown of Water Consumption by Water Source at Major Production Bases (1,000 m ) Region Tap Water Industrial Water Groundwater Source of Water Intake Japan 217 1,400 235 Tone River, Watarase River North America 767 0 0 Groundwater from the Teays Valley aquifer Total 985 1,400 235 Scope: Japan:Gunma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant, Handa Plant, Handa West Plant, Yusoki Kogyo K.K., Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd., Ichitan Co., Ltd., Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd. North America:Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. Water Reuse 3 Utsunomi ya Plant The Ut sunomi ya P l an t has i n t roduced a sur f ace t rea tmen t f ac i l i t y equ i pped wi t h an i on - exchange wa t e r rec y c l i ng s y s t em t ha t conve r t s was t ewa t e r i n t o pure wa t e r. I n FYE Ma rch 2022 , 23 , 669 m3 ( 30%) o f t he t o t a l o f 78 , 656 m3 o f wa t e r used i n t he sur f ace t rea tmen t f ac i l i t y was rec y c l ed and u t i l i zed a t t he p l an t as wash i ng wa t e r f or t he f ac i l i t y. 82 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of
Achievements and Initiatives | fices
[TABLE] Water Consumption
The total amount used is monitored and compiled for each location, and reported and verified at biannual meetings.
Necessary measures are then taken as appropriate.
Water Consumption
Scope:
SUBARU:Gunma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant, Handa Plant, Handa West Plant
Group companies in Japan:Yusoki Kogyo K.K., Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd., Ichitan Co., Ltd., Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd., Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd.
Overseas Group companies:Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc., Subaru of America, Inc., Subaru Canada, Inc., Subaru Research & Development,
Inc.
FYE March 2022 Breakdown of Water Consumption by Water Source at Major Production Bases (1,000 m3)
Region Tap Water Industrial Water Groundwater Source of Water Intake
Tone River, Watarase
Japan 217 1,400 235
River
Groundwater from the
North America 767 0 0
Teays Valley aquifer
Total 985 1,400 235
Scope:
Japan:Gunma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant, Handa Plant, Handa West Plant, Yusoki Kogyo K.K., Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd., Ichitan Co.,
Ltd., Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd.
North America:Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
Water Reuse
Utsunomi(cid:32)ya Plant
The Ut(cid:32)sunomi(cid:32)ya P(cid:32)l(cid:32)an(cid:32)t has i(cid:32)n(cid:32)t(cid:32)roduced a sur(cid:32)f(cid:32)ace t(cid:32)rea(cid:32)tmen(cid:32)t f(cid:32)ac(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)y equ(cid:32)i(cid:32)pped wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h an i(cid:32)on(cid:32)-(cid:32)exchange wa(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)r rec(cid:32)y(cid:32)c(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng s(cid:32)y(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)em t(cid:32)ha(cid:32)t(cid:32)
conve(cid:32)r(cid:32)t(cid:32)s was(cid:32)t(cid:32)ewa(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)r i(cid:32)n(cid:32)t(cid:32)o pure wa(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)r. I(cid:32)n FYE Ma(cid:32)rch 2022(cid:32), 23(cid:32),(cid:32)669 m3 ((cid:32)30%) o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he t(cid:32)o(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)l o(cid:32)f 78(cid:32),(cid:32)656 m3 o(cid:32)f wa(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)r used i(cid:32)n t(cid:32)he(cid:32)
sur(cid:32)f(cid:32)ace t(cid:32)rea(cid:32)tmen(cid:32)t f(cid:32)ac(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)y was rec(cid:32)y(cid:32)c(cid:32)l(cid:32)ed and u(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)zed a(cid:32)t t(cid:32)he p(cid:32)l(cid:32)an(cid:32)t as wash(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng wa(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)r f(cid:32)or t(cid:32)he f(cid:32)ac(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)y.
82
[TABLE] Region | Tap Water | Industrial Water | Groundwater | Source of Water Intake
[TABLE] Japan | 217 | 1,400 | 235 | Tone River, Watarase
River
[TABLE] North America | 767 | 0 | 0 | Groundwater from the
Teays Valley aquifer
[TABLE] Total | 985 | 1,400 | 235

[PAGE 83]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environment Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. added filters to its water tanks equipped with electrodeposition apparatus that are used to clean the car body prior to the painting process. Water is also reused. Water Discharge Gunma Plant The wastewater from the Yajima Plant passes down the Ikoi River and into the Tone River. The water of the Tone River is used to irrigate fields and for fish farming. Households downstream also use the water. We treat wastewater from the Gunma Plant appropriately with the awareness that it touches the lives of many people. In addition, we keep crucian carp and koi carp in the oil-water separation tanks at the Yajima Plant, and release them after confirming that the water quality can sustain fish. Utsunomiya Plant In the Utsunomiya area, after treating wastewater from surface treatment processes we discharge it into the sewer system, and discharge rainwater and cooling water into the river after checking its quality in the final water quality monitoring tank. In addition, we dispose of wastewater from the painting process in the Handa area as industrial waste, and treat domestic wastewater in septic tanks prior to discharging it into Kinuura Port and the Agui River. Utsunomiya Area Wastewater Treatment Process Representati ve Surface Treatment Was tewater Processing and Recycling 83 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of
Representati(cid:32)ve Surface Treatment Was(cid:32)tewater Processing and Recycling | fices
[TABLE] Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. added filters to its water tanks equipped with electrodeposition apparatus that are used
to clean the car body prior to the painting process. Water is also reused.
Water Discharge
Gunma Plant
The wastewater from the Yajima Plant passes down the Ikoi River and into the Tone River. The water of the Tone River is used
to irrigate fields and for fish farming. Households downstream also use the water. We treat wastewater from the Gunma Plant
appropriately with the awareness that it touches the lives of many people. In addition, we keep crucian carp and koi carp in
the oil-water separation tanks at the Yajima Plant, and release them after confirming that the water quality can sustain fish.
Utsunomiya Plant
In the Utsunomiya area, after treating wastewater from surface treatment processes we discharge it into the sewer system,
and discharge rainwater and cooling water into the river after checking its quality in the final water quality monitoring tank.
In addition, we dispose of wastewater from the painting process in the Handa area as industrial waste, and treat domestic
wastewater in septic tanks prior to discharging it into Kinuura Port and the Agui River.
Utsunomiya Area Wastewater Treatment Process
83

[PAGE 84]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environment Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Our Approach With the automotive and aerospace businesses as the pillars of SUBARU’s operations, our fields of business are the earth, the sky and nature. We promote biodiversity preservation through our business activities, aiming to achieve coexistence with nature. We support the Declaration of Biodiversity by Keidanren ( Japan Business Federation) and participate in the Japan Business and Biodiversity Partnership. We also ensure ongoing, biodiversity-friendly business activities through the SUBARU Guidelines on Biodiversity, while also committing ourselves to the SUBARU Forest Project for biodiversity conservation and organizing various events in and outside our business locations aimed at raising people’s awareness of biodiversity. In FYE March 2022, we established the Biodiversity Working Group. SUBARU will continue to drive biodiversity-related initiatives through the working group’s activity. Guidelines on Biodiversity The SUBARU Group instituted the SUBARU Guidelines on Biodiversity in April 2019, which serve as the basis for its approach to biodiversity. The guidelines were formulated with reference to the government’s Guidelines for Private Sector Engagement in Biodiversity (Ministry of the Environment) and the Declaration of Biodiversity by Keidanren: Guide to Action Policy, as well as by taking into account international trends in biodiversity management. They are consistent with the Six Priority Areas for CSR and the SUBARU Environmental Policies and are designed to ensure that their effectiveness and continuity can be guaranteed. SUBARU Guidelines on Biodiversity Our society is supported by biodiversity, which is the source of various blessings from nature. On the other hand, “biodiversity” is rapidly being lost on a global scale. We promote biodiversity preservation through our business activities and contribute to the environmental protection of our planet while aiming to coexist with the earth, the sky and nature. 1. We grasp the impact of business activities on biodiversity and reduce their impact. We also promote initiatives leading to further recovery. 2. We strive to raise awareness of biodiversity. 3. We respect international rules concerning biodiversity. 4. We cooperate with stakeholders and strive for preservation of biodiversity. 5. We proactively disclose information on activities regarding biodiversity. Established in April 2019 M a nagement System In FYE March 2022, we established the Biodiversity Working Group as a body to drive biodiversity initiatives subordinate to the Production & Environment Subcommittee. Its role is to regularly update on the goals and issues of SUBARU’s biodiversity activities, provide survey findings to support the formulation of plans, and undertake other information-sharing activities. Under the control of the Biodiversity Working Group, we have set up four further site subgroups at the Gunma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant, and Head Office. Their role is to inform on initiatives at their respective sites, liaise on biodiversity- related matters with the Purchasing Committee, Social Contribution Committee, and other bodies, and formulate a roadmap for biodiversity initiatives. As with other working groups, the Biodiversity Working Group reports regularly on its initiatives to the Environment Committee, which undertakes overall management of the progress and direction of the initiatives. Biodiversity 84 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Environmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmental
Biodiversity
[TABLE] Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Biodiversity
[TABLE] Biodiversity
[TABLE] Our Approach
With the automotive and aerospace businesses as the pillars of SUBARU’s operations, our fields of business are the earth, the
sky and nature. We promote biodiversity preservation through our business activities, aiming to achieve coexistence with
nature.
We support the Declaration of Biodiversity by Keidanren (Japan Business Federation) and participate in the Japan Business
and Biodiversity Partnership. We also ensure ongoing, biodiversity-friendly business activities through the SUBARU
Guidelines on Biodiversity, while also committing ourselves to the SUBARU Forest Project for biodiversity conservation and
organizing various events in and outside our business locations aimed at raising people’s awareness of biodiversity.
In FYE March 2022, we established the Biodiversity Working Group. SUBARU will continue to drive biodiversity-related
initiatives through the working group’s activity.
Guidelines on Biodiversity
The SUBARU Group instituted the SUBARU Guidelines on Biodiversity in April 2019, which serve as the basis for its approach
to biodiversity. The guidelines were formulated with reference to the government’s Guidelines for Private Sector Engagement
in Biodiversity (Ministry of the Environment) and the Declaration of Biodiversity by Keidanren: Guide to Action Policy, as well
as by taking into account international trends in biodiversity management. They are consistent with the Six Priority Areas for
CSR and the SUBARU Environmental Policies and are designed to ensure that their effectiveness and continuity can be
guaranteed.
SUBARU Guidelines on Biodiversity
Our society is supported by biodiversity, which is the source of various blessings from nature.
On the other hand, “biodiversity” is rapidly being lost on a global scale.
We promote biodiversity preservation through our business activities and contribute to the environmental protection
of our planet while aiming to coexist with the earth, the sky and nature.
1. We grasp the impact of business activities on biodiversity and reduce their impact. We also promote initiatives
leading to further recovery.
2. We strive to raise awareness of biodiversity.
3. We respect international rules concerning biodiversity.
4. We cooperate with stakeholders and strive for preservation of biodiversity.
5. We proactively disclose information on activities regarding biodiversity.
Established in April 2019
[TABLE] Management System
In FYE March 2022, we established the Biodiversity Working Group as a body to drive biodiversity initiatives subordinate to
the Production & Environment Subcommittee. Its role is to regularly update on the goals and issues of SUBARU’s biodiversity
activities, provide survey findings to support the formulation of plans, and undertake other information-sharing activities.
Under the control of the Biodiversity Working Group, we have set up four further site subgroups at the Gunma Plant, Tokyo
Office, Utsunomiya Plant, and Head Office. Their role is to inform on initiatives at their respective sites, liaise on biodiversity-
related matters with the Purchasing Committee, Social Contribution Committee, and other bodies, and formulate a roadmap
for biodiversity initiatives. As with other working groups, the Biodiversity Working Group reports regularly on its initiatives to
the Environment Committee, which undertakes overall management of the progress and direction of the initiatives.
84

[PAGE 85]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environment Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices In a forest of approximately 100 hectares located on the premises of SUBARU Test & Development Center Bifuka Proving Ground, SUBARU started forest management and conservation activities in FYE March 2018, including tree-planting, thinning, and nature conservation. We aim to carry out these activities in collaboration with local communities such as Bifuka Town with a long-term plan to create a forest through artificial afforestation in 50 years. Furthermore, we purchased J-Credit in FYE March 2022 as a measure against climate change. Wood from thinning during forest maintenance projects at SUBARU Forest Bifuka is used as biomass fuel. Meanwhile, wild animals such as Ezo red foxes and brown bears that live in the surrounding area have been spotted on the premises, and we are considering measures aimed at coexistence with these animals in cooperation with local governments. SUBARU Test & Development Center Bifuka Proving Ground and its surrounding forests Ezo red foxes have been spotted on the premises A tree spirit ceremony and a tree-planting ceremony, which had been organized by Bifuka Town annually, were held in May 2022. A total of about 70 administrative staff people from local forestry associations attended. Although the event was scaled back to prevent the spread of COVID-19, the participants planted 240 Mongolian oak fir trees, a variety chosen for its biodiversity-friendliness, on the 0.7-hectare site in the hope of passing on healthy and abundant forests to the next generation. These Mongolian oak trees will be ready for felling in around 750 years’ time. About 70 people participated in the tree planting SUBARU, Bifuka Town, and the Hokkaido Government Kamikawa General Subprefectural Bureau signed an agreement to promote conservation of the forest environment in Bifuka Town in 2019. SUBARU has been utilizing the corporate version of a hometown tax donation program—the government’s tax incentive scheme to encourage companies to support regional revitalization—to donate three million yen to the Hokkaido government’s Matsuyama Marsh Forest Project over three years starting from FYE March 2020. The donations are used, among others, for A beautiful Matsuyama Marsh landscape A renewed signpost SUBARU’s Biodiversity Management Organization I n i t i a t i ve s SUBARU Forest Project Since FYE March 2018, SUBARU has been working on the SUBARU Forest Project, an initiative that is directly linked to biodiversity conservation and embodies the idea of coexistence with nature included in the SUBARU Environmental Policies. SUBARU Forest Bifuka in Hokkaido Sponsorship of a tree-planting ceremony at Bifuka Town Donations to fund environmental conservation activities at Matsuyama Marsh * 85 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of
SUBARU’s Biodiversity Management Organization | fices
[TABLE] Initiatives
SUBARU Forest Project
Since FYE March 2018, SUBARU has been working on the SUBARU Forest Project, an initiative that is directly linked to
biodiversity conservation and embodies the idea of coexistence with nature included in the SUBARU Environmental Policies.
SUBARU Forest Bifuka in Hokkaido
In a forest of approximately 100 hectares located on the
premises of SUBARU Test & Development Center Bifuka Proving
Ground, SUBARU started forest management and conservation
activities in FYE March 2018, including tree-planting, thinning,
and nature conservation. We aim to carry out these activities in
collaboration with local communities such as Bifuka Town with a
long-term plan to create a forest through artificial afforestation SUBARU Test & Development Ezo red foxes have been
in 50 years. Furthermore, we purchased J-Credit in FYE March Center Bifuka Proving Ground spotted on the premises
and its surrounding forests
2022 as a measure against climate change.
Wood from thinning during forest maintenance projects at
SUBARU Forest Bifuka is used as biomass fuel. Meanwhile, wild
animals such as Ezo red foxes and brown bears that live in the
surrounding area have been spotted on the premises, and we are
considering measures aimed at coexistence with these animals in
cooperation with local governments.
Sponsorship of a tree-planting ceremony at Bifuka Town
A tree spirit ceremony and a tree-planting ceremony, which had been organized by Bifuka
Town annually, were held in May 2022. A total of about 70 administrative staff people from
local forestry associations attended. Although the event was scaled back to prevent the
spread of COVID-19, the participants planted 240 Mongolian oak fir trees, a variety chosen
for its biodiversity-friendliness, on the 0.7-hectare site in the hope of passing on healthy
and abundant forests to the next generation. These Mongolian oak trees will be ready for
felling in around 750 years’ time.
About 70 people participated in the
tree planting
Donations to fund environmental conservation activities at Matsuyama Marsh
SUBARU, Bifuka Town, and the Hokkaido Government Kamikawa
General Subprefectural Bureau signed an agreement to promote
conservation of the forest environment in Bifuka Town in 2019.
SUBARU has been utilizing the corporate version of a hometown
tax donation program—the government’s tax incentive scheme to
A renewed signpost
encourage companies to support regional revitalization—to
donate three million yen to the Hokkaido government’s A beautiful Matsuyama Marsh
Matsuyama Marsh* Forest Project over three years starting from landscape
FYE March 2020. The donations are used, among others, for
85

[PAGE 86]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environment Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices boardwalk improvements in Matsuyama Marsh. The initial donation was made and used to replace the old signpost and maintain trails so that the trekking route is properly demarcated to preserve valuable vegetation and ensure safety of visitors. * Matsuyama Marsh (Bifuka Town): Japan’s northernmost high-altitude wetland situated 797 meters above sea level. As the marsh is home to around 200 distinctive plant species, including ferns and mosses, the Ministry of the Environment has selected it as one of Japan’s 500 most important wetlands. Utsunomiya City, Tochigi Prefecture, is where our aerospace business is located. We support the conservation and management of part of a city-owned forest named “SUBARU Forest Utsunomiya” in collaboration with the city. We support thinning and the use of thinned wood for benches and bike racks. A bench made of thinned wood A bike rack made of thinned wood The Saitama Logistics Center in Kitamoto City has been nurturing and taking care of cherry trees growing on the site since they were received from the city in 2003. The trees are descendants of the Ishito Kabazakura cherry tree, estimated to be 800 years old, at Tokoji Temple in the city. Ishito Kabazakura was designated as a natural monument of Japan in 1922 and is classified as one of Japan’s five great cherry trees. A cherry tree at Saitama Logistics Center Located in Musashino City, the Tokyo Office has been planting bamboo-leaf oak, East Asian beautyberry, and other species native to the area within the office’s premises to enhance the landscape and biodiversity. We also participate in activities to protect the natural features of the region and share opinions with industry, government, academia, and the private sector. Bamboo-leaf oak East Asian beautyberry SUBARU Friendship Forest Akagi (Gunma Prefectural Forest Park) In April 2018, SUBARU obtained the naming rights to a prefectural forest park in Gunma Prefecture, where its automotive plants are located. The park’s name, “SUBARU Friendship Forest Akagi,” will be used for the five years through 2023. Donations in FYE March 2021 and FYE March 2022 are part of the 9.8 million yen we will donate over the five-year period to the prefectural government to support forest park conservation and management. SUBARU Forest Utsunomiya (Utsunomiya City Forest Park in Tochigi Prefecture) Social Contribution: SUBARU Forest Project Greenery Conservation and Creation Since the SUBARU Group’s business locations are closely linked to the neighboring natural environments and ecosystems, we make a variety of contributions to the conservation of biodiversity in each area. Saitama Logistics Center Tokyo Office Biodiversity Initiatives Based on Community Exchange With the aim of conducting biodiversity initiatives at each business site, we emphasize communication between SUBARU employees and the local communities and local governments, as they are our closest stakeholders. By participating in and organizing locally based events and by joining with members of the local community and local government in biodiversity initiatives, we want to work together to contribute to global environmental protection and achieve coexistence with nature. 86 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of
boardwalk improvements in Matsuyama Marsh. The initial | fices
[TABLE] donation was made and used to replace the old signpost and
maintain trails so that the trekking route is properly demarcated
to preserve valuable vegetation and ensure safety of visitors.
* Matsuyama Marsh (Bifuka Town): Japan’s northernmost high-altitude
wetland situated 797 meters above sea level. As the marsh is home to
around 200 distinctive plant species, including ferns and mosses, the
Ministry of the Environment has selected it as one of Japan’s 500 most
important wetlands.
SUBARU Friendship Forest Akagi (Gunma Prefectural Forest Park)
In April 2018, SUBARU obtained the naming rights to a prefectural forest park in Gunma Prefecture, where its automotive
plants are located. The park’s name, “SUBARU Friendship Forest Akagi,” will be used for the five years through 2023.
Donations in FYE March 2021 and FYE March 2022 are part of the 9.8 million yen we will donate over the five-year period to
the prefectural government to support forest park conservation and management.
SUBARU Forest Utsunomiya (Utsunomiya City Forest Park in Tochigi Prefecture)
Utsunomiya City, Tochigi Prefecture, is where our aerospace
business is located. We support the conservation and
management of part of a city-owned forest named “SUBARU
Forest Utsunomiya” in collaboration with the city. We support
thinning and the use of thinned wood for benches and bike
racks.
A bench made of thinned wood A bike rack made of thinned
wood
Social Contribution: SUBARU Forest Project
Greenery Conservation and Creation
Since the SUBARU Group’s business locations are closely linked to the neighboring natural environments and ecosystems, we
make a variety of contributions to the conservation of biodiversity in each area.
Saitama Logistics Center
The Saitama Logistics Center in Kitamoto City has been nurturing
and taking care of cherry trees growing on the site since they
were received from the city in 2003. The trees are descendants of
the Ishito Kabazakura cherry tree, estimated to be 800 years old,
at Tokoji Temple in the city. Ishito Kabazakura was designated as
a natural monument of Japan in 1922 and is classified as one of
Japan’s five great cherry trees. A cherry tree at Saitama
Logistics Center
Tokyo Office
Located in Musashino City, the Tokyo Office has been planting
bamboo-leaf oak, East Asian beautyberry, and other species
native to the area within the office’s premises to enhance the
landscape and biodiversity. We also participate in activities to
protect the natural features of the region and share opinions
with industry, government, academia, and the private sector.
Bamboo-leaf oak East Asian beautyberry
Biodiversity Initiatives Based on Community Exchange
With the aim of conducting biodiversity initiatives at each business site, we emphasize communication between SUBARU
employees and the local communities and local governments, as they are our closest stakeholders. By participating in and
organizing locally based events and by joining with members of the local community and local government in biodiversity
initiatives, we want to work together to contribute to global environmental protection and achieve coexistence with nature.
86

[PAGE 87]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environment Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. (SIA) worked to protect the ecosystem of its plant site and provide a friendly habitat for local wildlife by improving water retention and enhancing the Gunma Plant Flower distribution We distribute flower seedlings to member companies of the SUBARU Community Exchange Association on request basis three times a year. We chose varieties that contribute to biodiversity in 2015. With these seedlings, each company promotes greenery conservation. SUBARU Community Exchange Association ( Japanese version only) Elementary school flowerbed contest This contest provides children in the community with an opportunity to realize the importance of life through the experience of planting flower seedlings donated by SUBARU and creating flowerbeds. We have been holding this flowerbed contest for elementary schools in Ota City and Oizumi Town since 2015. The event was canceled in FYE March 2021, but resumed in FYE March 2022 with due measures taken to prevent infection. Participation in Ota City Environmental Creation Council SUBARU is a sponsor of the Ota City Environmental Creation Council and takes part in a wide range of environmental activities through interaction with the local community. In FYE March 2022, events were held on a reduced scale due to the COVID-19 pandemic, but in FYE March 2023 we are considering resumption of activities and participation in line with the extent to which the pandemic is resolved going forward. Activity Timing Outline Firefly watching June 2022 Held an event in Nishi-Nagaoka to watch fireflies in their natural habitat with explanation of the kind of environment that they need in order to thrive in terms of biodiversity and other environmental considerations. Investigation and removal of invasive species and plants August 2022 Investigate the habits of the red-necked longhorn beetle (Aromia bungii), an invasive species that has become a pest in urban areas, and execute a removal program. Next-generation automobile test drive event September 2022 Participate in exhibition booths at test drive events to make the public aware of the Cool Choice campaign. Raise awareness and introduce activities with signage and build interest in the environment among residents. Ishida River Rediscovery Project October 2022 Survey the water quality of the Ishida River, which flows through the Ota City area, from its headwaters to its mouth, explain what is necessary to maintain good water quality, and be environmentally proactive. Exhibition at the Ota City Environmental Fair November 2022 Set up a panel display at the Ota City Environmental Fair to inform people about the activities of the Ota City Environmental Creation Council and to attract new members. Procurement with Consideration for Biodiversity SUBARU surveys the use of biological resources, including cowhide and plant-derived materials, to ensure no negative impact on the ecosystem during procurement of raw materials. SUBARU also uses copy paper made with 100% recycled paper pulp not derived from new plant resources and has switched to envelopes made from Forest Stewardship Council (FSC)-certified paper for mailing payment guides to customers. As additional initiatives in the drive toward paperless operation, we switched to online payment guides for business partners and, for the standard forms used in office procedures related to maintenance parts and vehicle accessories, we began phasing out paper printouts from January 2022. We are now developing an electronic system for some functions with the target of going completely paperless from January 2023. U.S. dealerships likewise introduced paperless systems in November 2021, which is expected to save more than 7,000 sheets of paper annually. Overseas Initiatives Aiming at Coexistence with Nature (Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.) 87 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of
Gunma Plant | fices
[TABLE] Flower distribution
We distribute flower seedlings to member companies of the SUBARU Community Exchange Association on request basis three
times a year. We chose varieties that contribute to biodiversity in 2015. With these seedlings, each company promotes
greenery conservation.
SUBARU Community Exchange Association (Japanese version only)
Elementary school flowerbed contest
This contest provides children in the community with an opportunity to realize the importance of life through the experience
of planting flower seedlings donated by SUBARU and creating flowerbeds. We have been holding this flowerbed contest for
elementary schools in Ota City and Oizumi Town since 2015. The event was canceled in FYE March 2021, but resumed in FYE
March 2022 with due measures taken to prevent infection.
Participation in Ota City Environmental Creation Council
SUBARU is a sponsor of the Ota City Environmental Creation Council and takes part in a wide range of environmental
activities through interaction with the local community. In FYE March 2022, events were held on a reduced scale due to the
COVID-19 pandemic, but in FYE March 2023 we are considering resumption of activities and participation in line with the
extent to which the pandemic is resolved going forward.
Activity Timing Outline
Held an event in Nishi-Nagaoka to watch fireflies in their natural habitat with explanation
Firefly watching June 2022 of the kind of environment that they need in order to thrive in terms of biodiversity and
other environmental considerations.
Investigation and
Investigate the habits of the red-necked longhorn beetle (Aromia bungii), an invasive
removal of invasive August 2022
species that has become a pest in urban areas, and execute a removal program.
species and plants
Next-generation Participate in exhibition booths at test drive events to make the public aware of the Cool
automobile test drive September 2022 Choice campaign. Raise awareness and introduce activities with signage and build interest
event in the environment among residents.
Survey the water quality of the Ishida River, which flows through the Ota City area, from its
Ishida River
October 2022 headwaters to its mouth, explain what is necessary to maintain good water quality, and be
Rediscovery Project
environmentally proactive.
Exhibition at the Ota Set up a panel display at the Ota City Environmental Fair to inform people about the
November 2022
City Environmental Fair activities of the Ota City Environmental Creation Council and to attract new members.
Procurement with Consideration for Biodiversity
SUBARU surveys the use of biological resources, including cowhide and plant-derived materials, to ensure no negative impact
on the ecosystem during procurement of raw materials.
SUBARU also uses copy paper made with 100% recycled paper pulp not derived from new plant resources and has switched to
envelopes made from Forest Stewardship Council (FSC)-certified paper for mailing payment guides to customers. As
additional initiatives in the drive toward paperless operation, we switched to online payment guides for business partners
and, for the standard forms used in office procedures related to maintenance parts and vehicle accessories, we began
phasing out paper printouts from January 2022. We are now developing an electronic system for some functions with the
target of going completely paperless from January 2023.
U.S. dealerships likewise introduced paperless systems in November 2021, which is expected to save more than 7,000 sheets
of paper annually.
Overseas
Initiatives Aiming at Coexistence with Nature
(Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.)
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. (SIA) worked to protect the
ecosystem of its plant site and provide a friendly habitat for local
wildlife by improving water retention and enhancing the
87
[TABLE] Activity | Timing | Outline
[TABLE] Firefly watching | June 2022 | Held an event in Nishi-Nagaoka to watch fireflies in their natural habitat with explanation
of the kind of environment that they need in order to thrive in terms of biodiversity and
other environmental considerations.
[TABLE] Investigation and
removal of invasive
species and plants | August 2022 | Investigate the habits of the red-necked longhorn beetle (Aromia bungii), an invasive
species that has become a pest in urban areas, and execute a removal program.
[TABLE] Next-generation
automobile test drive
event | September 2022 | Participate in exhibition booths at test drive events to make the public aware of the Cool
Choice campaign. Raise awareness and introduce activities with signage and build interest
in the environment among residents.
[TABLE] Ishida River
Rediscovery Project | October 2022 | Survey the water quality of the Ishida River, which flows through the Ota City area, from its
headwaters to its mouth, explain what is necessary to maintain good water quality, and be
environmentally proactive.
[TABLE] Exhibition at the Ota
City Environmental Fair | November 2022 | Set up a panel display at the Ota City Environmental Fair to inform people about the
activities of the Ota City Environmental Creation Council and to attract new members.

[PAGE 88]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environment Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices surrounding greenspace. As a result, the National Wildlife Foundation designated the site as a supportive wildlife habitat in 2003, the first such designation of an automotive production plant in the U.S. The plant is surrounded by a rich natural environment home to many wild deer, where wild Canadian geese and herons also feed and rest. Wild Canadian geese SIA’s rich natural surroundings In partnership with the Pennsylvania Horticultural Society, SOA participated in the Philadelphia Flower Show in 2021. As well as donating 15 pairs of binoculars for birdwatching and posters, SOA held a “potting party” where more than 2,000 participants created a decoratively planted pot to take home. At the Philadelphia Flower Show A pot taken home by participants Support for Wildlife and Nature Conservation (Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.) SIA has been supporting Wolf Park since 2020. This organization is engaged in wildlife education, conservation, and research into protecting wolves and foxes. SIA also sponsors the cleanup program of a nature conservation organization called NICHES Land Trust. It thus not only protects the local environment itself but also provides support to other organizations that do so. In addition, every year SIA joins with the NPO Tree Lafayette to mark Earth Day. In 2021, it supported a project to plant 15 trees in the local downtown area. Afforestation in Wildfire-burned Areas (Subaru of America, Inc.) In collaboration with the National Forest Foundation, Subaru of America, Inc. (SOA) has been involved in reforestation in areas severely damaged by record forest fires since 2019. So far, a total of 500,000 trees have been planted in national parks in California, with the planting of a further 500,000 planned in the states of Idaho, Oregon, and Washington. Participation in the Philadelphia Flower Show (SOA) PrintReleaf’s Tree-Planting Program (SOA) Through partnership with Allied Printing, SOA takes part in the PrintReleaf program, whereby its consumption of paper is measured and a corresponding number of trees automatically planted at a reforestation site of its choice, thus achieving a zero-paper footprint for the company. In 2021, 1,000 trees were planted through the program. 88 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of
surrounding greenspace. As a result, the National Wildlife | fices
[TABLE] Foundation designated the site as a supportive wildlife habitat in
2003, the first such designation of an automotive production
plant in the U.S. The plant is surrounded by a rich natural
environment home to many wild deer, where wild Canadian geese
and herons also feed and rest.
Wild Canadian geese SIA’s rich natural surroundings
Support for Wildlife and Nature Conservation
(Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.)
SIA has been supporting Wolf Park since 2020. This organization is engaged in wildlife education, conservation, and research
into protecting wolves and foxes. SIA also sponsors the cleanup program of a nature conservation organization called NICHES
Land Trust. It thus not only protects the local environment itself but also provides support to other organizations that do so.
In addition, every year SIA joins with the NPO Tree Lafayette to mark Earth Day. In 2021, it supported a project to plant 15
trees in the local downtown area.
Afforestation in Wildfire-burned Areas
(Subaru of America, Inc.)
In collaboration with the National Forest Foundation, Subaru of America, Inc. (SOA) has been involved in reforestation in
areas severely damaged by record forest fires since 2019. So far, a total of 500,000 trees have been planted in national parks
in California, with the planting of a further 500,000 planned in the states of Idaho, Oregon, and Washington.
Participation in the Philadelphia Flower Show (SOA)
In partnership with the Pennsylvania Horticultural Society, SOA participated in the
Philadelphia Flower Show in 2021. As well as donating 15 pairs of binoculars for
birdwatching and posters, SOA held a “potting party” where more than 2,000
participants created a decoratively planted pot to take home.
At the Philadelphia Flower A pot taken
Show home by
participants
PrintReleaf’s Tree-Planting Program (SOA)
Through partnership with Allied Printing, SOA takes part in the PrintReleaf program, whereby its consumption of paper is
measured and a corresponding number of trees automatically planted at a reforestation site of its choice, thus achieving a
zero-paper footprint for the company. In 2021, 1,000 trees were planted through the program.
88 | Foundation designated the site as a supportive wildlife habitat in
2003, the first such designation of an automotive production
plant in the U.S. The plant is surrounded by a rich natural
environment home to many wild deer, where wild Canadian geese
and herons also feed and rest.
Wild Canadian geese SIA’s rich natural surroundings
Support for Wildlife and Nature Conservation
(Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.)
SIA has been supporting Wolf Park since 2020. This organization is engaged in wildlife education, conservation, and research
into protecting wolves and foxes. SIA also sponsors the cleanup program of a nature conservation organization called NICHES
Land Trust. It thus not only protects the local environment itself but also provides support to other organizations that do so.
In addition, every year SIA joins with the NPO Tree Lafayette to mark Earth Day. In 2021, it supported a project to plant 15
trees in the local downtown area.
Afforestation in Wildfire-burned Areas
(Subaru of America, Inc.)
In collaboration with the National Forest Foundation, Subaru of America, Inc. (SOA) has been involved in reforestation in
areas severely damaged by record forest fires since 2019. So far, a total of 500,000 trees have been planted in national parks
in California, with the planting of a further 500,000 planned in the states of Idaho, Oregon, and Washington.
Participation in the Philadelphia Flower Show (SOA)
In partnership with the Pennsylvania Horticultural Society, SOA participated in the
Philadelphia Flower Show in 2021. As well as donating 15 pairs of binoculars for
birdwatching and posters, SOA held a “potting party” where more than 2,000
participants created a decoratively planted pot to take home.
At the Philadelphia Flower A pot taken
Show home by
participants
PrintReleaf’s Tree-Planting Program (SOA)
Through partnership with Allied Printing, SOA takes part in the PrintReleaf program, whereby its consumption of paper is
measured and a corresponding number of trees automatically planted at a reforestation site of its choice, thus achieving a
zero-paper footprint for the company. In 2021, 1,000 trees were planted through the program.

[PAGE 89]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environment Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Our Approach For the development of a sustainable society as well as its own business continuity, the SUBARU Group considers it essential to prevent the pollution of public water resources, soil, and the atmosphere. The Group endeavors to accurately measure its environmental impact and reduce it to a minimum by making the best use of its environmental management system. M a nagement System The SUBARU Group has worked through its environmental management system to comply with environmental laws and regulations. However, in view of the status of legal violations in FYE March 2022, we have taken steps to strengthen the system in order to prevent recurrence. Among the specific measures to be rolled out across the SUBARU Group are enhanced sharing of information on environmental laws and regulations through creation of a network of officers in charge of this area within the SUBARU Group; provision of training in environmental laws and regulations to these officers; and review of the procedures and practice of internal audit relating to compliance with environmental laws and regulations. In implementing these initiatives, we will emulate the PDCA cycle of the environmental management system, identifying issues in each fiscal year as the basis for improvement in the next, thus taking continuous action to ensure comprehensive compliance with environmental laws and regulations. A c h i eve ments and Initiatives Compliance with Environmental Laws and Regulations and Related Initiatives In addition to complying with environmental laws and regulations, SUBARU has set its own voluntary environmental standard values, which are 20% stricter than the regulatory values set by law. We are committed to never exceeding the regulatory and voluntary thresholds and striving to achieve the goal of zero environmental complaints and zero environmental accidents. In FYE March 2022, one incident related to noise and two incidents related to water quality exceeded relevant regulations at the Gunma Plant and the Tokyo Office. In response, we identified the causes and took appropriate measures to prevent recurrence. Name of the Site Number of Cases Gunma Plant 2 Tokyo Office 1 FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Prevention of Pollution 89 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Environmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmental
Biodiversity
[TABLE] Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
Prevention of Pollution
[TABLE] Prevention of Pollution
[TABLE] Our Approach
For the development of a sustainable society as well as its own business continuity, the SUBARU Group considers it essential
to prevent the pollution of public water resources, soil, and the atmosphere. The Group endeavors to accurately measure its
environmental impact and reduce it to a minimum by making the best use of its environmental management system.
Management System
The SUBARU Group has worked through its environmental management system to comply with environmental laws and
regulations. However, in view of the status of legal violations in FYE March 2022, we have taken steps to strengthen the
system in order to prevent recurrence.
Among the specific measures to be rolled out across the SUBARU Group are enhanced sharing of information on
environmental laws and regulations through creation of a network of officers in charge of this area within the SUBARU Group;
provision of training in environmental laws and regulations to these officers; and review of the procedures and practice of
internal audit relating to compliance with environmental laws and regulations. In implementing these initiatives, we will
emulate the PDCA cycle of the environmental management system, identifying issues in each fiscal year as the basis for
improvement in the next, thus taking continuous action to ensure comprehensive compliance with environmental laws and
regulations.
[TABLE] Achievements and Initiatives
Compliance with Environmental Laws and Regulations and Related Initiatives
In addition to complying with environmental laws and regulations, SUBARU has set its own voluntary environmental standard
values, which are 20% stricter than the regulatory values set by law. We are committed to never exceeding the regulatory and
voluntary thresholds and striving to achieve the goal of zero environmental complaints and zero environmental accidents. In
FYE March 2022, one incident related to noise and two incidents related to water quality exceeded relevant regulations at the
Gunma Plant and the Tokyo Office. In response, we identified the causes and took appropriate measures to prevent
recurrence.
Name of the Site Number of Cases
Gunma Plant 2
Tokyo Office 1
FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices
89
[TABLE] Name of the Site | Number of Cases
[TABLE] Gunma Plant | 2
[TABLE] Tokyo Office | 1

[PAGE 90]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environment Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Name of the Site Number of Cases Gunma Plant Off-site incidents 1 On-site incidents 5 Utsunomiya Plant On-site incidents 3 Tokyo Office Off-site incidents 1 On-site incidents 1 Accessory Center On-site incidents 1 Environmental Complaints We are committed to achieving the goal of zero environmental complaints, but in FYE March 2022 we received three. We intend to prevent recurrence by uncovering the causes of the complaints. Name of the Site Number of Cases Gunma Plant 1 Utsunomiya Plant 2 Noise, Vibration, and Offensive Odors The Gunma Plant conducts daily patrols premised on the fact that people and measuring instruments respond to odors and noise very differently. In addition, we use hotlines, discussion meetings, and factory tours as a means of communicating with local residents and use their valuable feedback to improve production facilities when appropriate. Soil and Groundwater We started our voluntary soil and groundwater tests at our locations in 1998 and have since implemented purification measures and groundwater monitoring as required. Since the Soil Contamination Countermeasures Act came into effect in 2003, we have also filed reports and conducted tests in accordance with the law. PCB Waste SUBARU i s aud i t i ng and t rea t i ng po l y ch l or i na t ed b i pheny l ( PCB ) was t e as p l anned . We a re cur ren t l y conduc t i ng a f i na l sur vey o f t he s t a t us o f PCB was t e t rea tmen t a t each SUBARU base and a t Group compan i es and dea l e r s i n J apan , and t he SUBARU Group p l ans t o comp l e t e t he d i sposa l o f h i gh - concen t ra t i on PCB was t e by t he end o f FYE Ma rch 2023 . Environmental Accidents We are committed to achieving the goal of zero accidents, both on-site and off-site. In FYE March 2022, two incidents occurred off-site and 10 incidents occurred on-site. Regarding the two off-site incidents specifically, we have identified the causes and, to prevent recurrence, are considering the implementation of an immediate response system, such as one that issues alert notifications. 90 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of
Environmental Accidents | fices
[TABLE] We are committed to achieving the goal of zero accidents, both on-site and off-site. In FYE March 2022, two incidents
occurred off-site and 10 incidents occurred on-site. Regarding the two off-site incidents specifically, we have identified the
causes and, to prevent recurrence, are considering the implementation of an immediate response system, such as one that
issues alert notifications.
Name of the Site Number of Cases
Off-site incidents 1
Gunma Plant
On-site incidents 5
Utsunomiya Plant On-site incidents 3
Off-site incidents 1
Tokyo Office
On-site incidents 1
Accessory Center On-site incidents 1
Environmental Complaints
We are committed to achieving the goal of zero environmental complaints, but in FYE March 2022 we received three. We
intend to prevent recurrence by uncovering the causes of the complaints.
Name of the Site Number of Cases
Gunma Plant 1
Utsunomiya Plant 2
Noise, Vibration, and Offensive Odors
The Gunma Plant conducts daily patrols premised on the fact that people and measuring instruments respond to odors and
noise very differently. In addition, we use hotlines, discussion meetings, and factory tours as a means of communicating with
local residents and use their valuable feedback to improve production facilities when appropriate.
Soil and Groundwater
We started our voluntary soil and groundwater tests at our locations in 1998 and have since implemented purification
measures and groundwater monitoring as required. Since the Soil Contamination Countermeasures Act came into effect in
2003, we have also filed reports and conducted tests in accordance with the law.
PCB Waste
SUBARU i(cid:32)s aud(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng and t(cid:32)rea(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng po(cid:32)l(cid:32)y(cid:32)ch(cid:32)l(cid:32)or(cid:32)i(cid:32)na(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed b(cid:32)i(cid:32)pheny(cid:32)l ((cid:32)PCB(cid:32)) was(cid:32)t(cid:32)e as p(cid:32)l(cid:32)anned(cid:32).
We a(cid:32)re cur(cid:32)ren(cid:32)t(cid:32)l(cid:32)y conduc(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng a f(cid:32)i(cid:32)na(cid:32)l sur(cid:32)vey o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he s(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)us o(cid:32)f PCB was(cid:32)t(cid:32)e t(cid:32)rea(cid:32)tmen(cid:32)t a(cid:32)t each SUBARU base and a(cid:32)t Group(cid:32)
compan(cid:32)i(cid:32)es and dea(cid:32)l(cid:32)e(cid:32)r(cid:32)s i(cid:32)n J(cid:32)apan(cid:32), and t(cid:32)he SUBARU Group p(cid:32)l(cid:32)ans t(cid:32)o comp(cid:32)l(cid:32)e(cid:32)t(cid:32)e t(cid:32)he d(cid:32)i(cid:32)sposa(cid:32)l o(cid:32)f h(cid:32)i(cid:32)gh(cid:32)-(cid:32)concen(cid:32)t(cid:32)ra(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on PCB was(cid:32)t(cid:32)e by(cid:32)
t(cid:32)he end o(cid:32)f FYE Ma(cid:32)rch 2023(cid:32).
90
[TABLE] Name of the Site | Number of Cases
[TABLE] Gunma Plant | Off-site incidents 1
On-site incidents 5
[TABLE] Utsunomiya Plant | On-site incidents 3
[TABLE] Tokyo Office | Off-site incidents 1
On-site incidents 1
[TABLE] Accessory Center | On-site incidents 1
[TABLE] Name of the Site | Number of Cases
[TABLE] Gunma Plant | 1
[TABLE] Utsunomiya Plant | 2

[PAGE 91]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environment Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Scope: SUBARU:Gunma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant, Handa Plant, Handa West Plant Group companies in Japan:Yusoki Kogyo K.K., Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd., Ichitan Co., Ltd., Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd., Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd. NOx and SOx Emissions Scope: SUBARU:Gunma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant, Handa Plant, Handa West Plant Group companies in Japan:Yusoki Kogyo K.K., Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd., Ichitan Co., Ltd., Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd., Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd. Group companies overseas:Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. Hazardous Waste SUBARU has had no significant spillage, nor has it transported waste deemed hazardous under the terms of Annex I, II, III, and IV of the Basel Convention*. * International treaty on the control of movements of hazardous wastes between nations and their disposal procedures. VOC SUBARU manages volatile organic compounds (VOCs) emissions during the automobile painting process using an emissions per unit coating area calculation method. We are reducing the amount of cleaning thinner used in the automobile painting process and increasing recovery to reduce VOC emissions during painting. However, FYE March 2022 emissions increased 3.8% compared with the previous fiscal year to 49.2g/m2. Chemical Substances Regulated by Japan’s Pollutant Release and Transfer Register (PRTR) Act 91 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmenta
Biodiversity | l
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Of
Hazardous Waste | fices
[TABLE] SUBARU has had no significant spillage, nor has it transported waste deemed hazardous under the terms of Annex Ⅰ, Ⅱ, Ⅲ,
and Ⅳ of the Basel Convention*.
* International treaty on the control of movements of hazardous wastes between nations and their disposal procedures.
VOC
SUBARU manages volatile organic compounds (VOCs) emissions during the automobile painting process using an emissions
per unit coating area calculation method. We are reducing the amount of cleaning thinner used in the automobile painting
process and increasing recovery to reduce VOC emissions during painting. However, FYE March 2022 emissions increased 3.8%
compared with the previous fiscal year to 49.2g/m2.
Chemical Substances Regulated by Japan’s Pollutant Release and Transfer Register (PRTR) Act
Scope:
SUBARU:Gunma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant, Handa Plant, Handa West Plant
Group companies in Japan:Yusoki Kogyo K.K., Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd., Ichitan Co., Ltd., Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd., Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd.
NOx and SOx Emissions
Scope:
SUBARU:Gunma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant, Handa Plant, Handa West Plant
Group companies in Japan:Yusoki Kogyo K.K., Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd., Ichitan Co., Ltd., Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd., Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd.
Group companies overseas:Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
91 | SUBARU has had no significant spillage, nor has it transported waste deemed hazardous under the terms of Annex Ⅰ, Ⅱ, Ⅲ,
and Ⅳ of the Basel Convention*.
* International treaty on the control of movements of hazardous wastes between nations and their disposal procedures.
VOC
SUBARU manages volatile organic compounds (VOCs) emissions during the automobile painting process using an emissions
per unit coating area calculation method. We are reducing the amount of cleaning thinner used in the automobile painting
process and increasing recovery to reduce VOC emissions during painting. However, FYE March 2022 emissions increased 3.8%
compared with the previous fiscal year to 49.2g/m2.
Chemical Substances Regulated by Japan’s Pollutant Release and Transfer Register (PRTR) Act
Scope:
SUBARU:Gunma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant, Handa Plant, Handa West Plant
Group companies in Japan:Yusoki Kogyo K.K., Fuji Machinery Co., Ltd., Ichitan Co., Ltd., Kiryu Industrial Co., Ltd., Subaru Logistics Co., Ltd.
NOx and SOx Emissions

[PAGE 92]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment In addition to complying with the laws and regulations, SUBARU sets voluntary standards that are 20% stricter than the legal regulation values to manage the controlled substances. The following shows the regulation values and measured performance data for our plants and offices regarding the main substances. A t m o s p h e re ( A i r P o l l u t i o n C o n t ro l A c t , P re f e c t u ra l R e g u l a t i o n s ) Automotive Business Gunma Plant Main Plant Substance Equipment / Facility Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Average NOx Paint drying oven ppm 230 184 44 34 Particulate matter g/Nm 0.2 0.16 0.005 0.003 VOC Paint booth, etc. ppm-C 700 - 588 176 Yajima Plant Substance Equipment / Facility Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Average NOx Paint drying oven ppm 230 184 77 53 Particulate matter g/Nm 0.2 0.16 < 0.005 0.003 VOC Paint booth, etc. ppm-C 700 - 362 59 VOC ppm-C 400 - 315 89 Oizumi Plant Substance Equipment / Facility Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Average NOx Aluminum melting furnace ppm 180 144 100 44 Particulate matter g/Nm 0.3 0.24 0.029 0.008 Ota Nor th P l ant No app l i cab l e equ i pmen t / f ac i l i t y Tokyo Of f i ce No app l i cab l e equ i pmen t / f ac i l i t y FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices 3 3 3 92 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Environmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmental
Biodiversity
[TABLE] Management Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and Offices
FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for
[TABLE] FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for
[TABLE] Plants and Offices
[TABLE] In addition to complying with the laws and regulations, SUBARU sets voluntary standards that are 20% stricter than the legal
regulation values to manage the controlled substances.
The following shows the regulation values and measured performance data for our plants and offices regarding the main
substances.
[TABLE] Atmosphere (Air Pollution Control Act, Prefectural Regulations)
Automotive Business
Gunma Plant
Main Plant
Substance Equipment / Facility Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Average
NOx ppm 230 184 44 34
Paint drying oven
Particulate matter g/Nm3 0.2 0.16 0.005 0.003
VOC Paint booth, etc. ppm-C 700 - 588 176
Yajima Plant
Substance Equipment / Facility Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Average
NOx ppm 230 184 77 53
Paint drying oven
Particulate matter g/Nm3 0.2 0.16 < 0.005 0.003
VOC ppm-C 700 - 362 59
Paint booth, etc.
VOC ppm-C 400 - 315 89
Oizumi Plant
Substance Equipment / Facility Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Average
NOx ppm 180 144 100 44
Aluminum melting furnace
Particulate matter g/Nm3 0.3 0.24 0.029 0.008
Ota Nor(cid:32)th P(cid:32)l(cid:32)ant
No app(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)cab(cid:32)l(cid:32)e equ(cid:32)i(cid:32)pmen(cid:32)t / f(cid:32)ac(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)y
Tokyo Of(cid:32)f(cid:32)i(cid:32)ce
No app(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)cab(cid:32)l(cid:32)e equ(cid:32)i(cid:32)pmen(cid:32)t / f(cid:32)ac(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)y
92
[TABLE] Substance | Equipment / Facility | Unit | Regulation | Voluntary Standard | Maximum | Average
[TABLE] NOx | Paint drying oven | ppm | 230 | 184 | 44 | 34
[TABLE] Particulate matter | g/Nm3 | 0.2 | 0.16 | 0.005 | 0.003
[TABLE] VOC | Paint booth, etc. | ppm-C | 700 | - | 588 | 176
[TABLE] Substance | Equipment / Facility | Unit | Regulation | Voluntary Standard | Maximum | Average
[TABLE] NOx | Paint drying oven | ppm | 230 | 184 | 77 | 53
[TABLE] Particulate matter | g/Nm3 | 0.2 | 0.16 | < 0.005 | 0.003
[TABLE] VOC | Paint booth, etc. | ppm-C | 700 | - | 362 | 59
[TABLE] VOC | ppm-C | 400 | - | 315 | 89
[TABLE] Substance | Equipment / Facility | Unit | Regulation | Voluntary Standard | Maximum | Average
[TABLE] NOx | Aluminum melting furnace | ppm | 180 | 144 | 100 | 44
[TABLE] Particulate matter | g/Nm3 | 0.3 | 0.24 | 0.029 | 0.008

[PAGE 93]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment Main Plant Substance Equipment / Facility Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Average NOx Cogeneration ppm 600 480 139 121.5 NOx Drying oven ppm 230 184 < 100 < 100 Particulate matter g/Nm 0.2 0.16 < 0.010 < 0.010 South Plant and 2nd South Plant No applicable equipment / facility Handa Plant Substance Equipment / Facility Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Average SOx 2-ton boiler ppm 1.5 1.2 < 0.02 < 0.02 NOx ppm 180 144 35 27.1 Particulate matter g/Nm 0.1 0.08 < 0.002 < 0.002 Handa West Plant Substance Equipment / Facility Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Average SOx 2-ton boiler ppm 1.5 1.2 < 0.02 < 0.02 NOx ppm 180 144 30 23.7 Particulate matter g/Nm 0.1 0.08 0.003 0.002 Wa t e r Q u a l i t y ( Wa t e r P o l l u t i o n P rev e n t i o n A c t , S ew e ra g e A c t, P re f e c t u ra l / M u n i c i p a l R e g u l a t i o n s ) Automotive Business Gunma Plant Main Plant (Effluent is discharged into public rivers.) Item Unit Regulation (Prefectural Regulation) Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) - 5.8~8.6 6.1~8.3 7.8 6.6 7.2 Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 25 20 7.8 1.0 3.1 Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 50 40 3.6 1.0 1.3 n-Hexane extract content (Mineral oil content) mg/L 5 4 1.0 1.0 1.0 n-Hexane extract content (Animal and plant oil and fat content) mg/L 30 24 1.0 1.0 1.0 Fluorine and its compounds mg/L 8 6.4 2.3 0.2 0.8 Zinc content mg/L 2 1.6 0.300 0.000 0.156 3 3 3 Utsunomiya Plant Aerospace Company 93 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmen
Biodiversity | tal
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and
Aerospace Company | Offices
[TABLE] Utsunomiya Plant
Main Plant
Substance Equipment / Facility Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Average
NOx Cogeneration ppm 600 480 139 121.5
NOx ppm 230 184 < 100 < 100
Drying oven
Particulate matter g/Nm3 0.2 0.16 < 0.010 < 0.010
South Plant and 2nd South Plant
No applicable equipment / facility
Handa Plant
Substance Equipment / Facility Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Average
SOx ppm 1.5 1.2 < 0.02 < 0.02
NOx 2-ton boiler ppm 180 144 35 27.1
Particulate matter g/Nm3 0.1 0.08 < 0.002 < 0.002
Handa West Plant
Substance Equipment / Facility Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Average
SOx ppm 1.5 1.2 < 0.02 < 0.02
NOx 2-ton boiler ppm 180 144 30 23.7
Particulate matter g/Nm3 0.1 0.08 0.003 0.002
[TABLE] Water Quality (Water Pollution Prevention Act, Sewerage Act,
Prefectural/Municipal Regulations)
Automotive Business
Gunma Plant
Main Plant (Effluent is discharged into public rivers.)
Regulation
Item Unit Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average
(Prefectural Regulation)
Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) - 5.8〜8.6 6.1〜8.3 7.8 6.6 7.2
Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 25 20 7.8 1.0 3.1
Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 50 40 3.6 1.0 1.3
n-Hexane extract content
mg/L 5 4 1.0 1.0 1.0
(Mineral oil content)
n-Hexane extract content
mg/L 30 24 1.0 1.0 1.0
(Animal and plant oil and fat content)
Fluorine and its compounds mg/L 8 6.4 2.3 0.2 0.8
Zinc content mg/L 2 1.6 0.300 0.000 0.156
93
[TABLE] Substance | Equipment / Facility | Unit | Regulation | Voluntary Standard | Maximum | Average
[TABLE] NOx | Cogeneration | ppm | 600 | 480 | 139 | 121.5
[TABLE] NOx | Drying oven | ppm | 230 | 184 | < 100 | < 100
[TABLE] Particulate matter | g/Nm3 | 0.2 | 0.16 | < 0.010 | < 0.010
[TABLE] Substance | Equipment / Facility | Unit | Regulation | Voluntary Standard | Maximum | Average
[TABLE] SOx | 2-ton boiler | ppm | 1.5 | 1.2 | < 0.02 | < 0.02
[TABLE] NOx | ppm | 180 | 144 | 35 | 27.1
[TABLE] Particulate matter | g/Nm3 | 0.1 | 0.08 | < 0.002 | < 0.002
[TABLE] Substance | Equipment / Facility | Unit | Regulation | Voluntary Standard | Maximum | Average
[TABLE] SOx | 2-ton boiler | ppm | 1.5 | 1.2 | < 0.02 | < 0.02
[TABLE] NOx | ppm | 180 | 144 | 30 | 23.7
[TABLE] Particulate matter | g/Nm3 | 0.1 | 0.08 | 0.003 | 0.002
[TABLE] Item | Unit | Regulation
(Prefectural Regulation) | Voluntary Standard | Maximum | Minimum | Average
[TABLE] Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) | - | 5.8〜8.6 | 6.1〜8.3 | 7.8 | 6.6 | 7.2
[TABLE] Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) | mg/L | 25 | 20 | 7.8 | 1.0 | 3.1
[TABLE] Suspended solids (SS) | mg/L | 50 | 40 | 3.6 | 1.0 | 1.3
[TABLE] n-Hexane extract content
(Mineral oil content) | mg/L | 5 | 4 | 1.0 | 1.0 | 1.0
[TABLE] n-Hexane extract content
(Animal and plant oil and fat content) | mg/L | 30 | 24 | 1.0 | 1.0 | 1.0
[TABLE] Fluorine and its compounds | mg/L | 8 | 6.4 | 2.3 | 0.2 | 0.8
[TABLE] Zinc content | mg/L | 2 | 1.6 | 0.300 | 0.000 | 0.156

[PAGE 94]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment Item Unit Regulation (Prefectural Regulation) Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average Soluble iron content mg/L 10 8 0.2 0.1 0.1 Soluble manganese content mg/L 10 8 3.5 0.1 0.4 Phosphorus content mg/L 16 (8) 6.4 3.1 0.1 1.1 Nitrogen content mg/L 120 (60) 48 14.2 1.8 8.1 Measured at two drainage outlets (New No. 2 and No. 5 waterways). Values for total phosphorus content and total nitrogen content are daily averages. Yajima Plant (Effluent is discharged into public rivers.) Item Unit Regulation (Prefectural Regulation) Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) - 5.8~8.6 6.1~8.3 7.5 6.9 7.3 Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 25 20 15.8 1.0 5.1 Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 50 40 4.0 1.0 1.7 n-Hexane extract content (Mineral oil content) mg/L 5 4 1.0 1.0 1.0 n-Hexane extract content (Animal and plant oil and fat content) mg/L 30 24 1.0 1.0 1.0 Fluorine and its compounds mg/L 8 6.4 2.3 0.8 1.6 Zinc content mg/L 2 1.6 0.646 0.220 0.484 Soluble iron content mg/L 10 8 0.1 0.1 0.1 Soluble manganese content mg/L 10 8 0.1 0.1 0.1 Phosphorus content mg/L 16 (8) 6.4 0.9 0.3 0.6 Nitrogen content mg/L 120 (60) 48 7.3 2.8 5.5 Values for total phosphorus content and total nitrogen content are daily averages. Oizumi Plant (Effluent is discharged into public rivers.) Item Unit Regulation (Prefectural Regulation) Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) - 5.8~8.6 6.1~8.3 7.5 6.8 7.2 Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 10 8 7.7 1.0 3.2 Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 10 8 6.0 1.0 1.4 n-Hexane extract content (Mineral oil content) mg/L 3 2.4 1.0 1.0 1.0 n-Hexane extract content (Animal and plant oil and fat content) mg/L 30 24 1.0 1.0 1.0 Fluorine and its compounds mg/L 8 6.4 0.2 0.2 0.2 Zinc content mg/L 2 1.6 0.288 0.067 0.169 Soluble iron content mg/L 5 4 0.1 0.1 0.1 Soluble manganese content mg/L 5 4 0.1 0.1 0.1 Phosphorus content mg/L 16 (8) 6.4 0.2 0.1 0.1 Nitrogen content mg/L 120 (60) 48 14.9 4.2 9.6 Values for total phosphorus content and total nitrogen content are daily averages. * Regulation values were changed on April 1, 2021 due to the signing of an environmental challenge agreement with Oizumi Town in accordance with Gunma Prefecture ordinances. 94 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmen
Biodiversity | tal
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and
Regulation | Offices
[TABLE] Item Unit Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average
(Prefectural Regulation)
Soluble iron content mg/L 10 8 0.2 0.1 0.1
Soluble manganese content mg/L 10 8 3.5 0.1 0.4
Phosphorus content mg/L 16 (8) 6.4 3.1 0.1 1.1
Nitrogen content mg/L 120 (60) 48 14.2 1.8 8.1
Measured at two drainage outlets (New No. 2 and No. 5 waterways). Values for total phosphorus content and total nitrogen content are daily
averages.
Yajima Plant (Effluent is discharged into public rivers.)
Regulation
Item Unit Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average
(Prefectural Regulation)
Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) - 5.8〜8.6 6.1〜8.3 7.5 6.9 7.3
Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 25 20 15.8 1.0 5.1
Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 50 40 4.0 1.0 1.7
n-Hexane extract content
mg/L 5 4 1.0 1.0 1.0
(Mineral oil content)
n-Hexane extract content
mg/L 30 24 1.0 1.0 1.0
(Animal and plant oil and fat content)
Fluorine and its compounds mg/L 8 6.4 2.3 0.8 1.6
Zinc content mg/L 2 1.6 0.646 0.220 0.484
Soluble iron content mg/L 10 8 0.1 0.1 0.1
Soluble manganese content mg/L 10 8 0.1 0.1 0.1
Phosphorus content mg/L 16 (8) 6.4 0.9 0.3 0.6
Nitrogen content mg/L 120 (60) 48 7.3 2.8 5.5
Values for total phosphorus content and total nitrogen content are daily averages.
Oizumi Plant (Effluent is discharged into public rivers.)
Regulation
Item Unit Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average
(Prefectural Regulation)
Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) - 5.8〜8.6 6.1〜8.3 7.5 6.8 7.2
Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 10 8 7.7 1.0 3.2
Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 10 8 6.0 1.0 1.4
n-Hexane extract content
mg/L 3 2.4 1.0 1.0 1.0
(Mineral oil content)
n-Hexane extract content
mg/L 30 24 1.0 1.0 1.0
(Animal and plant oil and fat content)
Fluorine and its compounds mg/L 8 6.4 0.2 0.2 0.2
Zinc content mg/L 2 1.6 0.288 0.067 0.169
Soluble iron content mg/L 5 4 0.1 0.1 0.1
Soluble manganese content mg/L 5 4 0.1 0.1 0.1
Phosphorus content mg/L 16 (8) 6.4 0.2 0.1 0.1
Nitrogen content mg/L 120 (60) 48 14.9 4.2 9.6
Values for total phosphorus content and total nitrogen content are daily averages.
* Regulation values were changed on April 1, 2021 due to the signing of an environmental challenge agreement with Oizumi Town in
accordance with Gunma Prefecture ordinances.
94
[TABLE] Regulation
[TABLE] Item | Unit | (Prefectural Regulation) | Voluntary Standard | Maximum | Minimum | Average
[TABLE] Soluble iron content | mg/L | 10 | 8 | 0.2 | 0.1 | 0.1
[TABLE] Soluble manganese content | mg/L | 10 | 8 | 3.5 | 0.1 | 0.4
[TABLE] Phosphorus content | mg/L | 16 (8) | 6.4 | 3.1 | 0.1 | 1.1
[TABLE] Nitrogen content | mg/L | 120 (60) | 48 | 14.2 | 1.8 | 8.1
[TABLE] Item | Unit | Regulation
(Prefectural Regulation) | Voluntary Standard | Maximum | Minimum | Average
[TABLE] Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) | - | 5.8〜8.6 | 6.1〜8.3 | 7.5 | 6.9 | 7.3
[TABLE] Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) | mg/L | 25 | 20 | 15.8 | 1.0 | 5.1
[TABLE] Suspended solids (SS) | mg/L | 50 | 40 | 4.0 | 1.0 | 1.7
[TABLE] n-Hexane extract content
(Mineral oil content) | mg/L | 5 | 4 | 1.0 | 1.0 | 1.0
[TABLE] n-Hexane extract content
(Animal and plant oil and fat content) | mg/L | 30 | 24 | 1.0 | 1.0 | 1.0
[TABLE] Fluorine and its compounds | mg/L | 8 | 6.4 | 2.3 | 0.8 | 1.6
[TABLE] Zinc content | mg/L | 2 | 1.6 | 0.646 | 0.220 | 0.484
[TABLE] Soluble iron content | mg/L | 10 | 8 | 0.1 | 0.1 | 0.1
[TABLE] Soluble manganese content | mg/L | 10 | 8 | 0.1 | 0.1 | 0.1
[TABLE] Phosphorus content | mg/L | 16 (8) | 6.4 | 0.9 | 0.3 | 0.6
[TABLE] Nitrogen content | mg/L | 120 (60) | 48 | 7.3 | 2.8 | 5.5
[TABLE] Item | Unit | Regulation
(Prefectural Regulation) | Voluntary Standard | Maximum | Minimum | Average
[TABLE] Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) | - | 5.8〜8.6 | 6.1〜8.3 | 7.5 | 6.8 | 7.2
[TABLE] Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) | mg/L | 10 | 8 | 7.7 | 1.0 | 3.2
[TABLE] Suspended solids (SS) | mg/L | 10 | 8 | 6.0 | 1.0 | 1.4
[TABLE] n-Hexane extract content
(Mineral oil content) | mg/L | 3 | 2.4 | 1.0 | 1.0 | 1.0
[TABLE] n-Hexane extract content
(Animal and plant oil and fat content) | mg/L | 30 | 24 | 1.0 | 1.0 | 1.0
[TABLE] Fluorine and its compounds | mg/L | 8 | 6.4 | 0.2 | 0.2 | 0.2
[TABLE] Zinc content | mg/L | 2 | 1.6 | 0.288 | 0.067 | 0.169
[TABLE] Soluble iron content | mg/L | 5 | 4 | 0.1 | 0.1 | 0.1
[TABLE] Soluble manganese content | mg/L | 5 | 4 | 0.1 | 0.1 | 0.1
[TABLE] Phosphorus content | mg/L | 16 (8) | 6.4 | 0.2 | 0.1 | 0.1
[TABLE] Nitrogen content | mg/L | 120 (60) | 48 | 14.9 | 4.2 | 9.6

[PAGE 95]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment Ota North Plant (Effluent is discharged into public rivers.) Item Unit Regulation (Prefectural Regulation) Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) - 5.8~8.6 6.1~8.3 8.0 7.9 8.0 Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 25 20 2.3 1.0 1.7 Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 50 40 5.6 1.0 3.3 n-Hexane extract content (Mineral oil content) mg/L 5 4 1.0 1.0 1.0 n-Hexane extract content (Animal and plant oil and fat content) mg/L 30 24 1.0 1.0 1.0 Fluorine and its compounds mg/L 8 6.4 0.2 0.2 0.2 Zinc content mg/L 2 1.6 0.026 0.018 0.022 Soluble iron content mg/L 10 8 0.1 0.1 0.1 Soluble manganese content mg/L 10 8 0.2 0.1 0.2 Phosphorus content mg/L 16 (8) 6.4 0.1 0.1 0.1 Nitrogen content mg/L 120 (60) 48 1.1 0.8 1.0 Values for total phosphorus content and total nitrogen content are daily averages. Tokyo Office (Discharged into sewage.) Item Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) - 5~9 5.4~8.6 8.9 7.4 8.4 Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 600 480 370 42 144 Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 600 480 560 35 136 n-Hexane extract content (Mineral oil content) mg/L 5 4 0 0 0 n-Hexane extract content (Animal and plant oil and fat content) mg/L 30 24 22.0 1.0 9.0 Total phosphorus mg/L 16 12.8 9.4 0.4 4.8 Total nitrogen mg/L 120 96 110 9 60 Soluble manganese mg/L 10 8 0.03 0.01 0.02 Cyanogen mg/L 1 0.8 0 0 0 * An on-site inspection by Mitaka City revealed that BOD and total nitrogen exceeded the discharge standards of the city ’s sewage ordinance. Investigations were conducted to determine the cause of the problem, including surveys of high-concentration hours, and remedial measures were implemented. Aerospace Company Utsunomiya Plant Main Plant (Discharged into sewage.) Item Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) - 5~9 5.4~8.6 8.6 6.7 7.6 Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 600 480 390 < 1.0 79 * 95 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmen
Biodiversity | tal
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and
Ota North Plant (Effluent is discharged into public rivers.) | Offices
[TABLE] Regulation
Item Unit Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average
(Prefectural Regulation)
Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) - 5.8〜8.6 6.1〜8.3 8.0 7.9 8.0
Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 25 20 2.3 1.0 1.7
Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 50 40 5.6 1.0 3.3
n-Hexane extract content
mg/L 5 4 1.0 1.0 1.0
(Mineral oil content)
n-Hexane extract content
mg/L 30 24 1.0 1.0 1.0
(Animal and plant oil and fat content)
Fluorine and its compounds mg/L 8 6.4 0.2 0.2 0.2
Zinc content mg/L 2 1.6 0.026 0.018 0.022
Soluble iron content mg/L 10 8 0.1 0.1 0.1
Soluble manganese content mg/L 10 8 0.2 0.1 0.2
Phosphorus content mg/L 16 (8) 6.4 0.1 0.1 0.1
Nitrogen content mg/L 120 (60) 48 1.1 0.8 1.0
Values for total phosphorus content and total nitrogen content are daily averages.
Tokyo Office (Discharged into sewage.)
Item Unit Regulation* Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average
Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) - 5〜9 5.4〜8.6 8.9 7.4 8.4
Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 600 480 370 42 144
Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 600 480 560 35 136
n-Hexane extract content
mg/L 5 4 0 0 0
(Mineral oil content)
n-Hexane extract content
mg/L 30 24 22.0 1.0 9.0
(Animal and plant oil and fat content)
Total phosphorus mg/L 16 12.8 9.4 0.4 4.8
Total nitrogen mg/L 120 96 110 9 60
Soluble manganese mg/L 10 8 0.03 0.01 0.02
Cyanogen mg/L 1 0.8 0 0 0
* An on-site inspection by Mitaka City revealed that BOD and total nitrogen exceeded the discharge standards of the city’s sewage
ordinance. Investigations were conducted to determine the cause of the problem, including surveys of high-concentration hours, and
remedial measures were implemented.
Aerospace Company
Utsunomiya Plant
Main Plant (Discharged into sewage.)
Item Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average
Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) - 5〜9 5.4〜8.6 8.6 6.7 7.6
Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 600 480 390 < 1.0 79
95
[TABLE] Item | Unit | Regulation
(Prefectural Regulation) | Voluntary Standard | Maximum | Minimum | Average
[TABLE] Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) | - | 5.8〜8.6 | 6.1〜8.3 | 8.0 | 7.9 | 8.0
[TABLE] Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) | mg/L | 25 | 20 | 2.3 | 1.0 | 1.7
[TABLE] Suspended solids (SS) | mg/L | 50 | 40 | 5.6 | 1.0 | 3.3
[TABLE] n-Hexane extract content
(Mineral oil content) | mg/L | 5 | 4 | 1.0 | 1.0 | 1.0
[TABLE] n-Hexane extract content
(Animal and plant oil and fat content) | mg/L | 30 | 24 | 1.0 | 1.0 | 1.0
[TABLE] Fluorine and its compounds | mg/L | 8 | 6.4 | 0.2 | 0.2 | 0.2
[TABLE] Zinc content | mg/L | 2 | 1.6 | 0.026 | 0.018 | 0.022
[TABLE] Soluble iron content | mg/L | 10 | 8 | 0.1 | 0.1 | 0.1
[TABLE] Soluble manganese content | mg/L | 10 | 8 | 0.2 | 0.1 | 0.2
[TABLE] Phosphorus content | mg/L | 16 (8) | 6.4 | 0.1 | 0.1 | 0.1
[TABLE] Nitrogen content | mg/L | 120 (60) | 48 | 1.1 | 0.8 | 1.0
[TABLE] Item | Unit | Regulation* | Voluntary Standard | Maximum | Minimum | Average
[TABLE] Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) | - | 5〜9 | 5.4〜8.6 | 8.9 | 7.4 | 8.4
[TABLE] Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) | mg/L | 600 | 480 | 370 | 42 | 144
[TABLE] Suspended solids (SS) | mg/L | 600 | 480 | 560 | 35 | 136
[TABLE] n-Hexane extract content
(Mineral oil content) | mg/L | 5 | 4 | 0 | 0 | 0
[TABLE] n-Hexane extract content
(Animal and plant oil and fat content) | mg/L | 30 | 24 | 22.0 | 1.0 | 9.0
[TABLE] Total phosphorus | mg/L | 16 | 12.8 | 9.4 | 0.4 | 4.8
[TABLE] Total nitrogen | mg/L | 120 | 96 | 110 | 9 | 60
[TABLE] Soluble manganese | mg/L | 10 | 8 | 0.03 | 0.01 | 0.02
[TABLE] Cyanogen | mg/L | 1 | 0.8 | 0 | 0 | 0
[TABLE] Item | Unit | Regulation | Voluntary Standard | Maximum | Minimum | Average
[TABLE] Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) | - | 5〜9 | 5.4〜8.6 | 8.6 | 6.7 | 7.6
[TABLE] Suspended solids (SS) | mg/L | 600 | 480 | 390 | < 1.0 | 79

[PAGE 96]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment Item Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 600 480 344 0.5 85 n-Hexane extract content (Mineral oil content) mg/L 5 4 < 1.0 < 1.0 < 1.0 n-Hexane extract content (Animal and plant oil and fat content) mg/L 30 24 22.4 < 1.0 7.7 Fluorine compounds mg/L 8 6.4 1.4 < 0.2 0.3 Cyanogen mg/L 1 0.8 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 Cadmium mg/L 0.03 0.024 < 0.003 < 0.003 < 0.003 Total chromium mg/L 2 1.6 0.09 < 0.01 0.02 Hexavalent chromium mg/L 0.1 0.08 < 0.02 < 0.02 < 0.02 Main Plant (Effluent is discharged into public rivers.) Item Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) - 5.8~8.6 6.0~8.3 8.3 6.8 7.7 Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 50 40 6.4 < 1.0 2.5 Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 30 24 8.1 0.6 1.3 n-Hexane extract content (Mineral oil content) mg/L 5 4 < 1.0 < 1.0 < 1.0 n-Hexane extract content (Animal and plant oil and fat content) mg/L 30 24 < 1.0 < 1.0 < 1.0 Cyanogen mg/L 1 0.8 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 Cadmium mg/L 0.03 0.024 < 0.003 < 0.003 < 0.003 Total chromium mg/L 2 1.6 < 0.01 < 0.01 < 0.01 Hexavalent chromium mg/L 0.5 0.4 < 0.02 < 0.02 < 0.02 South Plant (Discharged into sewage.) Item Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) - 5~9 5.4~8.6 8.3 6.8 7.4 Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 600 480 478 1.8 62.3 Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 600 480 95.7 3.2 93.1 n-Hexane extract content (Mineral oil content) mg/L 5 4 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 n-Hexane extract content (Animal and plant oil and fat content) mg/L 30 24 9 < 0.1 2.4 Cyanogen mg/L 1 0.8 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 Cadmium mg/L 0.03 0.024 < 0.003 < 0.003 < 0.003 Total chromium mg/L 2 1.6 < 0.01 < 0.01 < 0.01 Hexavalent chromium mg/L 0.1 0.08 < 0.02 < 0.02 < 0.02 96 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmen
Biodiversity | tal
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and
Item Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average | Offices
[TABLE] Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 600 480 344 0.5 85
n-Hexane extract content
mg/L 5 4 < 1.0 < 1.0 < 1.0
(Mineral oil content)
n-Hexane extract content
mg/L 30 24 22.4 < 1.0 7.7
(Animal and plant oil and fat content)
Fluorine compounds mg/L 8 6.4 1.4 < 0.2 0.3
Cyanogen mg/L 1 0.8 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1
Cadmium mg/L 0.03 0.024 < 0.003 < 0.003 < 0.003
Total chromium mg/L 2 1.6 0.09 < 0.01 0.02
Hexavalent chromium mg/L 0.1 0.08 < 0.02 < 0.02 < 0.02
Main Plant (Effluent is discharged into public rivers.)
Item Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average
Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) - 5.8〜8.6 6.0〜8.3 8.3 6.8 7.7
Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 50 40 6.4 < 1.0 2.5
Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 30 24 8.1 0.6 1.3
n-Hexane extract content
mg/L 5 4 < 1.0 < 1.0 < 1.0
(Mineral oil content)
n-Hexane extract content
mg/L 30 24 < 1.0 < 1.0 < 1.0
(Animal and plant oil and fat content)
Cyanogen mg/L 1 0.8 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1
Cadmium mg/L 0.03 0.024 < 0.003 < 0.003 < 0.003
Total chromium mg/L 2 1.6 < 0.01 < 0.01 < 0.01
Hexavalent chromium mg/L 0.5 0.4 < 0.02 < 0.02 < 0.02
South Plant (Discharged into sewage.)
Item Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average
Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) - 5〜9 5.4〜8.6 8.3 6.8 7.4
Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 600 480 478 1.8 62.3
Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 600 480 95.7 3.2 93.1
n-Hexane extract content
mg/L 5 4 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1
(Mineral oil content)
n-Hexane extract content
mg/L 30 24 9 < 0.1 2.4
(Animal and plant oil and fat content)
Cyanogen mg/L 1 0.8 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1
Cadmium mg/L 0.03 0.024 < 0.003 < 0.003 < 0.003
Total chromium mg/L 2 1.6 < 0.01 < 0.01 < 0.01
Hexavalent chromium mg/L 0.1 0.08 < 0.02 < 0.02 < 0.02
96
[TABLE] Item | Unit | Regulation | Voluntary Standard | Maximum | Minimum | Average
[TABLE] Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) | mg/L | 600 | 480 | 344 | 0.5 | 85
[TABLE] n-Hexane extract content
(Mineral oil content) | mg/L | 5 | 4 | < 1.0 | < 1.0 | < 1.0
[TABLE] n-Hexane extract content
(Animal and plant oil and fat content) | mg/L | 30 | 24 | 22.4 | < 1.0 | 7.7
[TABLE] Fluorine compounds | mg/L | 8 | 6.4 | 1.4 | < 0.2 | 0.3
[TABLE] Cyanogen | mg/L | 1 | 0.8 | < 0.1 | < 0.1 | < 0.1
[TABLE] Cadmium | mg/L | 0.03 | 0.024 | < 0.003 | < 0.003 | < 0.003
[TABLE] Total chromium | mg/L | 2 | 1.6 | 0.09 | < 0.01 | 0.02
[TABLE] Hexavalent chromium | mg/L | 0.1 | 0.08 | < 0.02 | < 0.02 | < 0.02
[TABLE] Item | Unit | Regulation | Voluntary Standard | Maximum | Minimum | Average
[TABLE] Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) | - | 5.8〜8.6 | 6.0〜8.3 | 8.3 | 6.8 | 7.7
[TABLE] Suspended solids (SS) | mg/L | 50 | 40 | 6.4 | < 1.0 | 2.5
[TABLE] Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) | mg/L | 30 | 24 | 8.1 | 0.6 | 1.3
[TABLE] n-Hexane extract content
(Mineral oil content) | mg/L | 5 | 4 | < 1.0 | < 1.0 | < 1.0
[TABLE] n-Hexane extract content
(Animal and plant oil and fat content) | mg/L | 30 | 24 | < 1.0 | < 1.0 | < 1.0
[TABLE] Cyanogen | mg/L | 1 | 0.8 | < 0.1 | < 0.1 | < 0.1
[TABLE] Cadmium | mg/L | 0.03 | 0.024 | < 0.003 | < 0.003 | < 0.003
[TABLE] Total chromium | mg/L | 2 | 1.6 | < 0.01 | < 0.01 | < 0.01
[TABLE] Hexavalent chromium | mg/L | 0.5 | 0.4 | < 0.02 | < 0.02 | < 0.02
[TABLE] Item | Unit | Regulation | Voluntary Standard | Maximum | Minimum | Average
[TABLE] Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) | - | 5〜9 | 5.4〜8.6 | 8.3 | 6.8 | 7.4
[TABLE] Suspended solids (SS) | mg/L | 600 | 480 | 478 | 1.8 | 62.3
[TABLE] Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) | mg/L | 600 | 480 | 95.7 | 3.2 | 93.1
[TABLE] n-Hexane extract content
(Mineral oil content) | mg/L | 5 | 4 | < 0.1 | < 0.1 | < 0.1
[TABLE] n-Hexane extract content
(Animal and plant oil and fat content) | mg/L | 30 | 24 | 9 | < 0.1 | 2.4
[TABLE] Cyanogen | mg/L | 1 | 0.8 | < 0.1 | < 0.1 | < 0.1
[TABLE] Cadmium | mg/L | 0.03 | 0.024 | < 0.003 | < 0.003 | < 0.003
[TABLE] Total chromium | mg/L | 2 | 1.6 | < 0.01 | < 0.01 | < 0.01
[TABLE] Hexavalent chromium | mg/L | 0.1 | 0.08 | < 0.02 | < 0.02 | < 0.02

[PAGE 97]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment Item Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average Item Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) - 5.8~8.6 6.0~8.3 7.9 6.9 7.2 Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 50 40 5.6 1.2 2.5 Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 30 24 12 0.6 1.6 n-Hexane extract content (Mineral oil content) mg/L 5 4 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 Cyanogen mg/L 1 0.8 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 Cadmium mg/L 0.03 0.024 < 0.003 < 0.003 < 0.003 Total chromium mg/L 2 1.6 < 0.01 < 0.01 < 0.01 Hexavalent chromium mg/L 0.5 0.4 < 0.02 < 0.02 < 0.02 2nd South Plant (Discharged into sewage.) Item Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) - 5~9 5.4~8.6 8.3 7.1 7.0 Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 600 480 85 1.2 26.8 Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 600 480 145 1.1 30.5 n-Hexane extract content (Mineral oil content) mg/L 5 4 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 n-Hexane extract content (Animal and plant oil and fat content) mg/L 30 24 4.7 < 1.0 2.0 Fluorine compounds mg/L 8 6.4 0.7 < 0.2 0.2 Cyanogen mg/L 1 0.8 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 Cadmium mg/L 0.03 0.024 < 0.003 < 0.003 < 0.003 Total chromium mg/L 2 1.6 1.1 < 0.01 0.08 Hexavalent chromium mg/L 0.1 0.08 < 0.02 < 0.02 < 0.02 2nd South Plant (Effluent is discharged into public rivers.) Item Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) - 5.8~8.6 6.0~8.3 7.4 6.5 6.9 Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 50 40 2.8 1.6 2.2 Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 30 24 3.9 0.7 1.5 n-Hexane extract content(Mineral oil content) mg/L 5 4 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 Cyanogen mg/L 1 0.8 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 Cadmium mg/L 0.03 0.024 < 0.003 < 0.003 < 0.003 Total chromium mg/L 2 1.6 < 0.01 < 0.01 < 0.01 Hexavalent chromium mg/L 0.5 0.4 < 0.02 < 0.02 < 0.02 South Plant (Effluent is discharged into public rivers.) 97 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmen
Biodiversity | tal
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and
South Plant (Effluent is discharged into public rivers.) | Offices
[TABLE] IItteemm UUnniitt RReegguullaattiioonn VVoolluunnttaarryy SSttaannddaarrdd MMaaxxiimmuumm MMiinniimmuumm AAvveerraaggee
Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) - 5.8〜8.6 6.0〜8.3 7.9 6.9 7.2
Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 50 40 5.6 1.2 2.5
Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 30 24 12 0.6 1.6
n-Hexane extract content
mg/L 5 4 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1
(Mineral oil content)
Cyanogen mg/L 1 0.8 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1
Cadmium mg/L 0.03 0.024 < 0.003 < 0.003 < 0.003
Total chromium mg/L 2 1.6 < 0.01 < 0.01 < 0.01
Hexavalent chromium mg/L 0.5 0.4 < 0.02 < 0.02 < 0.02
2nd South Plant (Discharged into sewage.)
Item Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average
Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) - 5〜9 5.4〜8.6 8.3 7.1 7.0
Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 600 480 85 1.2 26.8
Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 600 480 145 1.1 30.5
n-Hexane extract content
mg/L 5 4 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1
(Mineral oil content)
n-Hexane extract content
mg/L 30 24 4.7 < 1.0 2.0
(Animal and plant oil and fat content)
Fluorine compounds mg/L 8 6.4 0.7 < 0.2 0.2
Cyanogen mg/L 1 0.8 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1
Cadmium mg/L 0.03 0.024 < 0.003 < 0.003 < 0.003
Total chromium mg/L 2 1.6 1.1 < 0.01 0.08
Hexavalent chromium mg/L 0.1 0.08 < 0.02 < 0.02 < 0.02
2nd South Plant (Effluent is discharged into public rivers.)
Item Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average
Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) - 5.8〜8.6 6.0〜8.3 7.4 6.5 6.9
Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 50 40 2.8 1.6 2.2
Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 30 24 3.9 0.7 1.5
n-Hexane extract content(Mineral oil content) mg/L 5 4 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1
Cyanogen mg/L 1 0.8 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1
Cadmium mg/L 0.03 0.024 < 0.003 < 0.003 < 0.003
Total chromium mg/L 2 1.6 < 0.01 < 0.01 < 0.01
Hexavalent chromium mg/L 0.5 0.4 < 0.02 < 0.02 < 0.02
97
[TABLE] IItteemm | UUnniitt | RReegguullaattiioonn | VVoolluunnttaarryy SSttaannddaarrdd | MMaaxxiimmuumm | MMiinniimmuumm | AAvveerraaggee
[TABLE] Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) | - | 5.8〜8.6 | 6.0〜8.3 | 7.9 | 6.9 | 7.2
[TABLE] Suspended solids (SS) | mg/L | 50 | 40 | 5.6 | 1.2 | 2.5
[TABLE] Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) | mg/L | 30 | 24 | 12 | 0.6 | 1.6
[TABLE] n-Hexane extract content
(Mineral oil content) | mg/L | 5 | 4 | < 0.1 | < 0.1 | < 0.1
[TABLE] Cyanogen | mg/L | 1 | 0.8 | < 0.1 | < 0.1 | < 0.1
[TABLE] Cadmium | mg/L | 0.03 | 0.024 | < 0.003 | < 0.003 | < 0.003
[TABLE] Total chromium | mg/L | 2 | 1.6 | < 0.01 | < 0.01 | < 0.01
[TABLE] Hexavalent chromium | mg/L | 0.5 | 0.4 | < 0.02 | < 0.02 | < 0.02
[TABLE] Item | Unit | Regulation | Voluntary Standard | Maximum | Minimum | Average
[TABLE] Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) | - | 5〜9 | 5.4〜8.6 | 8.3 | 7.1 | 7.0
[TABLE] Suspended solids (SS) | mg/L | 600 | 480 | 85 | 1.2 | 26.8
[TABLE] Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) | mg/L | 600 | 480 | 145 | 1.1 | 30.5
[TABLE] n-Hexane extract content
(Mineral oil content) | mg/L | 5 | 4 | < 0.1 | < 0.1 | < 0.1
[TABLE] n-Hexane extract content
(Animal and plant oil and fat content) | mg/L | 30 | 24 | 4.7 | < 1.0 | 2.0
[TABLE] Fluorine compounds | mg/L | 8 | 6.4 | 0.7 | < 0.2 | 0.2
[TABLE] Cyanogen | mg/L | 1 | 0.8 | < 0.1 | < 0.1 | < 0.1
[TABLE] Cadmium | mg/L | 0.03 | 0.024 | < 0.003 | < 0.003 | < 0.003
[TABLE] Total chromium | mg/L | 2 | 1.6 | 1.1 | < 0.01 | 0.08
[TABLE] Hexavalent chromium | mg/L | 0.1 | 0.08 | < 0.02 | < 0.02 | < 0.02
[TABLE] Item | Unit | Regulation | Voluntary Standard | Maximum | Minimum | Average
[TABLE] Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) | - | 5.8〜8.6 | 6.0〜8.3 | 7.4 | 6.5 | 6.9
[TABLE] Suspended solids (SS) | mg/L | 50 | 40 | 2.8 | 1.6 | 2.2
[TABLE] Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) | mg/L | 30 | 24 | 3.9 | 0.7 | 1.5
[TABLE] n-Hexane extract content(Mineral oil content) | mg/L | 5 | 4 | < 0.1 | < 0.1 | < 0.1
[TABLE] Cyanogen | mg/L | 1 | 0.8 | < 0.1 | < 0.1 | < 0.1
[TABLE] Cadmium | mg/L | 0.03 | 0.024 | < 0.003 | < 0.003 | < 0.003
[TABLE] Total chromium | mg/L | 2 | 1.6 | < 0.01 | < 0.01 | < 0.01
[TABLE] Hexavalent chromium | mg/L | 0.5 | 0.4 | < 0.02 | < 0.02 | < 0.02

[PAGE 98]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 25 20 10 1.0 1.6 Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 25 20 18 0.5 2.7 Chemical oxygen demand (COD) mg/L 25 20 15 0.9 4.3 n-Hexane extract content (Mineral oil content) mg/L 2 1.6 < 0.5 < 0.5 < 0.5 Cyanogen mg/L 10 8 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 Cadmium mg/L 0.03 0.024 < 0.005 < 0.005 < 0.005 Total chromium mg/L 2 1.6 < 0.04 < 0.04 < 0.04 Hexavalent chromium mg/L 0.5 0.4 < 0.04 < 0.04 < 0.04 Handa West Plant (Effluent is discharged into public rivers.) Item Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) - 6~8 6~8 7.8 7.0 7.4 Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 15 12 9.0 1.0 2.8 Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 15 12 6.4 1.6 3.1 Chemical oxygen demand (COD) mg/L 15 12 7.1 0.5 5.1 n-Hexane extract content (Mineral oil content) mg/L 2 1.6 < 0.5 < 0.5 < 0.5 Cyanogen mg/L 2 1.6 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 Cadmium mg/L 0.5 0.4 < 0.005 < 0.005 < 0.005 Total chromium mg/L 0.2 0.16 < 0.04 < 0.04 < 0.04 Hexavalent chromium mg/L 0.3 0.3 < 0.04 < 0.04 < 0.04 N o i s e ( N o i s e R e g u l a t i o n A c t , P re f e c t u ra l R e g u l a t i o n s , A g re e m e n t s ) Automotive Business Gunma Plant Measurement Location Unit Regulation (Night) Voluntary Standard Number of Measurement Sites Maximum Main Plant dB(A) 55 54 8 54 Yajima Plant dB(A) 55 54 10 50 Oizumi Plant dB(A) 50 49 10 49 * The Oizumi Plant exceeded regulatory levels due to intermittent noise. We have confirmed that this intermittent noise is no longer occurring. * Handa Plant (Effluent is discharged into public rivers.) Item Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) - 6〜8 6〜8 8.0 6.0 6.9 98 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmen
Biodiversity | tal
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and
Handa Plant (Effluent is discharged into public rivers.) | Offices
[TABLE] Item Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average
Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) - 6〜8 6〜8 8.0 6.0 6.9
Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 25 20 10 1.0 1.6
Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 25 20 18 0.5 2.7
Chemical oxygen demand (COD) mg/L 25 20 15 0.9 4.3
n-Hexane extract content
mg/L 2 1.6 < 0.5 < 0.5 < 0.5
(Mineral oil content)
Cyanogen mg/L 10 8 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1
Cadmium mg/L 0.03 0.024 < 0.005 < 0.005 < 0.005
Total chromium mg/L 2 1.6 < 0.04 < 0.04 < 0.04
Hexavalent chromium mg/L 0.5 0.4 < 0.04 < 0.04 < 0.04
Handa West Plant (Effluent is discharged into public rivers.)
Item Unit Regulation Voluntary Standard Maximum Minimum Average
Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) - 6〜8 6〜8 7.8 7.0 7.4
Suspended solids (SS) mg/L 15 12 9.0 1.0 2.8
Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) mg/L 15 12 6.4 1.6 3.1
Chemical oxygen demand (COD) mg/L 15 12 7.1 0.5 5.1
n-Hexane extract content
mg/L 2 1.6 < 0.5 < 0.5 < 0.5
(Mineral oil content)
Cyanogen mg/L 2 1.6 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1
Cadmium mg/L 0.5 0.4 < 0.005 < 0.005 < 0.005
Total chromium mg/L 0.2 0.16 < 0.04 < 0.04 < 0.04
Hexavalent chromium mg/L 0.3 0.3 < 0.04 < 0.04 < 0.04
[TABLE] Noise (Noise Regulation Act, Prefectural Regulations, Agreements)
Automotive Business
Gunma Plant
Regulation*
Measurement Location Unit Voluntary Standard Number of Measurement Sites Maximum
(Night)
Main Plant dB(A) 55 54 8 54
Yajima Plant dB(A) 55 54 10 50
Oizumi Plant dB(A) 50 49 10 49
* The Oizumi Plant exceeded regulatory levels due to intermittent noise. We have confirmed that this intermittent noise is no longer
occurring.
98
[TABLE] Item | Unit | Regulation | Voluntary Standard | Maximum | Minimum | Average
[TABLE] Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) | - | 6〜8 | 6〜8 | 8.0 | 6.0 | 6.9
[TABLE] Suspended solids (SS) | mg/L | 25 | 20 | 10 | 1.0 | 1.6
[TABLE] Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) | mg/L | 25 | 20 | 18 | 0.5 | 2.7
[TABLE] Chemical oxygen demand (COD) | mg/L | 25 | 20 | 15 | 0.9 | 4.3
[TABLE] n-Hexane extract content
(Mineral oil content) | mg/L | 2 | 1.6 | < 0.5 | < 0.5 | < 0.5
[TABLE] Cyanogen | mg/L | 10 | 8 | < 0.1 | < 0.1 | < 0.1
[TABLE] Cadmium | mg/L | 0.03 | 0.024 | < 0.005 | < 0.005 | < 0.005
[TABLE] Total chromium | mg/L | 2 | 1.6 | < 0.04 | < 0.04 | < 0.04
[TABLE] Hexavalent chromium | mg/L | 0.5 | 0.4 | < 0.04 | < 0.04 | < 0.04
[TABLE] Item | Unit | Regulation | Voluntary Standard | Maximum | Minimum | Average
[TABLE] Hydrogen ion concentration (pH) | - | 6〜8 | 6〜8 | 7.8 | 7.0 | 7.4
[TABLE] Suspended solids (SS) | mg/L | 15 | 12 | 9.0 | 1.0 | 2.8
[TABLE] Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) | mg/L | 15 | 12 | 6.4 | 1.6 | 3.1
[TABLE] Chemical oxygen demand (COD) | mg/L | 15 | 12 | 7.1 | 0.5 | 5.1
[TABLE] n-Hexane extract content
(Mineral oil content) | mg/L | 2 | 1.6 | < 0.5 | < 0.5 | < 0.5
[TABLE] Cyanogen | mg/L | 2 | 1.6 | < 0.1 | < 0.1 | < 0.1
[TABLE] Cadmium | mg/L | 0.5 | 0.4 | < 0.005 | < 0.005 | < 0.005
[TABLE] Total chromium | mg/L | 0.2 | 0.16 | < 0.04 | < 0.04 | < 0.04
[TABLE] Hexavalent chromium | mg/L | 0.3 | 0.3 | < 0.04 | < 0.04 | < 0.04
[TABLE] Measurement Location | Unit | Regulation*
(Night) | Voluntary Standard | Number of Measurement Sites | Maximum
[TABLE] Main Plant | dB(A) | 55 | 54 | 8 | 54
[TABLE] Yajima Plant | dB(A) | 55 | 54 | 10 | 50
[TABLE] Oizumi Plant | dB(A) | 50 | 49 | 10 | 49

[PAGE 99]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment Measurement Location Unit Regulation (Night) Voluntary Standard Number of Measurement Sites Maximum Main Plant dB(A) 60 58 8 49 South Plant dB(A) 50 48 3 38 2nd South Plant dB(A) 50 48 3 42 Handa Plant Measurement Location Unit Regulation (Night) Voluntary Standard Number of Measurement Sites Maximum Handa Plant dB(A) 65 63 3 50 Handa West Plant Measurement Location Unit Regulation (Night) Voluntary Standard Number of Measurement Sites Maximum Handa West Plant dB(A) 65 63 6 46 Kisarazu Office Measurement Location Unit Regulation (Night) Voluntary Standard Number of Measurement Sites Maximum Kisarazu Office dB(Z) 50 48 2 34 V i b ra t i o n ( V i b ra t i o n R e g u l a t i o n A c t , P re f e c t u ra l R e g u l a t i o n s , A g re e m e n t s ) Automotive Business Gunma Plant Measurement Location Unit Regulation (Night) Voluntary Standard Number of Measurement Sites Maximum Main Plant dB(A) 65 64 8 42 Yajima Plant dB(A) 65 64 10 43 Oizumi Plant dB(A) 60 59 10 37 Aerospace Company Utsunomiya Plant 99 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmen
Biodiversity | tal
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and
Aerospace Company | Offices
[TABLE] Utsunomiya Plant
Regulation
Measurement Location Unit Voluntary Standard Number of Measurement Sites Maximum
(Night)
Main Plant dB(A) 60 58 8 49
South Plant dB(A) 50 48 3 38
2nd South Plant dB(A) 50 48 3 42
Handa Plant
Regulation
Measurement Location Unit Voluntary Standard Number of Measurement Sites Maximum
(Night)
Handa Plant dB(A) 65 63 3 50
Handa West Plant
Regulation
Measurement Location Unit Voluntary Standard Number of Measurement Sites Maximum
(Night)
Handa West Plant dB(A) 65 63 6 46
Kisarazu Office
Regulation
Measurement Location Unit Voluntary Standard Number of Measurement Sites Maximum
(Night)
Kisarazu Office dB(Z) 50 48 2 34
[TABLE] Vibration (Vibration Regulation Act, Prefectural Regulations,
Agreements)
Automotive Business
Gunma Plant
Regulation
Measurement Location Unit Voluntary Standard Number of Measurement Sites Maximum
(Night)
Main Plant dB(A) 65 64 8 42
Yajima Plant dB(A) 65 64 10 43
Oizumi Plant dB(A) 60 59 10 37
99
[TABLE] Measurement Location | Unit | Regulation
(Night) | Voluntary Standard | Number of Measurement Sites | Maximum
[TABLE] Main Plant | dB(A) | 60 | 58 | 8 | 49
[TABLE] South Plant | dB(A) | 50 | 48 | 3 | 38
[TABLE] 2nd South Plant | dB(A) | 50 | 48 | 3 | 42
[TABLE] Measurement Location | Unit | Regulation
(Night) | Voluntary Standard | Number of Measurement Sites | Maximum
[TABLE] Handa Plant | dB(A) | 65 | 63 | 3 | 50
[TABLE] Measurement Location | Unit | Regulation
(Night) | Voluntary Standard | Number of Measurement Sites | Maximum
[TABLE] Handa West Plant | dB(A) | 65 | 63 | 6 | 46
[TABLE] Measurement Location | Unit | Regulation
(Night) | Voluntary Standard | Number of Measurement Sites | Maximum
[TABLE] Kisarazu Office | dB(Z) | 50 | 48 | 2 | 34
[TABLE] Measurement Location | Unit | Regulation
(Night) | Voluntary Standard | Number of Measurement Sites | Maximum
[TABLE] Main Plant | dB(A) | 65 | 64 | 8 | 42
[TABLE] Yajima Plant | dB(A) | 65 | 64 | 10 | 43
[TABLE] Oizumi Plant | dB(A) | 60 | 59 | 10 | 37

[PAGE 100]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment Handa Plant and Handa West Plant Measurement Location Unit Regulation (Night) Voluntary Standard Number of Measurement Sites Maximum Handa Plant dB(Z) 70 68 3 <32 Handa West Plant dB(Z) 70 68 5 <30 Kisarazu Office Measurement Location Unit Regulation (Night) Voluntary Standard Number of Measurement Sites Maximum Kisarazu Office dB(Z) 55 53 2 <30 O d o r ( O f f e n s i v e O d o r C o n t ro l A c t ) Automotive Business Gunma Plant Measurement Location Regulation Voluntary Standard Number of Measurement Sites Maximum Main Plant 21 20 6 <10 Yajima Plant 21 20 8 <10 Oizumi Plant 21 20 6 <10 [Odor index] C h e m i c a l S u b s t a n c e s S u b j e c t t o J a p a n’s P o l l u t a n t R e l e a s e a n d Tra n s f e r R e g i s t e r ( PRTR ) S y s t e m : A m o u n t H a n d l e d a n d E m i s s i o n s Automotive Business Gunma Plant (Main Plant, Yajima Plant, Oizumi Plant, Subaru Test & Development Center (SKC)) Chemical Substance Amount Handled Emissions Amount Transferred Amount Consumed Amount Removed through Processing Amount Recycled Atmosphere Water Sewer Waste Water-soluble zinc compounds 10,268 0 147 0 0 10,121 0 0 Ethylbenzene 336,575 182,098 0 0 0 30,432 45,731 78,314 Xylene 413,747 170,729 0 0 0 127,537 63,085 52,396 Aerospace Company Utsunomiya Plant Measurement Location Unit Regulation (Night) Voluntary Standard Number of Measurement Sites Maximum Main Plant dB(Z) 65 63 8 32 South Plant dB(Z) 60 58 2 <30 2nd South Plant dB(Z) 60 58 3 <30 100 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmen
Biodiversity | tal
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and
Aerospace Company | Offices
[TABLE] Utsunomiya Plant
Regulation
Measurement Location Unit Voluntary Standard Number of Measurement Sites Maximum
(Night)
Main Plant dB(Z) 65 63 8 32
South Plant dB(Z) 60 58 2 <30
2nd South Plant dB(Z) 60 58 3 <30
Handa Plant and Handa West Plant
Regulation
Measurement Location Unit Voluntary Standard Number of Measurement Sites Maximum
(Night)
Handa Plant dB(Z) 70 68 3 <32
Handa West Plant dB(Z) 70 68 5 <30
Kisarazu Office
Regulation
Measurement Location Unit Voluntary Standard Number of Measurement Sites Maximum
(Night)
Kisarazu Office dB(Z) 55 53 2 <30
[TABLE] Odor (Offensive Odor Control Act)
Automotive Business
Gunma Plant
Measurement Location Regulation Voluntary Standard Number of Measurement Sites Maximum
Main Plant 21 20 6 <10
Yajima Plant 21 20 8 <10
Oizumi Plant 21 20 6 <10
[Odor index]
[TABLE] Chemical Substances Subject to Japan’s Pollutant Release and
Transfer Register (PRTR) System: Amount Handled and Emissions
Automotive Business
Gunma Plant (Main Plant, Yajima Plant, Oizumi Plant, Subaru Test & Development Center (SKC))
Amount
Emissions
Amount Transferred Amount Amount Removed Amount
Chemical Substance
Handled Consumed through Processing Recycled
Atmosphere Water Sewer Waste
Water-soluble zinc
10,268 0 147 0 0 10,121 0 0
compounds
Ethylbenzene 336,575 182,098 0 0 0 30,432 45,731 78,314
Xylene 413,747 170,729 0 0 0 127,537 63,085 52,396
100
[TABLE] Measurement Location | Unit | Regulation
(Night) | Voluntary Standard | Number of Measurement Sites | Maximum
[TABLE] Main Plant | dB(Z) | 65 | 63 | 8 | 32
[TABLE] South Plant | dB(Z) | 60 | 58 | 2 | <30
[TABLE] 2nd South Plant | dB(Z) | 60 | 58 | 3 | <30
[TABLE] Measurement Location | Unit | Regulation
(Night) | Voluntary Standard | Number of Measurement Sites | Maximum
[TABLE] Handa Plant | dB(Z) | 70 | 68 | 3 | <32
[TABLE] Handa West Plant | dB(Z) | 70 | 68 | 5 | <30
[TABLE] Measurement Location | Unit | Regulation
(Night) | Voluntary Standard | Number of Measurement Sites | Maximum
[TABLE] Kisarazu Office | dB(Z) | 55 | 53 | 2 | <30
[TABLE] Measurement Location | Regulation | Voluntary Standard | Number of Measurement Sites | Maximum
[TABLE] Main Plant | 21 | 20 | 6 | <10
[TABLE] Yajima Plant | 21 | 20 | 8 | <10
[TABLE] Oizumi Plant | 21 | 20 | 6 | <10
[TABLE] Chemical Substance | Amount
Handled | Emissions | Amount
Transferred | Amount
Consumed | Amount Removed
through Processing | Amount
Recycled
[TABLE] Atmosphere | Water | Sewer | Waste
[TABLE] Water-soluble zinc
compounds | 10,268 | 0 | 147 | 0 | 0 | 10,121 | 0 | 0
[TABLE] Ethylbenzene | 336,575 | 182,098 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 30,432 | 45,731 | 78,314
[TABLE] Xylene | 413,747 | 170,729 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 127,537 | 63,085 | 52,396

[PAGE 101]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment Chemical Substance Amount Handled Emissions Amount Transferred Amount Consumed Amount Removed through Processing Amount Recycled Atmosphere Water Sewer Waste Naphthalene 7,466 5,080 0 0 0 0 1,355 1,031 Nickel compounds 612 0 17 0 290 306 0 0 Bis(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate 4,965 0 0 0 96 4,868 0 0 Hydrogen fluoride and its water-soluble salts 5,160 0 4,696 0 0 464 0 0 n-Hexane 89,727 301 0 0 0 89,426 0 0 Benzene 15,897 53 0 0 0 15,843 0 0 Formaldehyde 9,337 4,380 0 0 1,209 0 2,035 1,712 Manganese and its compounds 4,040 0 106 0 1,864 2,071 0 0 Dioxins Unit: mg-TEQ/year 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Cumene 1,696 1,046 0 0 0 0 402 248 Methylnaphthalene 8,813 46 0 0 0 8,767 0 0 Total 1,662,985 549,401 4,965 0 3,459 755,843 162,255 187,062 554,366 [Unit: kg/year, excluding dioxins (mg-TEQ/year)] Tokyo Office Chemical Substance Amount Handled Emissions Amount Transferred Amount Consumed Amount Removed through Processing Amount Recycled Atmosphere Water Sewer Waste Ethylbenzene 11,401 0.12 0 0 536 0 0 0 Ethylene glycol 2,002 0 0 0 0 0 0 Xylene 49,650 0.47 0 0 2,321 0 0 0 1.3.5- Trimethylbenzene 7,702 0.02 0 0 536 0 0 0 Toluene 185,605 5.76 0 0 10,714 0 0 0 1.2.4- Trimethylbenzene 37,626 0.13 0 0 1,920 0 0 0 Benzene 6,329 0.72 0 0 268 0 0 0 n-Hexane 20,563 5.38 0 0 446 0 0 0 Total 320,878 12.60 0 0 16,740 0 0 0 12.60 [ Un i t : k g / y e a r ] 1,2,4-Trimethylbenzene 206,182 1,020 0 0 0 205,163 0 0 1,3,5-Trimethylbenzene 22,387 12,746 0 0 0 1,357 4,918 3,366 Toluene 526,112 171,900 0 0 0 259,486 44,730 49,995 101 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmen
Biodiversity | tal
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and
Amount | Offices
[TABLE] Emissions
Amount Transferred Amount Amount Removed Amount
Chemical Substance
Handled Consumed through Processing Recycled
Atmosphere Water Sewer Waste
1,2,4-Trimethylbenzene 206,182 1,020 0 0 0 205,163 0 0
1,3,5-Trimethylbenzene 22,387 12,746 0 0 0 1,357 4,918 3,366
Toluene 526,112 171,900 0 0 0 259,486 44,730 49,995
Naphthalene 7,466 5,080 0 0 0 0 1,355 1,031
Nickel compounds 612 0 17 0 290 306 0 0
Bis(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate 4,965 0 0 0 96 4,868 0 0
Hydrogen fluoride and its
5,160 0 4,696 0 0 464 0 0
water-soluble salts
n-Hexane 89,727 301 0 0 0 89,426 0 0
Benzene 15,897 53 0 0 0 15,843 0 0
Formaldehyde 9,337 4,380 0 0 1,209 0 2,035 1,712
Manganese and its
4,040 0 106 0 1,864 2,071 0 0
compounds
Dioxins
0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Unit: mg-TEQ/year
Cumene 1,696 1,046 0 0 0 0 402 248
Methylnaphthalene 8,813 46 0 0 0 8,767 0 0
549,401 4,965
Total 1,662,985 0 3,459 755,843 162,255 187,062
554,366
[Unit: kg/year, excluding dioxins (mg-TEQ/year)]
Tokyo Office
Amount
Emissions
Chemical Amount Transferred Amount Amount Removed Amount
Substance Handled Consumed through Processing Recycled
Atmosphere Water Sewer Waste
Ethylbenzene 11,401 0.12 0 0 536 0 0 0
Ethylene glycol 2,002 0 0 0 0 0 0
Xylene 49,650 0.47 0 0 2,321 0 0 0
1.3.5-
7,702 0.02 0 0 536 0 0 0
Trimethylbenzene
Toluene 185,605 5.76 0 0 10,714 0 0 0
1.2.4-
37,626 0.13 0 0 1,920 0 0 0
Trimethylbenzene
Benzene 6,329 0.72 0 0 268 0 0 0
n-Hexane 20,563 5.38 0 0 446 0 0 0
12.60 0
Total 320,878 0 16,740 0 0 0
12.60
[(cid:32)Un(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32): k(cid:32)g(cid:32)/(cid:32)y(cid:32)e(cid:32)a(cid:32)r(cid:32)](cid:32)
101
[TABLE] Amount
[TABLE] Chemical Substance | Amount
Handled | Emissions | Transferred | Amount
Consumed | Amount Removed
through Processing | Amount
Recycled
[TABLE] Atmosphere | Water | Sewer | Waste
[TABLE] 1,2,4-Trimethylbenzene | 206,182 | 1,020 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 205,163 | 0 | 0
[TABLE] 1,3,5-Trimethylbenzene | 22,387 | 12,746 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1,357 | 4,918 | 3,366
[TABLE] Toluene | 526,112 | 171,900 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 259,486 | 44,730 | 49,995
[TABLE] Naphthalene | 7,466 | 5,080 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1,355 | 1,031
[TABLE] Nickel compounds | 612 | 0 | 17 | 0 | 290 | 306 | 0 | 0
[TABLE] Bis(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate | 4,965 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 96 | 4,868 | 0 | 0
[TABLE] Hydrogen fluoride and its
water-soluble salts | 5,160 | 0 | 4,696 | 0 | 0 | 464 | 0 | 0
[TABLE] n-Hexane | 89,727 | 301 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 89,426 | 0 | 0
[TABLE] Benzene | 15,897 | 53 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 15,843 | 0 | 0
[TABLE] Formaldehyde | 9,337 | 4,380 | 0 | 0 | 1,209 | 0 | 2,035 | 1,712
[TABLE] Manganese and its
compounds | 4,040 | 0 | 106 | 0 | 1,864 | 2,071 | 0 | 0
[TABLE] Dioxins
Unit: mg-TEQ/year | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0
[TABLE] Cumene | 1,696 | 1,046 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 402 | 248
[TABLE] Methylnaphthalene | 8,813 | 46 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 8,767 | 0 | 0
[TABLE] Total | 1,662,985 | 549,401 | 4,965 | 0 | 3,459 | 755,843 | 162,255 | 187,062
[TABLE] 554,366
[TABLE] Chemical
Substance | Amount
Handled | Emissions | Amount
Transferred | Amount
Consumed | Amount Removed
through Processing | Amount
Recycled
[TABLE] Atmosphere | Water | Sewer | Waste
[TABLE] Ethylbenzene | 11,401 | 0.12 | 0 | 0 | 536 | 0 | 0 | 0
[TABLE] Ethylene glycol | 2,002 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0
[TABLE] Xylene | 49,650 | 0.47 | 0 | 0 | 2,321 | 0 | 0 | 0
[TABLE] 1.3.5-
Trimethylbenzene | 7,702 | 0.02 | 0 | 0 | 536 | 0 | 0 | 0
[TABLE] Toluene | 185,605 | 5.76 | 0 | 0 | 10,714 | 0 | 0 | 0
[TABLE] 1.2.4-
Trimethylbenzene | 37,626 | 0.13 | 0 | 0 | 1,920 | 0 | 0 | 0
[TABLE] Benzene | 6,329 | 0.72 | 0 | 0 | 268 | 0 | 0 | 0
[TABLE] n-Hexane | 20,563 | 5.38 | 0 | 0 | 446 | 0 | 0 | 0
[TABLE] Total | 320,878 | 12.60 | 0 | 0 | 16,740 | 0 | 0 | 0
[TABLE] 12.60

[PAGE 102]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Environmental Management Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Climate Change Resource Recycling Water Resources Biodiversity Prevention of Pollution FYE March 2022 Environmental Performance Data for Plants and Offices Environment Chemical Substance Amount Handled Emissions Amount Transferred Amount Consumed Amount Removed through Processing Amount Recycled Atmosphere Water Sewer Waste Toluene 22,527 5,412 0 0 1,521 15,594 0 Xylene 2,031 218 0 0 71 1,742 0 Total 24,558 5,630 0 0 1,592 17,336 0 0 [Unit: kg/year] Aerospace Company 102 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
from the CEO Sustainability | EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Social Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Enviro | nmental Environmentally Climate Resource Water Prevention FYE March 2022 Environmen
Biodiversity | tal
[TABLE] Mana | gement Friendly Automobiles Change Recycling Resources of Pollution Performance Data for Plants and
Aerospace Company | Offices
[TABLE] Amount
Emissions
Chemical Amount Transferred Amount Amount Removed through Amount
Substance Handled Consumed Processing Recycled
Atmosphere Water Sewer Waste
Toluene 22,527 5,412 0 0 1,521 15,594 0
Xylene 2,031 218 0 0 71 1,742 0
Total 24,558 5,630 0 0 1,592 17,336 0 0
[Unit: kg/year]
102 | Amount
Emissions
Chemical Amount Transferred Amount Amount Removed through Amount
Substance Handled Consumed Processing Recycled
Atmosphere Water Sewer Waste
Toluene 22,527 5,412 0 0 1,521 15,594 0
Xylene 2,031 218 0 0 71 1,742 0
Total 24,558 5,630 0 0 1,592 17,336 0 0
[Unit: kg/year]
[TABLE] Chemical
Substance | Amount
Handled | Emissions | Amount
Transferred | Amount
Consumed | Amount Removed through
Processing | Amount
Recycled
[TABLE] Atmosphere | Water | Sewer | Waste
[TABLE] Toluene | 22,527 | 5,412 | 0 | 0 | 1,521 | 15,594 | 0
[TABLE] Xylene | 2,031 | 218 | 0 | 0 | 71 | 1,742 | 0
[TABLE] Total | 24,558 | 5,630 | 0 | 0 | 1,592 | 17,336 | 0 | 0

[PAGE 103]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Social Social Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement 103 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Social
104 Respect for Human Rights
109 Quality: Automotive Business
115 Quality: Aerospace Business
118 Making Safe Vehicles
128 Human Resources
151 Customers
156 CSR Procurement
162 Community Engagement
103

[PAGE 104]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Social Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Our Approach The SUBARU Group puts people first and engages in people-oriented manufacturing. Based on the belief that respect for the rights and characteristics of individuals is an important management issue for SUBARU, the SUBARU Group established its Human Rights Policy in April 2020. In this policy, the Group respects the human rights stipulated in international norms such as the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR), International Bill on Human Rights, and the ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. It also applies to SUBARU CORPORATION and all its subsidiaries, as well as to business partners, including those in the supply chain, and other stakeholders. The policy states that we do not tolerate any discrimination based on race, age, sex, gender identification or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ethnicity, religion, creed, profession, disability, family relations, or any other status protected by applicable law. This policy was formulated with full consideration to stakeholders’ expectations, incorporating discussions with outside experts and overseas subsidiaries. It was officially established after approval by the second meeting of the CSR Committee for FYE March 2020 and reported to the Board of Directors in March 2020. This policy is run globally and appropriately, being ready to address future environmental changes. If a company commits an act where human rights issues arise, it not only results in loss of trust from customers but also damages brand image, significantly affecting the business foundation. Therefore, SUBARU recognizes respecting human rights as a risk related to its industry and business operations. Human Rights Policy Principle of Respect for Human Rights The SUBARU Group, through its automotive and aerospace businesses, puts people first and engages in people- oriented manufacturing. The Group considers respect for the rights and characteristics of individuals as an important management issue for SUBARU. Based on this policy, the SUBARU Group clarifies its responsibilities to respect human rights based on the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. 1. Compliance with Laws and Regulations to Respect Human Rights (Scope and Management Structure) (Related Laws and International Norms) 2. Implementation of Human Rights Due Diligence (Response to Human Rights Risks) (Corrective Actions) (Training) Respect for Human Rights This policy applies to the SUBARU Group worldwide―SUBARU CORPORATION and its all subsidiaries, expects and encourages our business partners and other stakeholders associated with our operations, including those in the supply chain, to respect human rights in accordance with this policy. To realize these goals, we have appointed the Representative Director, President and CEO as a director who is responsible for leading the process of developing this policy and assigning resources as needed for its implementation and continued improvement. ・ We will comply with the relevant laws and regulations of each country, and respect the human rights stipulated in international norms such as The Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR), International Bill on Human Rights (International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, and International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights), and the ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. If the standards set forth in the international norms exceed those set forth in applicable law, we will aim to adhere to the international norms. ・ We will identify potential or actual human rights risks linked to our business and establish and continuously operate mechanisms to prevent or mitigate such risks. ・ We will strive to remedy any adverse human rights impact that we have caused or are involved in. We will also establish and maintain our grievance mechanism to do so. ・ To ensure that this policy is understood and practiced by all the members of the SUBARU Group, we conduct regular training and awareness-raising programs for executives, employees, and other stakeholders to respect human rights. ・ 104 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Respect for Human Rights
[TABLE] Respect for Human Rights
[TABLE] Our Approach
The SUBARU Group puts people first and engages in people-oriented manufacturing. Based on the belief that respect for the
rights and characteristics of individuals is an important management issue for SUBARU, the SUBARU Group established its
Human Rights Policy in April 2020. In this policy, the Group respects the human rights stipulated in international norms such
as the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR), International Bill on Human Rights, and the ILO Declaration on
Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. It also applies to SUBARU CORPORATION and all its subsidiaries, as well as to
business partners, including those in the supply chain, and other stakeholders. The policy states that we do not tolerate any
discrimination based on race, age, sex, gender identification or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ethnicity,
religion, creed, profession, disability, family relations, or any other status protected by applicable law.
This policy was formulated with full consideration to stakeholders’ expectations, incorporating discussions with outside
experts and overseas subsidiaries. It was officially established after approval by the second meeting of the CSR Committee
for FYE March 2020 and reported to the Board of Directors in March 2020. This policy is run globally and appropriately, being
ready to address future environmental changes.
If a company commits an act where human rights issues arise, it not only results in loss of trust from customers but also
damages brand image, significantly affecting the business foundation. Therefore, SUBARU recognizes respecting human
rights as a risk related to its industry and business operations.
Human Rights Policy
Principle of Respect for Human Rights
The SUBARU Group, through its automotive and aerospace businesses, puts people first and engages in people-
oriented manufacturing.
The Group considers respect for the rights and characteristics of individuals as an important management issue for
SUBARU. Based on this policy, the SUBARU Group clarifies its responsibilities to respect human rights based on the
United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.
1. Compliance with Laws and Regulations to Respect Human Rights
(Scope and Management Structure)
・This policy applies to the SUBARU Group worldwide―SUBARU CORPORATION and its all subsidiaries, expects and
encourages our business partners and other stakeholders associated with our operations, including those in the
supply chain, to respect human rights in accordance with this policy. To realize these goals, we have appointed the
Representative Director, President and CEO as a director who is responsible for leading the process of developing
this policy and assigning resources as needed for its implementation and continued improvement.
(Related Laws and International Norms)
・We will comply with the relevant laws and regulations of each country, and respect the human rights stipulated in
international norms such as The Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR), International Bill on Human Rights
(International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, and International Covenant on Civil and Political
Rights), and the ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. If the standards set forth in the
international norms exceed those set forth in applicable law, we will aim to adhere to the international norms.
2. Implementation of Human Rights Due Diligence
(Response to Human Rights Risks)
・We will identify potential or actual human rights risks linked to our business and establish and continuously
operate mechanisms to prevent or mitigate such risks.
(Corrective Actions)
・We will strive to remedy any adverse human rights impact that we have caused or are involved in. We will also
establish and maintain our grievance mechanism to do so.
(Training)
・To ensure that this policy is understood and practiced by all the members of the SUBARU Group, we conduct regular
training and awareness-raising programs for executives, employees, and other stakeholders to respect human
rights.
104
[TABLE] Human Rights Policy
Principle of Respect for Human Rights
The SUBARU Group, through its automotive and aerospace businesses, puts people first and engages in people-
oriented manufacturing.
The Group considers respect for the rights and characteristics of individuals as an important management issue for
SUBARU. Based on this policy, the SUBARU Group clarifies its responsibilities to respect human rights based on the
United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.
1. Compliance with Laws and Regulations to Respect Human Rights
(Scope and Management Structure)
・This policy applies to the SUBARU Group worldwide―SUBARU CORPORATION and its all subsidiaries, expects and
encourages our business partners and other stakeholders associated with our operations, including those in the
supply chain, to respect human rights in accordance with this policy. To realize these goals, we have appointed the
Representative Director, President and CEO as a director who is responsible for leading the process of developing
this policy and assigning resources as needed for its implementation and continued improvement.
(Related Laws and International Norms)
・We will comply with the relevant laws and regulations of each country, and respect the human rights stipulated in
international norms such as The Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR), International Bill on Human Rights
(International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, and International Covenant on Civil and Political
Rights), and the ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. If the standards set forth in the
international norms exceed those set forth in applicable law, we will aim to adhere to the international norms.
2. Implementation of Human Rights Due Diligence
(Response to Human Rights Risks)
・We will identify potential or actual human rights risks linked to our business and establish and continuously
operate mechanisms to prevent or mitigate such risks.
(Corrective Actions)
・We will strive to remedy any adverse human rights impact that we have caused or are involved in. We will also
establish and maintain our grievance mechanism to do so.
(Training)
・To ensure that this policy is understood and practiced by all the members of the SUBARU Group, we conduct regular
training and awareness-raising programs for executives, employees, and other stakeholders to respect human
rights.
104

[PAGE 105]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Social Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement (Dialogue and Consultation) (Information Disclosure) Revised in March 2022 Human Rights Policy Appendix Priority Human Rights Issues in SUBARU Group’s Businesses The SUBARU Group’s manufacturing is supported not only by our own factories, but also by an extremely large number of people working in the multilayered supply chains. We also have contact with a variety of people in areas such as marketing, sales, and after-sales service through distributors and dealerships all over the world. In order to respect human rights, and the numerous irreplaceable lives of all those involved in the SUBARU Group, we will actively address the following as priority issues identified so far. We will regularly review the priority issues in this Appendix based on changes in social demands, including laws and regulations, technical progress, and the business operations of the SUBARU Group. (Respect for Rights to Human Life and Property) (Respect for Individuals, Diversity and Inclusion) (Zero Tolerance for Discrimination and Harassment) (Respect for the Workers’ Rights in SUBARU Group and Encouraging Our Supply Chains) (Respect for the Rights of Vulnerable People in Local Communities) We engage in dialogue and consultation with relevant stakeholders in order to improve our commitment to respect for human rights. ・ We will annually report on our commitments and the actions we have taken to respect and promote human rights pursuant to this policy. ・ In order to protect the basic rights of people and their families who interact with SUBARU Group’s products and services, such as drivers, passengers, and pedestrians, we aim to eliminate all traffic accident deaths that involve SUBARU vehicles. ・ We will promote the humanitarian use of the SUBARU Group’s various products and services, including disaster relief, and strive to avoid nonhumane use. ・ We value the unique characteristics of our employees, our business partners, and the members of the communities in which we operate and strive to create an environment of diversity and inclusion. ・ We will conduct our business activities with full respect for privacy, including protecting the personal information of not only our customers and employees, but also those involved with the SUBARU Group. ・ We do not tolerate any discrimination based on race, age, sex, gender identification or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ethnicity, religion, creed, profession, disability, family relations, or any other status protected by applicable law among all persons involved in the SUBARU Group. Moreover, we do not tolerate any harassment that harms human dignity. ・ We will carefully consider potential human rights risks in our marketing and other communication activities, and do not tolerate expressions that are discriminatory or may adversely affect children. ・ We do not tolerate child labor, forced labor, slave labor, and human trafficking. ・ We do not expose young workers to hazardous work. ・ We will give due consideration to the human rights of foreign workers and migrant workers. ・ We respect freedom of association and the right to collective bargaining, which are fundamental workers’ rights. We are committed to engagement with employees to ensure a positive working environment. ・ We will maintain a worthwhile, safe, and hygienic working environment. ・ In order to promote the well-being of workers, we will pay appropriate wages more than the minimum and living wages, and manage working hours appropriately. ・ We expect and encourage our supply chains to respect the rights of workers. ・ We engage in responsible procurement practices including those related to conflict minerals. ・ We will give special consideration to respect for the human rights of women, children, people with disabilities, social minorities, ethnic minorities, indigenous peoples, and other vulnerable groups. ・ 105 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Mes | sage on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBA
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustain | RU C
abilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Resp | ect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Commu
Customers | nity
[TABLE] Huma | n Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engage | ment
[TABLE] (Dialogue and Consultation)
・We engage in dialogue and consultation with relevant stakeholders in order to improve our commitment to respect
for human rights.
(Information Disclosure)
・We will annually report on our commitments and the actions we have taken to respect and promote human rights
pursuant to this policy.
Revised in March 2022
Human Rights Policy Appendix
Priority Human Rights Issues in SUBARU Group’s Businesses
The SUBARU Group’s manufacturing is supported not only by our own factories, but also by an extremely large
number of people working in the multilayered supply chains. We also have contact with a variety of people in areas
such as marketing, sales, and after-sales service through distributors and dealerships all over the world. In order to
respect human rights, and the numerous irreplaceable lives of all those involved in the SUBARU Group, we will
actively address the following as priority issues identified so far.
We will regularly review the priority issues in this Appendix based on changes in social demands, including laws and
regulations, technical progress, and the business operations of the SUBARU Group.
(Respect for Rights to Human Life and Property)
・In order to protect the basic rights of people and their families who interact with SUBARU Group’s products and
services, such as drivers, passengers, and pedestrians, we aim to eliminate all traffic accident deaths that involve
SUBARU vehicles.
・We will promote the humanitarian use of the SUBARU Group’s various products and services, including disaster
relief, and strive to avoid nonhumane use.
(Respect for Individuals, Diversity and Inclusion)
・We value the unique characteristics of our employees, our business partners, and the members of the communities
in which we operate and strive to create an environment of diversity and inclusion.
・We will conduct our business activities with full respect for privacy, including protecting the personal information
of not only our customers and employees, but also those involved with the SUBARU Group.
(Zero Tolerance for Discrimination and Harassment)
・We do not tolerate any discrimination based on race, age, sex, gender identification or expression, sexual
orientation, national origin, ethnicity, religion, creed, profession, disability, family relations, or any other status
protected by applicable law among all persons involved in the SUBARU Group. Moreover, we do not tolerate any
harassment that harms human dignity.
・We will carefully consider potential human rights risks in our marketing and other communication activities, and do
not tolerate expressions that are discriminatory or may adversely affect children.
(Respect for the Workers’ Rights in SUBARU Group and Encouraging Our Supply Chains)
・We do not tolerate child labor, forced labor, slave labor, and human trafficking.
・We do not expose young workers to hazardous work.
・We will give due consideration to the human rights of foreign workers and migrant workers.
・We respect freedom of association and the right to collective bargaining, which are fundamental workers’ rights.
We are committed to engagement with employees to ensure a positive working environment.
・We will maintain a worthwhile, safe, and hygienic working environment.
・In order to promote the well-being of workers, we will pay appropriate wages more than the minimum and living
wages, and manage working hours appropriately.
・We expect and encourage our supply chains to respect the rights of workers.
(Respect for the Rights of Vulnerable People in Local Communities)
・We engage in responsible procurement practices including those related to conflict minerals.
・We will give special consideration to respect for the human rights of women, children, people with disabilities,
social minorities, ethnic minorities, indigenous peoples, and other vulnerable groups.
105 | (Dialogue and Consultation)
・We engage in dialogue and consultation with relevant stakeholders in order to improve our commitment to respect
for human rights.
(Information Disclosure)
・We will annually report on our commitments and the actions we have taken to respect and promote human rights
pursuant to this policy.
[TABLE] Human Rights Policy Appendix
Priority Human Rights Issues in SUBARU Group’s Businesses
The SUBARU Group’s manufacturing is supported not only by our own factories, but also by an extremely large
number of people working in the multilayered supply chains. We also have contact with a variety of people in areas
such as marketing, sales, and after-sales service through distributors and dealerships all over the world. In order to
respect human rights, and the numerous irreplaceable lives of all those involved in the SUBARU Group, we will
actively address the following as priority issues identified so far.
We will regularly review the priority issues in this Appendix based on changes in social demands, including laws and
regulations, technical progress, and the business operations of the SUBARU Group.
(Respect for Rights to Human Life and Property)
・In order to protect the basic rights of people and their families who interact with SUBARU Group’s products and
services, such as drivers, passengers, and pedestrians, we aim to eliminate all traffic accident deaths that involve
SUBARU vehicles.
・We will promote the humanitarian use of the SUBARU Group’s various products and services, including disaster
relief, and strive to avoid nonhumane use.
(Respect for Individuals, Diversity and Inclusion)
・We value the unique characteristics of our employees, our business partners, and the members of the communities
in which we operate and strive to create an environment of diversity and inclusion.
・We will conduct our business activities with full respect for privacy, including protecting the personal information
of not only our customers and employees, but also those involved with the SUBARU Group.
(Zero Tolerance for Discrimination and Harassment)
・We do not tolerate any discrimination based on race, age, sex, gender identification or expression, sexual
orientation, national origin, ethnicity, religion, creed, profession, disability, family relations, or any other status
protected by applicable law among all persons involved in the SUBARU Group. Moreover, we do not tolerate any
harassment that harms human dignity.
・We will carefully consider potential human rights risks in our marketing and other communication activities, and do
not tolerate expressions that are discriminatory or may adversely affect children.
(Respect for the Workers’ Rights in SUBARU Group and Encouraging Our Supply Chains)
・We do not tolerate child labor, forced labor, slave labor, and human trafficking.
・We do not expose young workers to hazardous work.
・We will give due consideration to the human rights of foreign workers and migrant workers.
・We respect freedom of association and the right to collective bargaining, which are fundamental workers’ rights.
We are committed to engagement with employees to ensure a positive working environment.
・We will maintain a worthwhile, safe, and hygienic working environment.
・In order to promote the well-being of workers, we will pay appropriate wages more than the minimum and living
wages, and manage working hours appropriately.
・We expect and encourage our supply chains to respect the rights of workers.
(Respect for the Rights of Vulnerable People in Local Communities)
・We engage in responsible procurement practices including those related to conflict minerals.
・We will give special consideration to respect for the human rights of women, children, people with disabilities,
social minorities, ethnic minorities, indigenous peoples, and other vulnerable groups.
105

[PAGE 106]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Social Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement (Contributions to Respect for Human Rights) Established in April 2020 SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines M a n a g e m e n t S y s t e m We have appointed the Representative Director, President and CEO as a director who is responsible for leading the process of developing the policy and assigning resources as needed for its implementation and continued improvement. Specifically, at the Sustainability Committee, chaired by the Representative Director, President and CEO, we regularly hold discussions on global human rights issues and initiatives, monitoring impact on the SUBARU Group’s business. The results of these discussions are used in submissions and reports to the Board of Directors in order to take appropriate measures. * Renamed in FYE March 2022 from the CSR Committee. I n i t i a t i ve s Based on the belief that respect for the rights and characteristics of individuals is an important management issue for SUBARU, the CSR Committee decided to form the Human Rights Task Team in March 2019. The team was created in April 2019 and is comprised of members from the Human Resources Department, IR Department, Sustainability Promotion Department, and Procurement Planning Department . As a result of multiple discussions with outside experts and specialists, the Task Team formulated the Human Rights Policy in April 2020. It sets forth that the SUBARU Group’s universal sense of purpose in acting for the good of people not only applies to our customers and employees but also extends across the entire value chain. Based on the Human Rights Policy, the SUBARU Group, in order to fulfill its social responsibility in its global business activities, will respect the human rights of all stakeholders and continue managing its operations in line with respect for human rights, working to prevent and mitigate potential negative impacts on human rights. * Renamed the Global Purchasing Planning Department in October 2020. Activities to Raise Awareness of Human Rights We have been conducting SUBARU’s new employee training and manager training on the theme of diversity. Since FYE March 2021, we have held seminars with the purpose of helping employees obtain knowledge about business and human rights. In FYE March 2022, we held sessions for all SUBARU employees. All participants responded that they gained an understanding or a strong understanding. Seminars on business and human rights Eligible participants Program period FYE March 2021 SUBARU human resource departments’ manager-class employees September 2020 All SUBARU procurement departments’ employees September 2020 FYE March 2022 All SUBARU executives January 2022 We will actively contribute to human rights protection worldwide through the SUBARU Group’s corporate citizenship activities. ・ * * 106 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Mes | sage on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBA
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustai | RU C
nabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Resp | ect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Commu
Customers | nity
[TABLE] Huma | n Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engage | ment
[TABLE] (Contributions to Respect for Human Rights)
・We will actively contribute to human rights protection worldwide through the SUBARU Group’s corporate citizenship
activities.
Established in April 2020
SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines | (Contributions to Respect for Human Rights)
・We will actively contribute to human rights protection worldwide through the SUBARU Group’s corporate citizenship
activities.
[TABLE] Management System
We have appointed the Representative Director, President and CEO as a director who is responsible for leading the process of
developing the policy and assigning resources as needed for its implementation and continued improvement. Specifically, at
the Sustainability Committee,* chaired by the Representative Director, President and CEO, we regularly hold discussions on
global human rights issues and initiatives, monitoring impact on the SUBARU Group’s business. The results of these
discussions are used in submissions and reports to the Board of Directors in order to take appropriate measures.
* Renamed in FYE March 2022 from the CSR Committee.
[TABLE] Initiatives
Based on the belief that respect for the rights and characteristics of individuals is an important management issue for
SUBARU, the CSR Committee decided to form the Human Rights Task Team in March 2019. The team was created in April 2019
and is comprised of members from the Human Resources Department, IR Department, Sustainability Promotion Department,
and Procurement Planning Department*.
As a result of multiple discussions with outside experts and specialists, the Task Team formulated the Human Rights Policy in
April 2020. It sets forth that the SUBARU Group’s universal sense of purpose in acting for the good of people not only applies
to our customers and employees but also extends across the entire value chain.
Based on the Human Rights Policy, the SUBARU Group, in order to fulfill its social responsibility in its global business
activities, will respect the human rights of all stakeholders and continue managing its operations in line with respect for
human rights, working to prevent and mitigate potential negative impacts on human rights.
* Renamed the Global Purchasing Planning Department in October 2020.
Activities to Raise Awareness of Human Rights
We have been conducting SUBARU’s new employee training and manager training on the theme of diversity. Since FYE March
2021, we have held seminars with the purpose of helping employees obtain knowledge about business and human rights. In
FYE March 2022, we held sessions for all SUBARU employees. All participants responded that they gained an understanding or
a strong understanding.
Seminars on business and human rights
Eligible participants Program period
SUBARU human resource departments’ manager-class employees September 2020
FYE March 2021
All SUBARU procurement departments’ employees September 2020
FYE March 2022 All SUBARU executives January 2022
106
[TABLE] Eligible participants | Program period
[TABLE] FYE March 2021 | SUBARU human resource departments’ manager-class employees | September 2020
[TABLE] All SUBARU procurement departments’ employees | September 2020
[TABLE] FYE March 2022 | All SUBARU executives | January 2022

[PAGE 107]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Social Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Human Rights Due Diligence The SUBARU Group carries out human rights due diligence in accordance with the procedures stipulated in the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. From FYE March 2021 to FYE March 2022, with cooperation from LRQA Sustainability Co., Ltd. (formerly Lloyd’s Register Japan K.K.), we identified and conducted impact assessments for human rights risks in the domains of human resources and procurement, identifying particularly key risks for the SUBARU Group. We have also formulated measures to address each of these risks. These are agreed upon by the Sustainability Committee and reported to the Board of Directors. Preventing Harassment The SUBARU Group has reidentified harassment of workers as a particularly key risk, and in our Human Rights Policy, we clearly state that there is “zero tolerance for discrimination and harassment.” Seeking to prevent all forms of harassment, we prohibit such behavior in our work regulations, and it is also mentioned in the Compliance Guidelines and the Compliance Manual. We have prepared the Power Harassment Explanatory Booklet, and ensure that all SUBARU employees, including foreign workers, are aware of its contents. In addition, we distribute the Power Harassment Prevention Handbook to all managers and supervisors, and make efforts to prevent harassment. Identifying human rights risks We held study groups on business and human rights for employees in each of the domains of human resources and procurement as well as workshops with representatives from hands-on teams. Through these workshops, we identified potential human rights issues, and based on these issues, we conducted interviews and factory inspections with stakeholders in each domain, identifying human rights risks. ・ Conducting impact assessments and identifying particularly key risks Human rights risks identified in each domain were considered mainly along the axes of magnitude of impact and likelihood of occurrence, and particularly key risks for the SUBARU Group were identified. Particularly key human rights risks Human resources domain Long working hours, occupational accidents, harassment of workers, forced labor among foreign workers Procurement domain Human rights violations among suppliers, responsible mineral procurement (e.g., conflict minerals, cobalt), harassment of suppliers ・ Formulating measures to address risks For each of the human rights risks identified in each domain, we formulated measures to prevent and mitigate potential negative impacts. We will continue to mitigate risks by steadily implementing formulated measures to combat them, regularly monitoring these at the Sustainability Committee, and through other actions. Example measures implemented Human rights risks Example measures implemented Human resources domain Harassment of workers Procurement domain Human rights violations among suppliers Responsible mineral procurement (e.g., conflict minerals, cobalt) Harassment of suppliers ・ Conducting harassment prevention workshops for management ・ Issuing the Harassment Explanatory Booklet for foreign workers in four languages ・ Beginning regular questionnaires about non-Japanese employees ・ Newly adding questionnaire on human rights initiatives ・ Formulating the Responsible Mineral Procurement Policy ・ Expanding the scope of conflict minerals procurement rules ・ Partnership Formation Oath (Japanese version only) ・ Compliance with the JAMA Voluntary Action Plan ・ 107 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Human Rights Due Diligence
[TABLE] The SUBARU Group carries out human rights due diligence in accordance with the procedures stipulated in the United Nations
Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.
From FYE March 2021 to FYE March 2022, with cooperation from LRQA Sustainability Co., Ltd. (formerly Lloyd’s Register Japan
K.K.), we identified and conducted impact assessments for human rights risks in the domains of human resources and
procurement, identifying particularly key risks for the SUBARU Group. We have also formulated measures to address each of
these risks. These are agreed upon by the Sustainability Committee and reported to the Board of Directors.
・Identifying human rights risks
We held study groups on business and human rights for employees in each of the domains of human resources and
procurement as well as workshops with representatives from hands-on teams. Through these workshops, we identified
potential human rights issues, and based on these issues, we conducted interviews and factory inspections with
stakeholders in each domain, identifying human rights risks.
・Conducting impact assessments and identifying particularly key risks
Human rights risks identified in each domain were considered mainly along the axes of magnitude of impact and likelihood
of occurrence, and particularly key risks for the SUBARU Group were identified.
Particularly key human rights risks
Human
resources Long working hours, occupational accidents, harassment of workers, forced labor among foreign workers
domain
Procurement Human rights violations among suppliers, responsible mineral procurement (e.g., conflict minerals, cobalt), harassment of
domain suppliers
・Formulating measures to address risks
For each of the human rights risks identified in each domain, we formulated measures to prevent and mitigate potential
negative impacts.
We will continue to mitigate risks by steadily implementing formulated measures to combat them, regularly monitoring
these at the Sustainability Committee, and through other actions.
Example measures implemented
Human rights risks Example measures implemented
・Conducting harassment prevention workshops for management
Human
resources Harassment of workers
・Issuing the Harassment Explanatory Booklet for foreign workers
domain
in four languages
・Beginning regular questionnaires about non-Japanese
employees
Human rights violations among suppliers
・Newly adding questionnaire on human rights initiatives
・Formulating the Responsible Mineral Procurement Policy
Procurement
Responsible mineral procurement (e.g., conflict
domain
minerals, cobalt)
・Expanding the scope of conflict minerals procurement rules
・Partnership Formation Oath (Japanese version only)
Harassment of suppliers
・Compliance with the JAMA Voluntary Action Plan
Preventing Harassment
The SUBARU Group has reidentified harassment of workers as a particularly key risk, and in our Human Rights Policy, we
clearly state that there is “zero tolerance for discrimination and harassment.” Seeking to prevent all forms of harassment, we
prohibit such behavior in our work regulations, and it is also mentioned in the Compliance Guidelines and the Compliance
Manual. We have prepared the Power Harassment Explanatory Booklet, and ensure that all SUBARU employees, including
foreign workers, are aware of its contents.
In addition, we distribute the Power Harassment Prevention Handbook to all managers and supervisors, and make efforts to
prevent harassment.
107
[TABLE] Human
resources
domain | Long working hours, occupational accidents, harassment of workers, forced labor among foreign workers
[TABLE] Procurement
domain | Human rights violations among suppliers, responsible mineral procurement (e.g., conflict minerals, cobalt), harassment of
suppliers
[TABLE] Human rights risks | Example measures implemented
[TABLE] Human
resources
domain | Harassment of workers | ・Conducting harassment prevention workshops for management
[TABLE] ・Issuing the Harassment Explanatory Booklet for foreign workers
in four languages
[TABLE] Procurement
domain | Human rights violations among suppliers | ・Beginning regular questionnaires about non-Japanese
employees
[TABLE] ・Newly adding questionnaire on human rights initiatives
[TABLE] Responsible mineral procurement (e.g., conflict
minerals, cobalt) | ・Formulating the Responsible Mineral Procurement Policy
[TABLE] ・Expanding the scope of conflict minerals procurement rules
[TABLE] Harassment of suppliers | ・Partnership Formation Oath (Japanese version only)
[TABLE] ・Compliance with the JAMA Voluntary Action Plan

[PAGE 108]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Social Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement The SUBARU Group has established a system for hearing voices from a range of stakeholders. There shall be absolutely no retaliation for any kind of complaint that may be made through this system. For employees We have set up a Compliance Hotline and a Harassment Advice Line internally and externally, creating an environment in which all employees, including those at Group companies, can receive advice. By creating a management system in which it is easy to seek advice, we encourage carefree consultations, and attempt to detect and resolve problems at an early stage. In particular, the Compliance Hotline provides consultation services in four languages (English, Chinese, Portuguese, and Spanish) for foreign workers. Compliance Hotline ・ For customers SUBARU Customer Center: SUBARU Call has been established as a system for promptly sharing information on customer opinions and comments with relevant departments and utilizing this information to make improvements. SUBARU Call for Japanese customer ・ For business partners (suppliers) At SUBARU, we are taking actions to promote fair trade based on the Automobile Industry Fair Trade Guidelines. As part of this effort, we have established a consultation service for promoting fair trade for business partners in SUBARU’s supply chain, with the aim of early detection, prevention, corrective measures, and preventing recurrence of compliance issues. We also participate in the Japan Platform for Migrant Workers towards Responsible and Inclusive Society ( JP-MIRAI) Consultation and Relief Pilot Project for Migrant Workers, and are striving to establish a consultation service for foreign workers in the supply chain in Japan. Consultation service for promoting fair trade ( Japanese version only) JP-MIRAI ・ 108 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022 Contact for opinions and consultation services

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Contact for opinions and consultation services
[TABLE] The SUBARU Group has established a system for hearing voices from a range of stakeholders.
There shall be absolutely no retaliation for any kind of complaint that may be made through this system.
・For employees
We have set up a Compliance Hotline and a Harassment Advice Line internally and externally, creating an environment in
which all employees, including those at Group companies, can receive advice. By creating a management system in which it
is easy to seek advice, we encourage carefree consultations, and attempt to detect and resolve problems at an early stage.
In particular, the Compliance Hotline provides consultation services in four languages (English, Chinese, Portuguese, and
Spanish) for foreign workers.
Compliance Hotline
・For customers
SUBARU Customer Center: SUBARU Call has been established as a system for promptly sharing information on customer
opinions and comments with relevant departments and utilizing this information to make improvements.
SUBARU Call for Japanese customer
・For business partners (suppliers)
At SUBARU, we are taking actions to promote fair trade based on the Automobile Industry Fair Trade Guidelines. As part of
this effort, we have established a consultation service for promoting fair trade for business partners in SUBARU’s supply
chain, with the aim of early detection, prevention, corrective measures, and preventing recurrence of compliance issues.
We also participate in the Japan Platform for Migrant Workers towards Responsible and Inclusive Society (JP-MIRAI)
Consultation and Relief Pilot Project for Migrant Workers, and are striving to establish a consultation service for foreign
workers in the supply chain in Japan.
Consultation service for promoting fair trade (Japanese version only)
JP-MIRAI
108 | The SUBARU Group has established a system for hearing voices from a range of stakeholders.
There shall be absolutely no retaliation for any kind of complaint that may be made through this system.
・For employees
We have set up a Compliance Hotline and a Harassment Advice Line internally and externally, creating an environment in
which all employees, including those at Group companies, can receive advice. By creating a management system in which it
is easy to seek advice, we encourage carefree consultations, and attempt to detect and resolve problems at an early stage.
In particular, the Compliance Hotline provides consultation services in four languages (English, Chinese, Portuguese, and
Spanish) for foreign workers.
Compliance Hotline
・For customers
SUBARU Customer Center: SUBARU Call has been established as a system for promptly sharing information on customer
opinions and comments with relevant departments and utilizing this information to make improvements.
SUBARU Call for Japanese customer
・For business partners (suppliers)
At SUBARU, we are taking actions to promote fair trade based on the Automobile Industry Fair Trade Guidelines. As part of
this effort, we have established a consultation service for promoting fair trade for business partners in SUBARU’s supply
chain, with the aim of early detection, prevention, corrective measures, and preventing recurrence of compliance issues.
We also participate in the Japan Platform for Migrant Workers towards Responsible and Inclusive Society (JP-MIRAI)
Consultation and Relief Pilot Project for Migrant Workers, and are striving to establish a consultation service for foreign
workers in the supply chain in Japan.
Consultation service for promoting fair trade (Japanese version only)
JP-MIRAI

[PAGE 109]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social Our Approach Quality is the foundation of “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind,” SUBARU’s core value, and delivering quality is one of our most fundamental responsibilities to our customers. Quality enhancement is the most important theme in the mid-term management vision “STEP,” and we are reviewing all business processes, from product planning and parts procurement by suppliers, to production and shipping at our plants, to after-sales service, and implementing reforms. For the SUBARU Group, quality enhancement serves as an essential foundation for our sustainable growth. This is because it enables us to remain sensitive to changes in customers’ expectations of the quality they expect from SUBARU, as well as to help us overcome this once-in-a-century period of major transformation in automobile manufacturing and become the brand that customers continue to choose for “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind.” To ensure that we become a company that resonates with and inspires trust in our customers, under the banner of our new quality policy, all employees are making “quality first” their slogan. This instills a quality-first awareness as they work hard to provide high-quality products and services that will impress customers. SUBARU has also established quality policies at affiliated companies in Japan and overseas in accordance with the business content of each company and regional characteristics, and affiliated companies practice quality control based on these policies. In FYE March 2021, we established the Quality Assurance Management Office to supervise quality assurance across the entire SUBARU Group, including the Aerospace Company. The roles of the office will include developing and managing the SUBARU Group’s organizational structure and systems required to assure quality, maintaining their effectiveness, and continually improving them. By pursuing quality that our customers can use with peace of mind for many years to come, we will work to realize the SUBARU Group’s goal of an enjoyable and sustainable society. Quality Policy At SUBARU, quality is our highest priority as we earn the trust of our customers. 1. We will deliver long-lasting products that our customers can use with peace of mind. 2. We will continually improve our products and services by always listening closely to our customers’ voice. 3. We will be a good corporate citizen in all markets where we do business by ensuring compliance with all internal rules, local laws, regulations and social norms. Revised in April 2019 Quality Management System 1. Establish Quality Management System (QMS) based on the Quality Policy and ISO 9001 Standard and put it into practice for orderly and effective operations. 2. Aim to improve customer satisfaction by assuring that products will comply with both customer requirements and applicable statutory and regulatory requirements. 3. Strive to continually improve the QMS through operational improvements. Wi t h i t s QMS , SUBARU wor ks t o as sure qua l i t y i n each proces s f rom des i gn and deve l opmen t t o sa l es as we l l as c rea t i ng a c y c l e t o c rea t e even h i ghe r qua l i t y produc t s . I n add i t i on , SUBARU s t r i ves t o wor k t hrough t h i s c y c l e swi f t l y i n orde r t o mee t cus t ome r needs wi t hou t any de l ay. Quality: Automotive Business 109 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Quality: Automotive Business
[TABLE] Quality: Automotive Business
[TABLE] Our Approach
Quality is the foundation of “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind,” SUBARU’s core value, and delivering quality is one of our most
fundamental responsibilities to our customers. Quality enhancement is the most important theme in the mid-term
management vision “STEP,” and we are reviewing all business processes, from product planning and parts procurement by
suppliers, to production and shipping at our plants, to after-sales service, and implementing reforms. For the SUBARU Group,
quality enhancement serves as an essential foundation for our sustainable growth. This is because it enables us to remain
sensitive to changes in customers’ expectations of the quality they expect from SUBARU, as well as to help us overcome this
once-in-a-century period of major transformation in automobile manufacturing and become the brand that customers
continue to choose for “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind.”
To ensure that we become a company that resonates with and inspires trust in our customers, under the banner of our new
quality policy, all employees are making “quality first” their slogan. This instills a quality-first awareness as they work hard to
provide high-quality products and services that will impress customers. SUBARU has also established quality policies at
affiliated companies in Japan and overseas in accordance with the business content of each company and regional
characteristics, and affiliated companies practice quality control based on these policies.
In FYE March 2021, we established the Quality Assurance Management Office to supervise quality assurance across the entire
SUBARU Group, including the Aerospace Company. The roles of the office will include developing and managing the SUBARU
Group’s organizational structure and systems required to assure quality, maintaining their effectiveness, and continually
improving them. By pursuing quality that our customers can use with peace of mind for many years to come, we will work to
realize the SUBARU Group’s goal of an enjoyable and sustainable society.
Quality Policy
At SUBARU, quality is our highest priority as we earn the trust of our customers.
1. We will deliver long-lasting products that our customers can use with peace of mind.
2. We will continually improve our products and services by always listening closely to our customers’ voice.
3. We will be a good corporate citizen in all markets where we do business by ensuring compliance with all internal
rules, local laws, regulations and social norms.
Revised in April 2019
Quality Management System
1. Establish Quality Management System (QMS) based on the Quality Policy and ISO 9001 Standard and put it into practice for
orderly and effective operations.
2. Aim to improve customer satisfaction by assuring that products will comply with both customer requirements and
applicable statutory and regulatory requirements.
3. Strive to continually improve the QMS through operational improvements.
Wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h i(cid:32)t(cid:32)s QMS(cid:32), SUBARU wor(cid:32)ks t(cid:32)o as(cid:32)sure qua(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)y i(cid:32)n each proces(cid:32)s f(cid:32)rom des(cid:32)i(cid:32)gn and deve(cid:32)l(cid:32)opmen(cid:32)t t(cid:32)o sa(cid:32)l(cid:32)es as we(cid:32)l(cid:32)l as c(cid:32)rea(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng a(cid:32)
c(cid:32)y(cid:32)c(cid:32)l(cid:32)e t(cid:32)o c(cid:32)rea(cid:32)t(cid:32)e even h(cid:32)i(cid:32)ghe(cid:32)r qua(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)y produc(cid:32)t(cid:32)s(cid:32). I(cid:32)n add(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on(cid:32), SUBARU s(cid:32)t(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)ves t(cid:32)o wor(cid:32)k t(cid:32)hrough t(cid:32)h(cid:32)i(cid:32)s c(cid:32)y(cid:32)c(cid:32)l(cid:32)e swi(cid:32)f(cid:32)t(cid:32)l(cid:32)y i(cid:32)n orde(cid:32)r t(cid:32)o mee(cid:32)t(cid:32)
cus(cid:32)t(cid:32)ome(cid:32)r needs wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)hou(cid:32)t any de(cid:32)l(cid:32)ay.
109

[PAGE 110]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social M a n a g e m e n t S y s t e m The SUBARU Group has established a quality improvement system with the Quality Assurance Division at the heart of efforts in order to analyze after-sales quality defects and customer requests to realize higher-quality development and production. Based on customers’ opinions collected from around the world, SUBARU works with the relevant in-house departments and suppliers in identifying quality issues, investigating their cause, and planning countermeasures. In January 2021, we established FAST (Fast Action & Solution Team), a North American quality improvement team where quality assurance and development units at local affiliated companies in the U.S. work together with service units at dealerships in the U.S. and Canada. By strengthening cooperation between departments, immediate decisions can be made on-site, and market demands can be met more speedily. Quality Improvement System Qua l i ty Management Cyc l e 110 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Qua(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)ty Management Cyc(cid:32)l(cid:32)e
[TABLE] Management System
The SUBARU Group has established a quality improvement system with the Quality Assurance Division at the heart of efforts
in order to analyze after-sales quality defects and customer requests to realize higher-quality development and production.
Based on customers’ opinions collected from around the world, SUBARU works with the relevant in-house departments and
suppliers in identifying quality issues, investigating their cause, and planning countermeasures.
In January 2021, we established FAST (Fast Action & Solution Team), a North American quality improvement team where
quality assurance and development units at local affiliated companies in the U.S. work together with service units at
dealerships in the U.S. and Canada. By strengthening cooperation between departments, immediate decisions can be made
on-site, and market demands can be met more speedily.
Quality Improvement System
110

[PAGE 111]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social I n i t i a t i v e s Quality Control Training Since quality enhancement is one of the priority initiatives in our mid-term management vision, we provide in-house education on quality to all employees. Quality education is provided on an ongoing and regular basis tailored to employee knowledge and experience levels, including their year of entry into the Company and their position. This instills a customer- centric, quality-first awareness, educating each and every employee so that they put quality first in their actions. Our quality improvement initiatives are also generating steady results. In the February 2022 issue of the U.S.-based “Consumer Reports” magazine, SUBARU ranked No. 1 among other brands, up from No. 3 the previous year, and the Forester was ranked No. 1 in the small SUV category. In the 2021 Axios Harris Poll 100, a ranking of U.S. brands, SUBARU received a number of very highly favorable ratings. It was ranked No. 14 out of 100 companies, and especially among the millennial generation, aged 25–34, it was ranked No. 2. When only compared to automobile manufacturers, it was ranked No. 1. All SUBARU models have received extremely high evaluations in Japan and overseas for their safety performance, which is a particular focus for us. One example is the Legacy Outback, which won the JNCAP Five Star Vehicle Safety Performance 2021 Award, and the Levorg, which won the JNCAP Five Star Vehicle Safety Performance 2020 Award the year prior. Awards for Safety Performance Award Vehicle Note JNCAP Five Star Vehicle Safety Performance 2021 Award Legacy Outback IIHS 2022 TOP SAFETY PICK+ Winners (U.S.-specification Models) SUBARU BRZ (with optional EyeSight): (TSP+ for the first time) Forester (TSP for 16 consecutive years) Crosstrek Hybrid (TSP+ for four consecutive years) Legacy (TSP for 17 consecutive years) Outback (TSP for 14 consecutive years) Ascent (TSP for 5 consecutive years) IIHS 2022 TOP SAFETY PICK Winners (U.S.- specification Models) Impreza five-door (with optional EyeSight and specific headlights) (TSP for 15 consecutive years) Crosstrek (with optional EyeSight and specific headlights) (TSP for 11 consecutive years) *1 Japan New Car Assessment Program ( JNCAP): An automotive assessment program operated by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism and the National Agency for Automotive Safety and Victims’ Aid (NASVA) to compare and evaluate automobile safety performance. *2 IIHS: Insurance Institute for Highway Safety *3 Acquired for U.S.-specification models. *4 Name in Japan: SUBARU XV *1 *2 *3 *4 *3 Structure of the FAST North American Quality Improvement Team 111 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Structure of the FAST North American Quality Improvement Team
[TABLE] Initiatives
Quality Control Training
Since quality enhancement is one of the priority initiatives in our mid-term management vision, we provide in-house
education on quality to all employees. Quality education is provided on an ongoing and regular basis tailored to employee
knowledge and experience levels, including their year of entry into the Company and their position. This instills a customer-
centric, quality-first awareness, educating each and every employee so that they put quality first in their actions.
Our quality improvement initiatives are also generating steady results. In the February 2022 issue of the U.S.-based
“Consumer Reports” magazine, SUBARU ranked No. 1 among other brands, up from No. 3 the previous year, and the Forester
was ranked No. 1 in the small SUV category. In the 2021 Axios Harris Poll 100, a ranking of U.S. brands, SUBARU received a
number of very highly favorable ratings. It was ranked No. 14 out of 100 companies, and especially among the millennial
generation, aged 25–34, it was ranked No. 2. When only compared to automobile manufacturers, it was ranked No. 1.
All SUBARU models have received extremely high evaluations in Japan and overseas for their safety performance, which is a
particular focus for us. One example is the Legacy Outback, which won the JNCAP Five Star Vehicle Safety Performance 2021
Award, and the Levorg, which won the JNCAP Five Star Vehicle Safety Performance 2020 Award the year prior.
Awards for Safety Performance
Award Vehicle Note
JNCAP*1 Five Star Vehicle Safety
Legacy Outback
Performance 2021 Award
SUBARU BRZ (with optional EyeSight): (TSP+ for the first time)
Forester (TSP for 16 consecutive years)
Crosstrek*4 Hybrid (TSP+ for four consecutive years)
IIHS*2 2022 TOP SAFETY PICK+*3 Winners
(U.S.-specification Models)
Legacy (TSP for 17 consecutive years)
Outback (TSP for 14 consecutive years)
Ascent (TSP for 5 consecutive years)
Impreza five-door (with optional EyeSight
(TSP for 15 consecutive years)
and specific headlights)
IIHS 2022 TOP SAFETY PICK*3 Winners (U.S.-
specification Models)
Crosstrek (with optional EyeSight and
(TSP for 11 consecutive years)
specific headlights)
*1 Japan New Car Assessment Program (JNCAP): An automotive assessment program operated by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure,
Transport and Tourism and the National Agency for Automotive Safety and Victims’ Aid (NASVA) to compare and evaluate automobile
safety performance.
*2 IIHS: Insurance Institute for Highway Safety
*3 Acquired for U.S.-specification models.
*4 Name in Japan: SUBARU XV
111
[TABLE] Award | Vehicle | Note
[TABLE] JNCAP*1 Five Star Vehicle Safety
Performance 2021 Award | Legacy Outback
[TABLE] IIHS*2 2022 TOP SAFETY PICK+*3 Winners
(U.S.-specification Models) | SUBARU BRZ | (with optional EyeSight): (TSP+ for the first time)
[TABLE] Forester | (TSP for 16 consecutive years)
[TABLE] Crosstrek*4 Hybrid | (TSP+ for four consecutive years)
[TABLE] Legacy | (TSP for 17 consecutive years)
[TABLE] Outback | (TSP for 14 consecutive years)
[TABLE] Ascent | (TSP for 5 consecutive years)
[TABLE] IIHS 2022 TOP SAFETY PICK*3 Winners (U.S.-
specification Models) | Impreza five-door (with optional EyeSight
and specific headlights) | (TSP for 15 consecutive years)
[TABLE] Crosstrek (with optional EyeSight and
specific headlights) | (TSP for 11 consecutive years)

[PAGE 112]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social At the SUBARU Group, in order to instill a quality-first awareness, we attach great importance to dialogue with dealerships, as they are responsible for dealing with customers across the globe. We participate in technical liaison meetings held twice a year for the Japanese market, while in overseas markets, we take part in twice- yearly main dealerships (G8) service meetings and block conferences held in six regions. We take in the views of dealerships expressed at these meetings to make decisions on the optimum means of addressing quality problems that inconvenience our customers. (In FYE March 2022, these were once again held as web conferences both for Japan and overseas.) In addition, in order to listen to the voice of the market and speed up quality improvement, the Quality Improvement Committee, chaired by the Chief Quality Officer (CQO) and Chief General Manager of the Quality Assurance Division, holds monthly meetings to discuss quality at the executive level in all departments. Furthermore, the North America Quality Improvement Committee, which is comprised of the North America CQO and heads of North American subsidiaries, focuses on quality in the North American market and is held several times a year. * Block conferences are held in a country in each of the six regions—the CIS, Central Europe, Northern Europe, Southern Europe, Oceania, and Central and South America. Their participants include representatives from dealerships and expatriates working in the region. Global Quality Meeting Quality Caravan Quality Caravan S i nce FYE Ma rch 2019 , we have been ho l d i ng an annua l even t ca l l ed t he Qua l i t y Ca ravan a t a l l our bus i nes s s i t es t o i n f orm pa r t i c i pan t s o f cus t ome r f eedback and t he qua l i t y s t a t us o f SUBARU produc t s . Our a im i n do i ng so i s t o prov i de a l l emp l oyees wi t h an ac cura t e unde r s t and i ng o f t he cur ren t s t a t e o f SUBARU and c rea t e an env i ronmen t i n wh i ch t hey a re cons c i ous o f pu t t i ng qua l i t y f i r s t a t a l l t imes and approach t he i r wor k i n t ha t mi ndse t . I n FYE Ma rch 2022 , t he ca ravan was he l d f or a l l emp l oyees and Group company emp l oyees , rev i s i ng con t en t so as t o t ake i n t o ac coun t t he mos t recen t i n f orma t i on and t o preven t t hem f rom l os i ng a l e r t nes s abou t qua l i t y prob l ems t ha t i nconven i enced our cus t ome r s . Th i s he l ps t hem t o be cons t an t l y awa re t ha t t he i r wor k i s u l t ima t e l y connec t ed t o t he cus t ome r, and t o i ns t i l l a cus t ome r - cen t r i c , qua l i t y - f i r s t awa renes s . No t on l y a re we engag i ng more bus i nes s pa r t ne r s i n t hese even t s , bu t Suba ru o f I nd i ana Au t omo t i ve , I nc . , SUBARU ’ s produc t i on base i n t he U. S . , has a l so been organ i z i ng even t s t o ra i se g l oba l awa renes s o f qua l i t y ac ros s t he en t i re SUBARU Group . Go i ng f orwa rd , we wi l l con t i nue t o engage i n awa renes s ac t i v i t i es , wh i l e enhanc i ng t he program and ex t end i ng t he dura t i on , among o t he r improvemen t s . In order to maintain and improve the quality of SUBARU vehicles, we consider it extremely important to ensure the quality of all externally purchased parts. To this end, SUBARU has been carrying out various activities to promote voluntary improvements by business partners and to maintain and improve quality together with all business partners. As part of its regular activities, SUBARU has taken a number of actions to build a foundation on which SUBARU and its business partners can work together based on a common awareness of concepts regarding quality maintenance and improvement. This includes developing a manual for all business partners that summarizes the standards and rules for built- in quality and ensuring stable quality. In addition, in order to address the ever-changing environment, we hold briefing sessions on our Quality Policy for all business partners at the beginning of each fiscal year to share information about a range of quality-related situations. KPIs are set for quality targets and key quality indicators to be achieved in the short and medium term, and we present quality improvement measures, key points for enhancing quality, and other information as concretely as possible. Through direct communication from SUBARU, we deepen business partners’ understanding and build a system that can flexibly respond to changes in the environment. This common awareness of our Quality Policy enables close cooperation between business partners and SUBARU at all stages, from development to mass production, promoting integrated quality assurance activities. As an example of our activities, we support regular voluntary audits of quality assurance systems and quality management systems at our business partners and provide advice from a third-party perspective. In addition to regular audits, SUBARU directly observes business partners’ manufacturing processes and production sites. Here, we conduct audits and process checkups on an ad-hoc basis, offer proposals for productivity improvement, and otherwise engage collaboratively to further improve quality. Furthermore, by following the Advanced Product Quality Planning (APQP) process, our activities also help our business partners improve their own capabilities, contributing to overall quality improvement. These unified efforts between SUBARU and its business partners ensure the quality of externally manufactured parts. In recent years, where the external environment has become extremely uncertain, parts supplies issues have arisen due to large-scale natural disasters and shifting world affairs. Amid this situation, we have also established support systems for our business partners in order to help quickly restore parts supplies in the event of an emergency. * Ini t iat ives wi th Business Partners Global Quality Meeting 112 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Global Quality Meeting
[TABLE] At the SUBARU Group, in order to instill a quality-first awareness, we attach great
importance to dialogue with dealerships, as they are responsible for dealing with
customers across the globe. We participate in technical liaison meetings held twice
a year for the Japanese market, while in overseas markets, we take part in twice-
yearly main dealerships (G8) service meetings and block conferences held in six
regions.* We take in the views of dealerships expressed at these meetings to make
decisions on the optimum means of addressing quality problems that
inconvenience our customers. (In FYE March 2022, these were once again held as
web conferences both for Japan and overseas.)
Global Quality Meeting
In addition, in order to listen to the voice of the market and speed up quality
improvement, the Quality Improvement Committee, chaired by the Chief Quality
Officer (CQO) and Chief General Manager of the Quality Assurance Division, holds
monthly meetings to discuss quality at the executive level in all departments.
Furthermore, the North America Quality Improvement Committee, which is
comprised of the North America CQO and heads of North American subsidiaries,
focuses on quality in the North American market and is held several times a year.
* Block conferences are held in a country in each of the six regions—the CIS, Central
Europe, Northern Europe, Southern Europe, Oceania, and Central and South America.
Their participants include representatives from dealerships and expatriates working in the
region.
Quality Caravan
S(cid:32)i(cid:32)nce FYE Ma(cid:32)rch 2019(cid:32), we have been ho(cid:32)l(cid:32)d(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng an annua(cid:32)l even(cid:32)t ca(cid:32)l(cid:32)l(cid:32)ed t(cid:32)he Qua(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)y(cid:32)
Ca(cid:32)ravan a(cid:32)t a(cid:32)l(cid:32)l our bus(cid:32)i(cid:32)nes(cid:32)s s(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)es t(cid:32)o i(cid:32)n(cid:32)f(cid:32)orm pa(cid:32)r(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32)i(cid:32)pan(cid:32)t(cid:32)s o(cid:32)f cus(cid:32)t(cid:32)ome(cid:32)r f(cid:32)eedback and(cid:32)
t(cid:32)he qua(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)y s(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)us o(cid:32)f SUBARU produc(cid:32)t(cid:32)s(cid:32). Our a(cid:32)im i(cid:32)n do(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng so i(cid:32)s t(cid:32)o prov(cid:32)i(cid:32)de a(cid:32)l(cid:32)l(cid:32)
emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyees wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h an ac(cid:32)cura(cid:32)t(cid:32)e unde(cid:32)r(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)and(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he cur(cid:32)ren(cid:32)t s(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)e o(cid:32)f SUBARU and(cid:32)
c(cid:32)rea(cid:32)t(cid:32)e an env(cid:32)i(cid:32)ronmen(cid:32)t i(cid:32)n wh(cid:32)i(cid:32)ch t(cid:32)hey a(cid:32)re cons(cid:32)c(cid:32)i(cid:32)ous o(cid:32)f pu(cid:32)t(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng qua(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)y f(cid:32)i(cid:32)r(cid:32)s(cid:32)t a(cid:32)t a(cid:32)l(cid:32)l(cid:32)
t(cid:32)imes and approach t(cid:32)he(cid:32)i(cid:32)r wor(cid:32)k i(cid:32)n t(cid:32)ha(cid:32)t mi(cid:32)ndse(cid:32)t(cid:32). I(cid:32)n FYE Ma(cid:32)rch 2022(cid:32), t(cid:32)he ca(cid:32)ravan(cid:32)
was he(cid:32)l(cid:32)d f(cid:32)or a(cid:32)l(cid:32)l emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyees and Group company emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyees(cid:32), rev(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng con(cid:32)t(cid:32)en(cid:32)t so as(cid:32)
t(cid:32)o t(cid:32)ake i(cid:32)n(cid:32)t(cid:32)o ac(cid:32)coun(cid:32)t t(cid:32)he mos(cid:32)t recen(cid:32)t i(cid:32)n(cid:32)f(cid:32)orma(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on and t(cid:32)o preven(cid:32)t t(cid:32)hem f(cid:32)rom l(cid:32)os(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng(cid:32)
a(cid:32)l(cid:32)e(cid:32)r(cid:32)t(cid:32)nes(cid:32)s abou(cid:32)t qua(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)y prob(cid:32)l(cid:32)ems t(cid:32)ha(cid:32)t i(cid:32)nconven(cid:32)i(cid:32)enced our cus(cid:32)t(cid:32)ome(cid:32)r(cid:32)s(cid:32). Th(cid:32)i(cid:32)s he(cid:32)l(cid:32)ps(cid:32)
Quality Caravan
t(cid:32)hem t(cid:32)o be cons(cid:32)t(cid:32)an(cid:32)t(cid:32)l(cid:32)y awa(cid:32)re t(cid:32)ha(cid:32)t t(cid:32)he(cid:32)i(cid:32)r wor(cid:32)k i(cid:32)s u(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)ima(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)l(cid:32)y connec(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed t(cid:32)o t(cid:32)he(cid:32)
cus(cid:32)t(cid:32)ome(cid:32)r, and t(cid:32)o i(cid:32)ns(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)l a cus(cid:32)t(cid:32)ome(cid:32)r(cid:32)-(cid:32)cen(cid:32)t(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32), qua(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)y(cid:32)-(cid:32)f(cid:32)i(cid:32)r(cid:32)s(cid:32)t awa(cid:32)renes(cid:32)s(cid:32). No(cid:32)t on(cid:32)l(cid:32)y a(cid:32)re(cid:32)
we engag(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng more bus(cid:32)i(cid:32)nes(cid:32)s pa(cid:32)r(cid:32)t(cid:32)ne(cid:32)r(cid:32)s i(cid:32)n t(cid:32)hese even(cid:32)t(cid:32)s(cid:32), bu(cid:32)t Suba(cid:32)ru o(cid:32)f I(cid:32)nd(cid:32)i(cid:32)ana(cid:32)
Au(cid:32)t(cid:32)omo(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve(cid:32), I(cid:32)nc(cid:32).(cid:32), SUBARU(cid:32)’(cid:32)s produc(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on base i(cid:32)n t(cid:32)he U.(cid:32)S(cid:32).(cid:32), has a(cid:32)l(cid:32)so been organ(cid:32)i(cid:32)z(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng(cid:32)
even(cid:32)t(cid:32)s t(cid:32)o ra(cid:32)i(cid:32)se g(cid:32)l(cid:32)oba(cid:32)l awa(cid:32)renes(cid:32)s o(cid:32)f qua(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)y ac(cid:32)ros(cid:32)s t(cid:32)he en(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)re SUBARU Group(cid:32).
Go(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng f(cid:32)orwa(cid:32)rd(cid:32), we wi(cid:32)l(cid:32)l con(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)nue t(cid:32)o engage i(cid:32)n awa(cid:32)renes(cid:32)s ac(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es(cid:32), wh(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)e enhanc(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng(cid:32)
t(cid:32)he program and ex(cid:32)t(cid:32)end(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)he dura(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on(cid:32), among o(cid:32)t(cid:32)he(cid:32)r improvemen(cid:32)t(cid:32)s(cid:32).
Ini(cid:32)t(cid:32)iat(cid:32)ives wi(cid:32)th Business Partners
In order to maintain and improve the quality of SUBARU vehicles, we consider it extremely important to ensure the quality of
all externally purchased parts. To this end, SUBARU has been carrying out various activities to promote voluntary
improvements by business partners and to maintain and improve quality together with all business partners.
As part of its regular activities, SUBARU has taken a number of actions to build a foundation on which SUBARU and its
business partners can work together based on a common awareness of concepts regarding quality maintenance and
improvement. This includes developing a manual for all business partners that summarizes the standards and rules for built-
in quality and ensuring stable quality.
In addition, in order to address the ever-changing environment, we hold briefing sessions on our Quality Policy for all
business partners at the beginning of each fiscal year to share information about a range of quality-related situations. KPIs
are set for quality targets and key quality indicators to be achieved in the short and medium term, and we present quality
improvement measures, key points for enhancing quality, and other information as concretely as possible. Through direct
communication from SUBARU, we deepen business partners’ understanding and build a system that can flexibly respond to
changes in the environment. This common awareness of our Quality Policy enables close cooperation between business
partners and SUBARU at all stages, from development to mass production, promoting integrated quality assurance activities.
As an example of our activities, we support regular voluntary audits of quality assurance systems and quality management
systems at our business partners and provide advice from a third-party perspective. In addition to regular audits, SUBARU
directly observes business partners’ manufacturing processes and production sites. Here, we conduct audits and process
checkups on an ad-hoc basis, offer proposals for productivity improvement, and otherwise engage collaboratively to further
improve quality. Furthermore, by following the Advanced Product Quality Planning (APQP) process, our activities also help our
business partners improve their own capabilities, contributing to overall quality improvement. These unified efforts between
SUBARU and its business partners ensure the quality of externally manufactured parts.
In recent years, where the external environment has become extremely uncertain, parts supplies issues have arisen due to
large-scale natural disasters and shifting world affairs. Amid this situation, we have also established support systems for our
business partners in order to help quickly restore parts supplies in the event of an emergency.
112

[PAGE 113]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social Response to Recalls The SUBARU Group takes measures to cope with recalls in order to prevent accidents, in accordance with our highest priority placed on customer safety. We have established the Recall Committee to determine specific measures to be taken in the event of product defects that can infringe on safety or laws and regulations. This committee is chaired by the CQO and Chief General Manager of the Quality Assurance Division, and was established based on customer suggestions and defect information from around the world and in accordance with internal regulations. Regional representatives from our customers also participate in this decision-making process to determine what action we will take so as to incorporate not only legal and regulatory aspects in each country, but also the mindset of placing the highest priority on customer safety. Once determined, we promptly notify the relevant authorities of the recall. Affected customers are contacted by direct mail and other methods from our dealerships to encourage them to promptly have their car repaired free of charge, with their safety and peace of mind as our top priority. This information is also posted on our website on the recall notification date. The ratio of the number of vehicles for which improvement measures have been completed to the number of vehicles subject to recall is aggregated and reported to government agencies. As of April 2022, SUBARU had no cases of violating laws and in-house regulations in regard to information provision on quality and safety. Recalls of SUBARU Cars Number of Recalls and Improvements (FYE March) Number of Cases 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Recalls 9 11 13 8 9 Corrective Action 1 1 1 0 1 Service Campaigns 3 6 3 6 3 Total 13 18 17 14 13 *1 Corrective action implemented by automobile manufacturers, etc., for a specific range of automobiles, or tires or child car seats, of a similar type to bring the product in question into compliance with the Safety Regulations for Road Vehicles when vehicles, etc., are in a condition that suggests that they may cease to conform or do not conform to those safety regulations, and when the cause for such non- conformity lies in the design of the vehicles, etc., or their manufacturing process. *2 Corrective action implemented by automobile manufacturers, etc., in respect of matters which, although not specified in the Safety Regulations for Road Vehicles, cannot be overlooked from a safety or environmental conservation perspective in the event that a defect should arise, where the cause lies in the design or manufacturing process. *3 Corrective action relating to merchantability/quality in respect of a defect that is not subject to a notification of recall or corrective action. *4 The figure includes one recall relating to Takata airbags, in which a recall notification was submitted on the basis of individual model. Recalls in FYE March 2022 (Global) Country/Region Number of Cases Japan 9 North America 6 Others 5 Global 13 *1 Information presented is internal data and may differ from data published by the respective authorities. *2 Identical recalls conducted across multiple countries/regions are combined to count as one recall. Therefore, the global total number of recalls from all countries/regions may not equal the total number of recalls from each country/region. Takata Ai rbag Recal l Progress SUBARU ’ s progres s i n respond i ng t o t he Taka t a a i rbag reca l l i n t he U. S . ( as o f May 2022 ) i s among t he h i ghes t i n t he i ndus t r y, as shown i n t he t ab l e be l ow. *1 *4 *4 *2 *3 *1 *2 113 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Response to Recalls
[TABLE] The SUBARU Group takes measures to cope with recalls in order to prevent accidents, in accordance with our highest priority
placed on customer safety.
We have established the Recall Committee to determine specific measures to be taken in the event of product defects that
can infringe on safety or laws and regulations. This committee is chaired by the CQO and Chief General Manager of the
Quality Assurance Division, and was established based on customer suggestions and defect information from around the
world and in accordance with internal regulations. Regional representatives from our customers also participate in this
decision-making process to determine what action we will take so as to incorporate not only legal and regulatory aspects in
each country, but also the mindset of placing the highest priority on customer safety. Once determined, we promptly notify
the relevant authorities of the recall. Affected customers are contacted by direct mail and other methods from our
dealerships to encourage them to promptly have their car repaired free of charge, with their safety and peace of mind as our
top priority. This information is also posted on our website on the recall notification date. The ratio of the number of vehicles
for which improvement measures have been completed to the number of vehicles subject to recall is aggregated and reported
to government agencies.
As of April 2022, SUBARU had no cases of violating laws and in-house regulations in regard to information provision on
quality and safety.
Recalls of SUBARU Cars
Number of Recalls and Improvements
(FYE March)
Number of Cases 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Recalls*1 9*4 11 13*4 8 9
Corrective Action*2 1 1 1 0 1
Service Campaigns*3 3 6 3 6 3
Total 13 18 17 14 13
*1 Corrective action implemented by automobile manufacturers, etc., for a specific range of automobiles, or tires or child car seats, of a
similar type to bring the product in question into compliance with the Safety Regulations for Road Vehicles when vehicles, etc., are in a
condition that suggests that they may cease to conform or do not conform to those safety regulations, and when the cause for such non-
conformity lies in the design of the vehicles, etc., or their manufacturing process.
*2 Corrective action implemented by automobile manufacturers, etc., in respect of matters which, although not specified in the Safety
Regulations for Road Vehicles, cannot be overlooked from a safety or environmental conservation perspective in the event that a defect
should arise, where the cause lies in the design or manufacturing process.
*3 Corrective action relating to merchantability/quality in respect of a defect that is not subject to a notification of recall or corrective
action.
*4 The figure includes one recall relating to Takata airbags, in which a recall notification was submitted on the basis of individual model.
Recalls in FYE March 2022 (Global)*1
Country/Region Number of Cases
Japan 9
North America 6
Others 5
Global 13*2
*1 Information presented is internal data and may differ from data published by
the respective authorities.
*2 Identical recalls conducted across multiple countries/regions are combined to
count as one recall. Therefore, the global total number of recalls from all
countries/regions may not equal the total number of recalls from each
country/region.
Takata Ai(cid:32)rbag Recal(cid:32)l Progress
SUBARU(cid:32)’(cid:32)s progres(cid:32)s i(cid:32)n respond(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)o t(cid:32)he Taka(cid:32)t(cid:32)a a(cid:32)i(cid:32)rbag reca(cid:32)l(cid:32)l i(cid:32)n t(cid:32)he U.(cid:32)S(cid:32). ((cid:32)as o(cid:32)f May 2022(cid:32)) i(cid:32)s among t(cid:32)he h(cid:32)i(cid:32)ghes(cid:32)t i(cid:32)n t(cid:32)he i(cid:32)ndus(cid:32)t(cid:32)r(cid:32)y,(cid:32)
as shown i(cid:32)n t(cid:32)he t(cid:32)ab(cid:32)l(cid:32)e be(cid:32)l(cid:32)ow.
113
[TABLE] Number of Cases | 2018 | 2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022
[TABLE] Recalls*1 | 9*4 | 11 | 13*4 | 8 | 9
[TABLE] Corrective Action*2 | 1 | 1 | 1 | 0 | 1
[TABLE] Service Campaigns*3 | 3 | 6 | 3 | 6 | 3
[TABLE] Total | 13 | 18 | 17 | 14 | 13
[TABLE] Country/Region | Number of Cases
[TABLE] Japan | 9
[TABLE] North America | 6
[TABLE] Others | 5
[TABLE] Global | 13*2

[PAGE 114]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social No. Automobile manufacturer Progress rate No. Automobile manufacturer Progress rate 1 U.S. company A 98% 2 European company B 94% 3 Japanese company C 91% 4 SUBARU 89% 5 European company D 89% ・・・ ・・・ Industry average 79% * From National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) data published May 2022 Takata a i rbag reca l l progress in the U. S . 114 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Takata a(cid:32)i(cid:32)rbag reca(cid:32)l(cid:32)l progress in the U.(cid:32)S(cid:32).
[TABLE] AAuuttoommoobbiillee
NNoo.. PPrrooggrreessss rraattee
mmaannuuffaaccttuurreerr
1 U.S. company A 98%
2 European company B 94%
3 Japanese company C 91%
4 SUBARU 89%
5 European company D 89%
・・・ ・・・
Industry average 79%
* From National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) data published May
2022
114 | AAuuttoommoobbiillee
NNoo.. PPrrooggrreessss rraattee
mmaannuuffaaccttuurreerr
1 U.S. company A 98%
2 European company B 94%
3 Japanese company C 91%
4 SUBARU 89%
5 European company D 89%
・・・ ・・・
Industry average 79%
* From National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) data published May
2022
[TABLE] NNoo.. | AAuuttoommoobbiillee
mmaannuuffaaccttuurreerr | PPrrooggrreessss rraattee
[TABLE] 1 | U.S. company A | 98%
[TABLE] 2 | European company B | 94%
[TABLE] 3 | Japanese company C | 91%
[TABLE] 4 | SUBARU | 89%
[TABLE] 5 | European company D | 89%
[TABLE] ・・・ | ・・・
[TABLE] Industry average | 79%

[PAGE 115]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social Our Approach The Aerospace Company conducts SUBARU’s aerospace business and its production activities are based on its policy of “Giving Safety and Quality Top Priority.” Quality Management System Based on its policy of “Giving Safety and Quality Top Priority,” the Aerospace Company has built and acts under the quality management system that conforms to the latest JIS Q 9100:2016 quality management system requirements for aviation, space and defense organizations. In addition, it incorporated the Supplements to JIS Q 9100 (SJAC 9068) that are independently and jointly established by the Japanese aerospace and defense industries in order to prevent improper occurrences related to quality. Quality Management Cycle SUBARU’s Aerospace Company strives for quality assurance in every process from the clarification of requirements through to manufacturing in order to create safe, reliable products. In addition, it has established and operates a quality management cycle to enhance customer satisfaction. Quality Management Cycle Quality: Aerospace Business 115 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Quality: Aerospace Business
[TABLE] Quality: Aerospace Business
[TABLE] Our Approach
The Aerospace Company conducts SUBARU’s aerospace business and its production activities are based on its policy of “Giving
Safety and Quality Top Priority.”
Quality Management System
Based on its policy of “Giving Safety and Quality Top Priority,” the Aerospace Company has built and acts under the quality
management system that conforms to the latest JIS Q 9100:2016 quality management system requirements for aviation, space
and defense organizations.
In addition, it incorporated the Supplements to JIS Q 9100 (SJAC 9068) that are independently and jointly established by the
Japanese aerospace and defense industries in order to prevent improper occurrences related to quality.
Quality Management Cycle
SUBARU’s Aerospace Company strives for quality assurance in every process from the clarification of requirements through to
manufacturing in order to create safe, reliable products. In addition, it has established and operates a quality management
cycle to enhance customer satisfaction.
Quality Management Cycle
115

[PAGE 116]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social M a nagement System At SUBARU’s Aerospace Company, the QMS Promotion Office maintains and promotes the quality management system (QMS), and also works on improving the system to enhance quality. The Quality Assurance Department promotes the following quality assurance activities covering product manufacture, repair, sales, and service, and rolls them out to relevant company departments and suppliers. Initiatives Quality Assurance Training We provide quality assurance training in each department as part of our employee training program. We also hold training programs aimed at cultivating experts in quality assurance. Major Education Training Programs Course Topic Target Frequency Quality Education Basic manners training for inspectors Techno-school Inspectors Once a year Quality refresher training Mainly manufacturing employees Twice a year Human factor training Mainly Employees in Civil Aeronautics Act- certified workplaces Once a year Aeronautical safety training Mainly Employees in Civil Aeronautics Act- certified workplaces Once a year Education for employees in certified workplaces Mainly Employees in Civil Aeronautics Act- certified workplaces Once a year QMS consolidation training All employees Twice a year Basic Training for Inspectors New accreditation/periodic renewal training Inspectors Upon accreditation / every three years Skills enhancement training for inspectors Inspectors Once a month Skills Training for Inspectors Techno-school Inspectors Ten times a year Four Rules Activity To bring happiness to our customers, to carry out our social responsibilities, and to achieve growth, each member of the Aerospace Company remains aware of our work rules (procedures, basics). When we find that the rules are difficult to follow, unclear, or out of step with the times, we all work together to improve them, rather than leaving the burden to one person. Through this activity, we strive to increase the quality of our work. Gather customer feedback ・ Identify quality-related issues ・ Investigate the root causes ・ Formulate measures to deal with them ・ 116 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Management System
[TABLE] At SUBARU’s Aerospace Company, the QMS Promotion Office maintains and promotes the quality management system (QMS),
and also works on improving the system to enhance quality.
The Quality Assurance Department promotes the following quality assurance activities covering product manufacture, repair,
sales, and service, and rolls them out to relevant company departments and suppliers.
・Gather customer feedback
・Identify quality-related issues
・Investigate the root causes
・Formulate measures to deal with them
[TABLE] Initiatives
Quality Assurance Training
We provide quality assurance training in each department as part of our employee training program. We also hold training
programs aimed at cultivating experts in quality assurance.
Major Education Training Programs
Course Topic Target Frequency
Basic manners training for
inspectors Inspectors Once a year
Techno-school
Quality refresher training Mainly manufacturing employees Twice a year
Mainly Employees in Civil Aeronautics Act-
Human factor training Once a year
certified workplaces
Quality Education
Mainly Employees in Civil Aeronautics Act-
Aeronautical safety training Once a year
certified workplaces
Education for employees in Mainly Employees in Civil Aeronautics Act-
Once a year
certified workplaces certified workplaces
QMS consolidation training All employees Twice a year
New accreditation/periodic Upon accreditation / every
Inspectors
renewal training three years
Basic Training for
Inspectors
Skills enhancement training for
Inspectors Once a month
inspectors
Skills Training for
Techno-school Inspectors Ten times a year
Inspectors
Four Rules Activity
To bring happiness to our customers, to carry out our social responsibilities, and to achieve growth, each member of the
Aerospace Company remains aware of our work rules (procedures, basics). When we find that the rules are difficult to follow,
unclear, or out of step with the times, we all work together to improve them, rather than leaving the burden to one person.
Through this activity, we strive to increase the quality of our work.
116
[TABLE] Course Topic | Target | Frequency
[TABLE] Quality Education | Basic manners training for
inspectors
Techno-school | Inspectors | Once a year
[TABLE] Quality refresher training | Mainly manufacturing employees | Twice a year
[TABLE] Human factor training | Mainly Employees in Civil Aeronautics Act-
certified workplaces | Once a year
[TABLE] Aeronautical safety training | Mainly Employees in Civil Aeronautics Act-
certified workplaces | Once a year
[TABLE] Education for employees in
certified workplaces | Mainly Employees in Civil Aeronautics Act-
certified workplaces | Once a year
[TABLE] QMS consolidation training | All employees | Twice a year
[TABLE] Basic Training for
Inspectors | New accreditation/periodic
renewal training | Inspectors | Upon accreditation / every
three years
[TABLE] Skills enhancement training for
inspectors | Inspectors | Once a month
[TABLE] Skills Training for
Inspectors | Techno-school | Inspectors | Ten times a year

[PAGE 117]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social The four rules In the work you are doing today 1. Are there any rules (procedures, basics)? 2. Are you following the rules? 3. Is there any room for improvement? 4. Are you discussing with someone about workplace improvements? Quality Month Events The Aerospace Company holds periodic quality meetings. They hold discussions regarding customer satisfaction and product quality from various aspects. In addition, every November is designated as Quality Month. There are awards for employees who have contributed to improving quality, and distribution of pamphlets to educate all employees on quality. We have also established many kinds of systems such as the Improvement Proposal System, which aims to allow employees to display their creative abilities and build a culture of making improvements. 117 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
[TABLE] The four rules
In the work you are doing today
1. Are there any rules (procedures, basics)?
2. Are you following the rules?
3. Is there any room for improvement?
4. Are you discussing with someone about workplace improvements?
Quality Month Events
The Aerospace Company holds periodic quality meetings. They hold discussions regarding customer satisfaction and product
quality from various aspects. In addition, every November is designated as Quality Month. There are awards for employees
who have contributed to improving quality, and distribution of pamphlets to educate all employees on quality.
We have also established many kinds of systems such as the Improvement Proposal System, which aims to allow employees to
display their creative abilities and build a culture of making improvements.
117 | The four rules
In the work you are doing today
1. Are there any rules (procedures, basics)?
2. Are you following the rules?
3. Is there any room for improvement?
4. Are you discussing with someone about workplace improvements?
Quality Month Events
The Aerospace Company holds periodic quality meetings. They hold discussions regarding customer satisfaction and product
quality from various aspects. In addition, every November is designated as Quality Month. There are awards for employees
who have contributed to improving quality, and distribution of pamphlets to educate all employees on quality.
We have also established many kinds of systems such as the Improvement Proposal System, which aims to allow employees to
display their creative abilities and build a culture of making improvements.
[TABLE] The four rules
In the work you are doing today
1. Are there any rules (procedures, basics)?
2. Are you following the rules?
3. Is there any room for improvement?
4. Are you discussing with someone about workplace improvements?

[PAGE 118]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social Our Approach The SUBARU Group believes that a car is more than just a means of transport, but rather a partner that enriches people’s lives by understanding and meeting their expectations. SUBARU’s DNA comes from our origin as an aircraft manufacturer, and has a focus on people. We think about what is important to people who use cars, and develop products with the necessary functions and performance. “Focus on people. Think about what is important to people who use cars. And create new value with cars.” We believe that this is what SUBARU-ness means. Having roots in the aircraft industry, we have, for more than half a century, consistently engaged in automotive manufacturing with maximum emphasis on safety performance, attaching particular importance to protecting lives in order to ensure that each and every one of our customers experiences “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind.” In our pursuit of vehicle safety performance from all perspectives, we are honing our unique safety technologies in the four areas of Primary Safety, Active Safety, Preventive Safety, and Passive Safety, plus Connected Safety, based on SUBARU’s overall safety philosophy, which focuses on delivering the world’s highest standard of safety and peace of mind for all passengers. In the future, we will further evolve this intelligence and combine advanced sensing technologies with the judgment capability of AI, improving safety in all situations. The SUBARU Group’s goal of Making Safe Vehicles will be achieved through an advanced fusion of our initiatives for Peace of Mind and People-oriented Car Culture, two of our Six Priority Areas for CSR. Our mid-term management vision “STEP” describes our efforts to enhance safety and peace of mind by setting a target of achieving zero fatal traffic accidents by 2030. As such, we are engaged in the development of vehicles that will enable us to eliminate traffic accident deaths. * Reducing to zero the number of fatal accidents occurring while a driver or passenger in a SUBARU vehicle and the number of fatalities among pedestrians, cyclists, and the like arising from collisions with a SUBARU vehicle. M anagement System In order to further accelerate its new technology development, including safety technology and electrification for making products more environmentally friendly, SUBARU has changed its development systems based on SUBARU’s overall safety philosophy, which focuses on delivering the world’s highest standard of safety and peace of mind for all passengers. In this change, it has pivoted from a system based on functional organizations (e.g., vehicle bodies and power units) to an organic combination along value and functional axes. * For more details regarding SUBARU’s car manufacturing systems, please see Environmentally Friendly Automobiles: Management System. Environmentally Friendly Automobiles: Management System A i m i ng f o r Z e ro Fatal Traffic Accidents by 2030 SUBARU has four safety areas. Primary Safety involves design that allows for a good field of vision and does not make the driver or passengers feel tired. Active Safety is controllability that allows a driver to avoid an obstacle that is in front of them, and to continue driving after avoiding it. Preventive Safety refers to pre-crash breaking, as represented by EyeSight. And Passive Safety involves damage mitigation to protect the driver and passengers in the event that an accident does occur. By polishing these four safety areas, we intend to achieve a low rate of fatal traffic accidents in the real world. SUBARU’s intention does not lie in changing everything to automatic, but rather in “Respect of what humans are good at and leave what humans are not good at to automobiles for safe transportation.” With this idea, SUBARU has polished our driver assist technology. Going forward, the evolution of Advanced Driver Assistance System (ADAS) will make it possible to slow down and avoid collisions in high-speed zones and on large bends, which is expected to be of further assistance in preventing and mitigating Making Safe Vehicles * 118 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Making Safe Vehicles
[TABLE] Making Safe Vehicles
[TABLE] Our Approach
The SUBARU Group believes that a car is more than just a means of transport, but rather a partner that enriches people’s
lives by understanding and meeting their expectations.
SUBARU’s DNA comes from our origin as an aircraft manufacturer, and has a focus on people. We think about what is
important to people who use cars, and develop products with the necessary functions and performance.
“Focus on people. Think about what is important to people who use cars. And create new value with cars.” We believe that this
is what SUBARU-ness means.
Having roots in the aircraft industry, we have, for more than half a century, consistently engaged in automotive
manufacturing with maximum emphasis on safety performance, attaching particular importance to protecting lives in order
to ensure that each and every one of our customers experiences “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind.” In our pursuit of vehicle
safety performance from all perspectives, we are honing our unique safety technologies in the four areas of Primary Safety,
Active Safety, Preventive Safety, and Passive Safety, plus Connected Safety, based on SUBARU’s overall safety philosophy,
which focuses on delivering the world’s highest standard of safety and peace of mind for all passengers. In the future, we will
further evolve this intelligence and combine advanced sensing technologies with the judgment capability of AI, improving
safety in all situations.
The SUBARU Group’s goal of Making Safe Vehicles will be achieved through an advanced fusion of our initiatives for Peace of
Mind and People-oriented Car Culture, two of our Six Priority Areas for CSR. Our mid-term management vision “STEP”
describes our efforts to enhance safety and peace of mind by setting a target of achieving zero fatal traffic accidents by
2030.* As such, we are engaged in the development of vehicles that will enable us to eliminate traffic accident deaths.
* Reducing to zero the number of fatal accidents occurring while a driver or passenger in a SUBARU vehicle and the number of fatalities
among pedestrians, cyclists, and the like arising from collisions with a SUBARU vehicle.
[TABLE] Management System
In order to further accelerate its new technology development, including safety technology and electrification for making
products more environmentally friendly, SUBARU has changed its development systems based on SUBARU’s overall safety
philosophy, which focuses on delivering the world’s highest standard of safety and peace of mind for all passengers. In this
change, it has pivoted from a system based on functional organizations (e.g., vehicle bodies and power units) to an organic
combination along value and functional axes.
* For more details regarding SUBARU’s car manufacturing systems, please see Environmentally Friendly Automobiles: Management System.
Environmentally Friendly Automobiles: Management System
[TABLE] Aiming for Zero Fatal Traffic Accidents by 2030
SUBARU has four safety areas. Primary Safety involves design that allows for a good field of vision and does not make the
driver or passengers feel tired. Active Safety is controllability that allows a driver to avoid an obstacle that is in front of
them, and to continue driving after avoiding it. Preventive Safety refers to pre-crash breaking, as represented by EyeSight.
And Passive Safety involves damage mitigation to protect the driver and passengers in the event that an accident does occur.
By polishing these four safety areas, we intend to achieve a low rate of fatal traffic accidents in the real world.
SUBARU’s intention does not lie in changing everything to automatic, but rather in “Respect of what humans are good at and
leave what humans are not good at to automobiles for safe transportation.” With this idea, SUBARU has polished our driver
assist technology.
Going forward, the evolution of Advanced Driver Assistance System (ADAS) will make it possible to slow down and avoid
collisions in high-speed zones and on large bends, which is expected to be of further assistance in preventing and mitigating
118

[PAGE 119]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social accidents. At the same time, we still face an issue that around 30% of fatal accidents primarily caused by the no-fault accidents are expected to remain under the current situation. Facing these problems, SUBARU is aiming to achieve zero fatal traffic accidents by 2030 by applying our intelligence technologies in the fields of Primary Safety, Active Safety, Preventive Safety, and Passive Safety, plus Connected Safety. Achieving a Low Rate of Fatal Traffic Accidents in the U.S. and Japan From FYE March 2009 to FYE March 2021, we carried out an investigation on the number of fatal traffic accidents involving SUBARU cars sold in the U.S., a major market, and those sold in Japan. In the U.S., SUBARU cars have maintained a rate of fatal traffic accidents that is lower than the average for major selling brands in the U.S. for 13 consecutive years . In Japan, SUBARU cars also show a rate of fatal traffic accidents that is lower than the average for other auto manufacturers in the country for 13 consecutive years. * These calculations were made independently based on data from the Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) of the U.S. and the Institute for Traffic Accident Research and Data Analysis (ITARDA) of Japan. EyeSight for 2030 ( Japanese version only) Six Priority Areas for CSR: TOPIC 03 Peace of Mind Facts about Fatal Traffic Accidents in the U.S. Ca l c u l a t ed by SUBARU ba s ed on FARS da t a F a t a l a c c i den t s pe r one mi l l i on v eh i c l e s s o l d i n t he l a s t f i v e y e a r s A v e rage o f 1 3 ma j o r b rand s s o l d i n U. S . , i n c l ud i ng SUBARU ( exc l ud i ng t r u c k s and l a r ge SUVs ) * 119 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
accidents. At the same time, we still face an issue that around 30% of fatal accidents primarily caused by the no-fault
[TABLE] accidents are expected to remain under the current situation.
Facing these problems, SUBARU is aiming to achieve zero fatal traffic accidents by 2030 by applying our intelligence
technologies in the fields of Primary Safety, Active Safety, Preventive Safety, and Passive Safety, plus Connected Safety.
Achieving a Low Rate of Fatal Traffic Accidents in the U.S. and Japan
From FYE March 2009 to FYE March 2021, we carried out an investigation on the number of fatal traffic accidents involving
SUBARU cars sold in the U.S., a major market, and those sold in Japan. In the U.S., SUBARU cars have maintained a rate of
fatal traffic accidents that is lower than the average for major selling brands in the U.S. for 13 consecutive years*. In Japan,
SUBARU cars also show a rate of fatal traffic accidents that is lower than the average for other auto manufacturers in the
country for 13 consecutive years.
* These calculations were made independently based on data from the Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) of the U.S. and the Institute
for Traffic Accident Research and Data Analysis (ITARDA) of Japan.
EyeSight for 2030 (Japanese version only)
Six Priority Areas for CSR: TOPIC 03 Peace of Mind
Facts about Fatal Traffic Accidents in the U.S.
Ca(cid:32)l(cid:32)c(cid:32)u(cid:32)l(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed by SUBARU ba(cid:32)s(cid:32)ed on FARS da(cid:32)t(cid:32)a
F(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)l a(cid:32)c(cid:32)c(cid:32)i(cid:32)den(cid:32)t(cid:32)s pe(cid:32)r one mi(cid:32)l(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)on v(cid:32)eh(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32)l(cid:32)e(cid:32)s s(cid:32)o(cid:32)l(cid:32)d i(cid:32)n t(cid:32)he l(cid:32)a(cid:32)s(cid:32)t f(cid:32)i(cid:32)v(cid:32)e y(cid:32)e(cid:32)a(cid:32)r(cid:32)s
A(cid:32)v(cid:32)e(cid:32)rage o(cid:32)f 1(cid:32)3 ma(cid:32)j(cid:32)o(cid:32)r b(cid:32)rand(cid:32)s s(cid:32)o(cid:32)l(cid:32)d i(cid:32)n U.(cid:32)S(cid:32).(cid:32), i(cid:32)n(cid:32)c(cid:32)l(cid:32)ud(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng SUBARU ((cid:32)exc(cid:32)l(cid:32)ud(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)r(cid:32)u(cid:32)c(cid:32)k(cid:32)s and l(cid:32)a(cid:32)r(cid:32)ge SUVs(cid:32))
119

[PAGE 120]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social Calculated by SUBARU based on ITARDA data (including severe injuries) Fatal accidents and severe injuries per one million vehicles sold in the last five years Average of eight Japanese car manufacturers, including SUBARU (including light vehicles but not trucks) * Fatal accidents: Incidences where the victim died within 24 hours of the initial event. Severe injuries: Includes general cases of severe injury. I n i t i a t i v e s Primary Safety SUBARU’s predecessor was an aircraft manufacturer. With aircraft, it is necessary to pursue “accident-free vehicle” design, as even a slight error in operation or judgment can cause a severe accident. Inheriting the philosophy of safety, SUBARU focuses on the primary design such as surface and operation, thereby we pursue clear, useful, and comfortable space where the driver can concentrate on driving easily. Visibility Optimized for Every Condition Early detection of danger can help avoid accidents. SUBARU has concentrated efforts on minimizing blind spots and improving visibility even under difficult conditions such as driving in rain or at night. Optimal Driving Position Optimal driving position allows drivers to move naturally, reducing fatigue and helping to improve safety and comfort while driving. It also helps the driver to steer the car precisely for taking evasive action when the risk of an accident occurs. SUBARU’s cockpit is designed to be adjusted so that every driver can find their optimal driving position. Intuitive Interface Drivers can sometimes have a lapse in concentration when checking the navigation screen or adjusting the air conditioning. To prevent this from happening, SUBARU has designed an interface layout that is easy to use. For example, the navigation screen is placed so that the driver does not need to shift their line of vision too far, while the air-conditioning system and audio controls use switches that allow for intuitive operation so that drivers do not have to take their eyes off the road. Technology: Primary Safety ( Japanese version only) * Fact s about Fata l Traf f i c Acc ident s in Japan 120 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Fact(cid:32)s about Fata(cid:32)l Traf(cid:32)f(cid:32)i(cid:32)c Acc(cid:32)ident(cid:32)s in Japan
[TABLE] Calculated by SUBARU based on ITARDA data (including severe injuries)
Fatal accidents and severe injuries* per one million vehicles sold in the last five years
Average of eight Japanese car manufacturers, including SUBARU (including light vehicles but not trucks)
* Fatal accidents: Incidences where the victim died within 24 hours of the initial event.
Severe injuries: Includes general cases of severe injury.
[TABLE] Initiatives
Primary Safety
SUBARU’s predecessor was an aircraft manufacturer. With aircraft, it is necessary to pursue “accident-free vehicle” design, as
even a slight error in operation or judgment can cause a severe accident. Inheriting the philosophy of safety, SUBARU focuses
on the primary design such as surface and operation, thereby we pursue clear, useful, and comfortable space where the
driver can concentrate on driving easily.
Visibility Optimized for Every Condition
Early detection of danger can help avoid accidents. SUBARU has concentrated efforts on minimizing blind spots and
improving visibility even under difficult conditions such as driving in rain or at night.
Optimal Driving Position
Optimal driving position allows drivers to move naturally, reducing fatigue and helping to improve safety and comfort while
driving. It also helps the driver to steer the car precisely for taking evasive action when the risk of an accident occurs.
SUBARU’s cockpit is designed to be adjusted so that every driver can find their optimal driving position.
Intuitive Interface
Drivers can sometimes have a lapse in concentration when checking the navigation screen or adjusting the air conditioning.
To prevent this from happening, SUBARU has designed an interface layout that is easy to use. For example, the navigation
screen is placed so that the driver does not need to shift their line of vision too far, while the air-conditioning system and
audio controls use switches that allow for intuitive operation so that drivers do not have to take their eyes off the road.
Technology: Primary Safety (Japanese version only)
120

[PAGE 121]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social For SUBARU, “driving” means more than simply delivering enjoyment. It is an important factor in increasing safety. To make it possible to avoid the situation safely if an accident occurs. To be able to drive safely in various weather conditions and road surfaces, the same way as during normal conditions. SUBARU has fine-tuned all the basic functions of a vehicle— driving, turning, and stopping—to develop vehicles that offer exceptional stability and predictable control in the most challenging conditions, which makes cars safer and more trustworthy. Driving Stability On the foundation of outstanding core performance, SUBARU tempers the body and suspension of its vehicles along with employing vehicle control devices that increase drivability, creating stable driving that provides peace of mind to drivers and passengers. Line Traceability Imagine being able to drive into a slippery corner on a snowy or rainy day without unpredictable car movement, turn exactly as intended through the corner, and head out of the corner smoothly. SUBARU includes a number of functions that make smooth cornering a reality. Braking Performance Braking performance is directly related to a car’s safety, particularly its hazard avoidance capabilities. SUBARU goes beyond polishing such performance, also placing great focus on peace of mind. Brakes that provide peace of mind work as predicted every time. SUBARU repeatedly tests in all environments and on all road surfaces in our quest to deliver brakes that are easy to operate regardless of weather and that react quickly at the critical moment. Technology: Active Safety ( Japanese version only) Preventive Safety Our ultimate goal is to eliminate traffic accidents. To achieve this goal, SUBARU has spent more than 20 years developing driver assistance systems. The inexpensive and highly practical EyeSight has become widespread in markets around the world, pioneering advanced safety technology. Last year, EyeSight was reborn to help aid our goal of zero fatal traffic accidents by 2030. EyeSight Core Technology We have revamped our stereo cameras at the core of EyeSight’s driver assistance. In this upgraded system, viewing angles are wider and image recognition is improved, giving it better-than-ever capabilities to distinguish cars, pedestrians, road lines, and other elements while driving. Also, thanks to improved control performance, driving SUBARU cars is now smoother and safer than ever before. Furthermore, with these new stereo cameras as a core driver and combined with four radar sensors on the front and rear of the vehicle, plus rear sonar, our system can monitor the car’s entire surroundings. This offers support to drivers in a greater variety of situations and a higher level of safety. The 2020 Levorg was the first to feature this system, and it is now being expanded to the Forester, WRX, and Legacy Outback. In addition, for 2022, we have newly adopted a wide-angle monocular camera that works in conjunction with EyeSight’s stereo camera, functioning as another eye for the system. Through a coordinated processing of information recognized by each camera, the system helps to avoid collisions with crossing bicycles and pedestrians when entering intersections at low speeds, and to mitigate damage in the event of a collision. Collision Avoidance Support Our next-generation EyeSight system greatly expands the usable scope of pre-crash braking. Now, it helps drivers avoid collisions at intersections with a high incidence of traffic accidents. It protects drivers and passengers in tense situations on the road, like oncoming vehicles, crossing pedestrians, or crossing bicycles during a turn, or vehicles approaching from the front. Approximately 40% of vehicle-to-vehicle accidents occur in situations like these. We believe our system will significantly mitigate these traffic accidents. Also, to further improve collision avoidance performance, we have newly adopted a wide-angle monocular camera in some grades to augment EyeSight’s recognition capability, in conjunction with upgrades to the Outback and Ascent, models for the North American market produced in the U.S. The wide-angle monocular camera enhances performance for recognizing pedestrians and bicycles and processes the recognized information in conjunction with the EyeSight system. When necessary, the system applies brakes to avoid collisions with crossing bicycles and pedestrians when entering intersections and helps to mitigate the damage in case of an accident. Active Safety 121 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Active Safety
[TABLE] For SUBARU, “driving” means more than simply delivering enjoyment. It is an important factor in increasing safety.
To make it possible to avoid the situation safely if an accident occurs. To be able to drive safely in various weather conditions
and road surfaces, the same way as during normal conditions. SUBARU has fine-tuned all the basic functions of a vehicle—
driving, turning, and stopping—to develop vehicles that offer exceptional stability and predictable control in the most
challenging conditions, which makes cars safer and more trustworthy.
Driving Stability
On the foundation of outstanding core performance, SUBARU tempers the body and suspension of its vehicles along with
employing vehicle control devices that increase drivability, creating stable driving that provides peace of mind to drivers and
passengers.
Line Traceability
Imagine being able to drive into a slippery corner on a snowy or rainy day without unpredictable car movement, turn exactly
as intended through the corner, and head out of the corner smoothly. SUBARU includes a number of functions that make
smooth cornering a reality.
Braking Performance
Braking performance is directly related to a car’s safety, particularly its hazard avoidance capabilities. SUBARU goes beyond
polishing such performance, also placing great focus on peace of mind. Brakes that provide peace of mind work as predicted
every time. SUBARU repeatedly tests in all environments and on all road surfaces in our quest to deliver brakes that are easy
to operate regardless of weather and that react quickly at the critical moment.
Technology: Active Safety (Japanese version only)
Preventive Safety
Our ultimate goal is to eliminate traffic accidents. To achieve this goal, SUBARU has spent more than 20 years developing
driver assistance systems. The inexpensive and highly practical EyeSight has become widespread in markets around the
world, pioneering advanced safety technology. Last year, EyeSight was reborn to help aid our goal of zero fatal traffic
accidents by 2030.
EyeSight Core Technology
We have revamped our stereo cameras at the core of EyeSight’s driver assistance. In this upgraded system, viewing angles
are wider and image recognition is improved, giving it better-than-ever capabilities to distinguish cars, pedestrians, road
lines, and other elements while driving. Also, thanks to improved control performance, driving SUBARU cars is now smoother
and safer than ever before. Furthermore, with these new stereo cameras as a core driver and combined with four radar
sensors on the front and rear of the vehicle, plus rear sonar, our system can monitor the car’s entire surroundings. This
offers support to drivers in a greater variety of situations and a higher level of safety. The 2020 Levorg was the first to
feature this system, and it is now being expanded to the Forester, WRX, and Legacy Outback. In addition, for 2022, we have
newly adopted a wide-angle monocular camera that works in conjunction with EyeSight’s stereo camera, functioning as
another eye for the system. Through a coordinated processing of information recognized by each camera, the system helps to
avoid collisions with crossing bicycles and pedestrians when entering intersections at low speeds, and to mitigate damage in
the event of a collision.
Collision Avoidance Support
Our next-generation EyeSight system greatly expands the usable scope of pre-crash braking. Now, it helps drivers avoid
collisions at intersections with a high incidence of traffic accidents. It protects drivers and passengers in tense situations on
the road, like oncoming vehicles, crossing pedestrians, or crossing bicycles during a turn, or vehicles approaching from the
front. Approximately 40% of vehicle-to-vehicle accidents occur in situations like these. We believe our system will significantly
mitigate these traffic accidents.
Also, to further improve collision avoidance performance, we have newly adopted a wide-angle monocular camera in some
grades to augment EyeSight’s recognition capability, in conjunction with upgrades to the Outback and Ascent, models for the
North American market produced in the U.S. The wide-angle monocular camera enhances performance for recognizing
pedestrians and bicycles and processes the recognized information in conjunction with the EyeSight system. When necessary,
the system applies brakes to avoid collisions with crossing bicycles and pedestrians when entering intersections and helps to
mitigate the damage in case of an accident.
121

[PAGE 122]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social Reducing Operating Burden SUBARU believes that reducing operating burden leads to greater safety. In 2020, EyeSight X was born, an evolutionary advance from our EyeSight system. This new system combines high-precision 3D maps and satellite positional data to recognize road conditions well ahead of the vehicle, beyond the detection range of stereo cameras and radar. These high-precision 3D maps constitute an important element technology at the heart of next- generation driver assistance. SUBARU was one of the first among automotive companies to apply this technology and bring it to market. It helps reduce driver burden especially on long hauls, offering a luxurious touring experience. It does this through a variety of features, including speed control at optimal levels just before curves and toll booths, active lane change assistance, and assistance during traffic congestion, including hands-off and start-and-stop support. Support for Safe Driving We have introduced a new Driver Emergency Support System. If the driver’s hands come off the steering wheel for a long time while Active Lane Keep is engaged, or when the system detects a distracted or drowsy driver while hands-off congestion driving assistance is active, it will warn the user. If the driver’s hands stay off the steering wheel even after the warning, the system determines that an emergency situation is underway, activating hazard lights and the car horn to inform nearby vehicles of the situation and gradually slowing the vehicle to a stop. Improving Visibility We have created a digital Multi-View Monitor reducing the size of blind spots around the vehicle. By displaying high- resolution video on an 11.6-inch monitor, drivers are given clearer visual information in situations like when reversing, pulling over at a curb, and at intersections with poor visibility. We have improved the size and resolution for our digital Smart Rear-View Mirror, offering support for safer rear-view confirmation. Technology: Preventive Safety ( Japanese version only) Passive Safety S i nce t he t ime o f “ Suba ru 360 , ” when we s t a r t ed mas s produc t i on , SUBARU has pos i t i oned sa f e t y as one bas i c f unc t i on t ha t ca r s shou l d have . A l so , we have been pe r f ormi ng our own or i g i na l damage mi t i ga t i on t es t s t ha t i nc l ude pro t ec t i ng pedes t r i ans s i nce t he 1960s—a t ime be f ore t h i nk i ng rega rd i ng damage mi t i ga t i on had ye t t o be f u l l y i ns t i l l ed . SUBARU ’ s damage mi t i ga t i on f unc t i ons t ake i n t o cons i de ra t i on no t on l y t he dr i ve r and pas senge r s , bu t a l so pedes t r i ans . They have rece i ved h i gh eva l ua t i ons bo t h i n J apan and a round t he wor l d . New Ring- Shaped Reinforcement Frame SUBARU has a un i que l y sa f e body des i gn . I n t he cab i n , t he p i l l a r and f rame comb i ne t o f orm a “cage . ” The purpose o f t h i s i s t o pro t ec t f rom de f orma t i on rega rd l es s o f t he ang l e f rom wh i ch t he veh i c l e i s s t ruck . A re l a t i ve l y c rushab l e zone i s prov i ded t o d i spe r se and absorb t he shock o f a powe r f u l impac t . Th i s g i ves SUBARU veh i c l es h i gh co l l i s i on absorp t i on pe r f ormance aga i ns t impac t s f rom any d i rec t i on . Front -end/Rear -end Col l i s ions Even sma l l componen t s can become as dead l y as weapons when rece i v i ng t he powe r f u l f orce o f a co l l i s i on . Based on t ha t f ac t , SUBARU equ i ps i t s veh i c l es wi t h a hor i zon t a l l y - opposed eng i ne , wh i ch has t he advan t age o f be i ng ab l e t o e f f ec t i ve l y absorb t he ene rgy f rom a co l l i s i on . Dur i ng a f ron t - end co l l i s i on , no t on l y can i t eas i l y s l i p unde r t he f l oor, bu t t he f rame t ha t absorbs t he shock can ex t end s ymme t r i ca l l y as we l l as s t ra i gh t . Each componen t o f t he cab i n i s made o f shock - absorb i ng ma t e r i a l s i n orde r t o pro t ec t l i ves . S ide Col l i s ions/Rol lovers To pro t ec t t he dr i ve r and pas senge r s dur i ng a s i de co l l i s i on , an ex t reme l y r i g i d s i de door beam i s i ns t a l l ed i n t he door. I n add i t i on t o t ha t , t he new h i gh - r i g i d i t y R i ng - Shaped Re i n f orcemen t F rame pro t ec t s t he cab i n space dur i ng a co l l i s i on or ro l l ove r. Fur t he rmore , seve ra l k i nds o f a i rbags and ene rgy - absorb i ng ma t e r i a l s l i ne t he en t i re ca r, pro t ec t i ng eve r y pe r son i ns i de t he cab i n . 122 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Reducing Operating Burden
[TABLE] SUBARU believes that reducing operating burden leads to greater safety.
In 2020, EyeSight X was born, an evolutionary advance from our EyeSight system. This new system combines high-precision
3D maps and satellite positional data to recognize road conditions well ahead of the vehicle, beyond the detection range of
stereo cameras and radar. These high-precision 3D maps constitute an important element technology at the heart of next-
generation driver assistance. SUBARU was one of the first among automotive companies to apply this technology and bring it
to market. It helps reduce driver burden especially on long hauls, offering a luxurious touring experience. It does this
through a variety of features, including speed control at optimal levels just before curves and toll booths, active lane change
assistance, and assistance during traffic congestion, including hands-off and start-and-stop support.
Support for Safe Driving
We have introduced a new Driver Emergency Support System. If the driver’s hands come off the steering wheel for a long
time while Active Lane Keep is engaged, or when the system detects a distracted or drowsy driver while hands-off congestion
driving assistance is active, it will warn the user. If the driver’s hands stay off the steering wheel even after the warning, the
system determines that an emergency situation is underway, activating hazard lights and the car horn to inform nearby
vehicles of the situation and gradually slowing the vehicle to a stop.
Improving Visibility
We have created a digital Multi-View Monitor reducing the size of blind spots around the vehicle. By displaying high-
resolution video on an 11.6-inch monitor, drivers are given clearer visual information in situations like when reversing,
pulling over at a curb, and at intersections with poor visibility. We have improved the size and resolution for our digital Smart
Rear-View Mirror, offering support for safer rear-view confirmation.
Technology: Preventive Safety (Japanese version only)
Passive Safety
S(cid:32)i(cid:32)nce t(cid:32)he t(cid:32)ime o(cid:32)f “(cid:32)Suba(cid:32)ru 360(cid:32),(cid:32)” when we s(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)r(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed mas(cid:32)s produc(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on(cid:32), SUBARU has pos(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)oned sa(cid:32)f(cid:32)e(cid:32)t(cid:32)y as one bas(cid:32)i(cid:32)c f(cid:32)unc(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on t(cid:32)ha(cid:32)t(cid:32)
ca(cid:32)r(cid:32)s shou(cid:32)l(cid:32)d have(cid:32). A(cid:32)l(cid:32)so(cid:32), we have been pe(cid:32)r(cid:32)f(cid:32)ormi(cid:32)ng our own or(cid:32)i(cid:32)g(cid:32)i(cid:32)na(cid:32)l damage mi(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ga(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on t(cid:32)es(cid:32)t(cid:32)s t(cid:32)ha(cid:32)t i(cid:32)nc(cid:32)l(cid:32)ude pro(cid:32)t(cid:32)ec(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng(cid:32)
pedes(cid:32)t(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)ans s(cid:32)i(cid:32)nce t(cid:32)he 1960s—a t(cid:32)ime be(cid:32)f(cid:32)ore t(cid:32)h(cid:32)i(cid:32)nk(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng rega(cid:32)rd(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng damage mi(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ga(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on had ye(cid:32)t t(cid:32)o be f(cid:32)u(cid:32)l(cid:32)l(cid:32)y i(cid:32)ns(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)l(cid:32)ed(cid:32). SUBARU(cid:32)’(cid:32)s(cid:32)
damage mi(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ga(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on f(cid:32)unc(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons t(cid:32)ake i(cid:32)n(cid:32)t(cid:32)o cons(cid:32)i(cid:32)de(cid:32)ra(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on no(cid:32)t on(cid:32)l(cid:32)y t(cid:32)he dr(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve(cid:32)r and pas(cid:32)senge(cid:32)r(cid:32)s(cid:32), bu(cid:32)t a(cid:32)l(cid:32)so pedes(cid:32)t(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)ans(cid:32). They have(cid:32)
rece(cid:32)i(cid:32)ved h(cid:32)i(cid:32)gh eva(cid:32)l(cid:32)ua(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons bo(cid:32)t(cid:32)h i(cid:32)n J(cid:32)apan and a(cid:32)round t(cid:32)he wor(cid:32)l(cid:32)d(cid:32).
New Ring-(cid:32)Shaped Reinforcement Frame
SUBARU has a un(cid:32)i(cid:32)que(cid:32)l(cid:32)y sa(cid:32)f(cid:32)e body des(cid:32)i(cid:32)gn(cid:32). I(cid:32)n t(cid:32)he cab(cid:32)i(cid:32)n(cid:32), t(cid:32)he p(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)l(cid:32)a(cid:32)r and f(cid:32)rame comb(cid:32)i(cid:32)ne t(cid:32)o f(cid:32)orm a “cage(cid:32).(cid:32)” The purpose o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)h(cid:32)i(cid:32)s i(cid:32)s(cid:32)
t(cid:32)o pro(cid:32)t(cid:32)ec(cid:32)t f(cid:32)rom de(cid:32)f(cid:32)orma(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on rega(cid:32)rd(cid:32)l(cid:32)es(cid:32)s o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he ang(cid:32)l(cid:32)e f(cid:32)rom wh(cid:32)i(cid:32)ch t(cid:32)he veh(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32)l(cid:32)e i(cid:32)s s(cid:32)t(cid:32)ruck(cid:32). A re(cid:32)l(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve(cid:32)l(cid:32)y c(cid:32)rushab(cid:32)l(cid:32)e zone i(cid:32)s prov(cid:32)i(cid:32)ded(cid:32)
t(cid:32)o d(cid:32)i(cid:32)spe(cid:32)r(cid:32)se and absorb t(cid:32)he shock o(cid:32)f a powe(cid:32)r(cid:32)f(cid:32)u(cid:32)l impac(cid:32)t(cid:32). Th(cid:32)i(cid:32)s g(cid:32)i(cid:32)ves SUBARU veh(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32)l(cid:32)es h(cid:32)i(cid:32)gh co(cid:32)l(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)on absorp(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on pe(cid:32)r(cid:32)f(cid:32)ormance(cid:32)
aga(cid:32)i(cid:32)ns(cid:32)t impac(cid:32)t(cid:32)s f(cid:32)rom any d(cid:32)i(cid:32)rec(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on(cid:32).
Front(cid:32)-end/Rear(cid:32)-end Col(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)ions
Even sma(cid:32)l(cid:32)l componen(cid:32)t(cid:32)s can become as dead(cid:32)l(cid:32)y as weapons when rece(cid:32)i(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)he powe(cid:32)r(cid:32)f(cid:32)u(cid:32)l f(cid:32)orce o(cid:32)f a co(cid:32)l(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)on(cid:32). Based on t(cid:32)ha(cid:32)t(cid:32)
f(cid:32)ac(cid:32)t(cid:32), SUBARU equ(cid:32)i(cid:32)ps i(cid:32)t(cid:32)s veh(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32)l(cid:32)es wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h a hor(cid:32)i(cid:32)zon(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)l(cid:32)l(cid:32)y(cid:32)-(cid:32)opposed eng(cid:32)i(cid:32)ne(cid:32), wh(cid:32)i(cid:32)ch has t(cid:32)he advan(cid:32)t(cid:32)age o(cid:32)f be(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng ab(cid:32)l(cid:32)e t(cid:32)o e(cid:32)f(cid:32)f(cid:32)ec(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve(cid:32)l(cid:32)y(cid:32)
absorb t(cid:32)he ene(cid:32)rgy f(cid:32)rom a co(cid:32)l(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)on(cid:32). Dur(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng a f(cid:32)ron(cid:32)t(cid:32)-(cid:32)end co(cid:32)l(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)on(cid:32), no(cid:32)t on(cid:32)l(cid:32)y can i(cid:32)t eas(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)y s(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)p unde(cid:32)r t(cid:32)he f(cid:32)l(cid:32)oor, bu(cid:32)t t(cid:32)he f(cid:32)rame t(cid:32)ha(cid:32)t(cid:32)
absorbs t(cid:32)he shock can ex(cid:32)t(cid:32)end s(cid:32)ymme(cid:32)t(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)ca(cid:32)l(cid:32)l(cid:32)y as we(cid:32)l(cid:32)l as s(cid:32)t(cid:32)ra(cid:32)i(cid:32)gh(cid:32)t(cid:32). Each componen(cid:32)t o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he cab(cid:32)i(cid:32)n i(cid:32)s made o(cid:32)f shock(cid:32)-(cid:32)absorb(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng(cid:32)
ma(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)l(cid:32)s i(cid:32)n orde(cid:32)r t(cid:32)o pro(cid:32)t(cid:32)ec(cid:32)t l(cid:32)i(cid:32)ves(cid:32).
S(cid:32)ide Col(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)ions/Rol(cid:32)lovers
To pro(cid:32)t(cid:32)ec(cid:32)t t(cid:32)he dr(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve(cid:32)r and pas(cid:32)senge(cid:32)r(cid:32)s dur(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng a s(cid:32)i(cid:32)de co(cid:32)l(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)on(cid:32), an ex(cid:32)t(cid:32)reme(cid:32)l(cid:32)y r(cid:32)i(cid:32)g(cid:32)i(cid:32)d s(cid:32)i(cid:32)de door beam i(cid:32)s i(cid:32)ns(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)l(cid:32)l(cid:32)ed i(cid:32)n t(cid:32)he door. I(cid:32)n(cid:32)
add(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on t(cid:32)o t(cid:32)ha(cid:32)t(cid:32), t(cid:32)he new h(cid:32)i(cid:32)gh(cid:32)-(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)g(cid:32)i(cid:32)d(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)y R(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng(cid:32)-(cid:32)Shaped Re(cid:32)i(cid:32)n(cid:32)f(cid:32)orcemen(cid:32)t F(cid:32)rame pro(cid:32)t(cid:32)ec(cid:32)t(cid:32)s t(cid:32)he cab(cid:32)i(cid:32)n space dur(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng a co(cid:32)l(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)on or(cid:32)
ro(cid:32)l(cid:32)l(cid:32)ove(cid:32)r. Fur(cid:32)t(cid:32)he(cid:32)rmore(cid:32), seve(cid:32)ra(cid:32)l k(cid:32)i(cid:32)nds o(cid:32)f a(cid:32)i(cid:32)rbags and ene(cid:32)rgy(cid:32)-(cid:32)absorb(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng ma(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)l(cid:32)s l(cid:32)i(cid:32)ne t(cid:32)he en(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)re ca(cid:32)r, pro(cid:32)t(cid:32)ec(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng eve(cid:32)r(cid:32)y pe(cid:32)r(cid:32)son(cid:32)
i(cid:32)ns(cid:32)i(cid:32)de t(cid:32)he cab(cid:32)i(cid:32)n(cid:32).
122

[PAGE 123]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social Furthermore, our cars are designed to absorb the shock from components such as the hinge and hood stay. SUBARU’s four safety areas, which take into consideration all forms of safety, can be found in all of our designs and initiatives, such as becoming the first Japanese automobile manufacturer to install Pedestrian Protection Airbags. Safety Recognized around the World SUBARU’s damage mitigation features have received high evaluations in safety assessments from countries all around the world. Technology: Passive Safety ( Japanese version only) Connected Safety We use connection technology and data based on SUBARU’s four safety areas of Primary Safety, Active Safety, Preventive Safety, and Passive Safety, and develop new technologies and services to further pursue safety. Our vehicles feature the Advanced Automatic Collision Notification (AACN) system. In the event of a collision that triggers the airbags, it automatically connects to a call center and coordinates with the police, emergency services, and medical institutions, aiding in more speedy rescue activities. In addition, SUBARU’s mass market car models are equipped with the Driver Monitoring System, which attentively watches over the state of the driver. It detects when the driver looks away or shows signs of sleepiness, and sends an alert. Going forward, we will couple it with various controls. Car Assessments SUBARU undergoes safety performance testing and assessment of public organizations in and out of Japan including JNCAP in Japan, IIHS in the U.S., Euro NCAP in Europe, and ANCAP in Australia, and has gained the highest rank of assessment in most of them. In FYE March 2022, the new Legacy Outback won the JNCAP Five Star Vehicle Safety Performance 2021 Award, the highest rating in the Japan New Car Assessment Program ( JNCAP). This is the second consecutive year that we have earned this highest rating, following last year’s win by the SUBARU Levorg. At the IIHS, as of May 2022, six of SUBARU’s 2022MY (model year) vehicles had won the organization’s 2022 TOP SAFETY PICK+ (TSP+) Award, and two vehicles had won its 2022 TSP Award. In addition, SUBARU’s Ascent and Forester were selected for the IIHS Seat Belt Reminder evaluation test, a program launched in March 2022. Both vehicles received the highest rating of “Good.” Euro NCAP and ANCAP both gave the Outback a five-star rating in their 2021 assessments. *1 IIHS: Insurance Institute for Highway Safety *2 Euro NCAP: European New Car Assessment Programme, a safety information disclosure program for automobiles in Europe. *3 ANCAP: The Australasian New Car Assessment Program, a safety performance assessment program conducted since 1993 by an independent organization created by Australian and New Zealand transit authorities. *1 *2 *3 Protect ing Pedestr ians SUBARU s t r i ves t o pro t ec t no t on l y our dr i ve r s and pas senge r s bu t a l so pedes t r i ans . For examp l e , our hor i zon t a l l y - opposed eng i nes have a wi de ene rgy absorp t i on space be tween t he f ron t hood and eng i ne un i t . Th i s reduces damage f rom be i ng s t ruck by t he t op o f t he hood , wh i ch i s a h i gh l y probab l e head i n j ur y f or pedes t r i ans . 123 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Protect(cid:32)ing Pedestr(cid:32)ians
[TABLE] SUBARU s(cid:32)t(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)ves t(cid:32)o pro(cid:32)t(cid:32)ec(cid:32)t no(cid:32)t on(cid:32)l(cid:32)y our dr(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve(cid:32)r(cid:32)s and pas(cid:32)senge(cid:32)r(cid:32)s bu(cid:32)t a(cid:32)l(cid:32)so pedes(cid:32)t(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)ans(cid:32).
For examp(cid:32)l(cid:32)e(cid:32), our hor(cid:32)i(cid:32)zon(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)l(cid:32)l(cid:32)y(cid:32)-(cid:32)opposed eng(cid:32)i(cid:32)nes have a wi(cid:32)de ene(cid:32)rgy absorp(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on space be(cid:32)tween t(cid:32)he f(cid:32)ron(cid:32)t hood and eng(cid:32)i(cid:32)ne un(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32).(cid:32)Thi(cid:32)s(cid:32) reduces
damage f(cid:32)rom be(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng s(cid:32)t(cid:32)ruck by t(cid:32)he t(cid:32)op o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he hood(cid:32), wh(cid:32)i(cid:32)ch i(cid:32)s a h(cid:32)i(cid:32)gh(cid:32)l(cid:32)y probab(cid:32)l(cid:32)e head i(cid:32)n(cid:32)j(cid:32)ur(cid:32)y f(cid:32)or pedes(cid:32)t(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)ans(cid:32).
Furthermore, our cars are designed to absorb the shock from components such as the hinge and hood stay. SUBARU’s four
safety areas, which take into consideration all forms of safety, can be found in all of our designs and initiatives, such as
becoming the first Japanese automobile manufacturer to install Pedestrian Protection Airbags.
Safety Recognized around the World
SUBARU’s damage mitigation features have received high evaluations in safety assessments from countries all around the
world.
Technology: Passive Safety (Japanese version only)
Connected Safety
We use connection technology and data based on SUBARU’s four safety areas of Primary Safety, Active Safety, Preventive
Safety, and Passive Safety, and develop new technologies and services to further pursue safety. Our vehicles feature the
Advanced Automatic Collision Notification (AACN) system. In the event of a collision that triggers the airbags, it automatically
connects to a call center and coordinates with the police, emergency services, and medical institutions, aiding in more
speedy rescue activities. In addition, SUBARU’s mass market car models are equipped with the Driver Monitoring System,
which attentively watches over the state of the driver. It detects when the driver looks away or shows signs of sleepiness, and
sends an alert. Going forward, we will couple it with various controls.
Car Assessments
SUBARU undergoes safety performance testing and assessment of public organizations in and out of Japan including JNCAP in
Japan, IIHS*1 in the U.S., Euro NCAP*2 in Europe, and ANCAP*3 in Australia, and has gained the highest rank of assessment in
most of them.
In FYE March 2022, the new Legacy Outback won the JNCAP Five Star Vehicle Safety Performance 2021 Award, the highest
rating in the Japan New Car Assessment Program (JNCAP). This is the second consecutive year that we have earned this
highest rating, following last year’s win by the SUBARU Levorg. At the IIHS, as of May 2022, six of SUBARU’s 2022MY (model
year) vehicles had won the organization’s 2022 TOP SAFETY PICK+ (TSP+) Award, and two vehicles had won its 2022 TSP Award.
In addition, SUBARU’s Ascent and Forester were selected for the IIHS Seat Belt Reminder evaluation test, a program launched
in March 2022. Both vehicles received the highest rating of “Good.” Euro NCAP and ANCAP both gave the Outback a five-star
rating in their 2021 assessments.
*1 IIHS: Insurance Institute for Highway Safety
*2 Euro NCAP: European New Car Assessment Programme, a safety information disclosure program for automobiles in Europe.
*3 ANCAP: The Australasian New Car Assessment Program, a safety performance assessment program conducted since 1993 by an
independent organization created by Australian and New Zealand transit authorities.
123

[PAGE 124]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social FYE March 2022 Commendations Assessed Automobiles Assessment Organization Assessment Legacy Outback JNCAP, Japan Vehicle Safety Performance JNCAP Best Award 2021 JNCAP Five Star Award 2021 2022 models of the Crosstrek Hybrid, Legacy, Outback, Forester, Ascent, BRZ (with optional EyeSight) (U.S.-specification models only) IIHS, U.S. 2022 TSP+ Award 2022 models of the Impreza (5-door) and Crosstrek (all with optional EyeSight and specific headlights) (U.S.-specification models only) IIHS, U.S. 2022 TSP Award Outback Euro NCAP, Europe 2021 Five-star rating Outback ANCAP, Australia 2021 Five-star rating *1 As of May 2022 *2 In the IIHS’s publication of vehicle safety information, the TOP SAFETY PICK (TSP) Award is given to vehicles that earned the rating of “Good” in all test results including the Offset Frontal Test, the Driver-side Small Overlap Front Test, the Passenger-side Small Overlap Front Test, the Side Crash Test, the Rear Impact Test, and the Rollover Test and the rating of “Acceptable” or higher in the Headlight Evaluation, as well as the rating of “Advanced” or higher in the vehicle-to-vehicle and vehicle-to-pedestrian tests. In addition to these ratings, vehicles which have been installed the headlights which earned the rating of “Acceptable” or higher in the Headlight Evaluation as a standard equipment are awarded the TOP SAFETY PICK+ (TSP+) Award. Safety Is Our DNA Since its founding, the core of the SUBARU Group, an organization with roots in the aircraft industry, has been to put people first and to engage in people-oriented manufacturing. We believe that safety is the most critical basic function for cars. Since the launch of Subaru 360 more than half a century ago, we have passed this belief on as an element of our company DNA, making relentless efforts in every era to perfect the most essential functions of a car—driving, turning, and stopping— reflected in our unique engineering know-how, including all-around safety performance. Looking to the future, SUBARU will continue to engage in automotive manufacturing with a philosophy of “All-Around Safety” and maximum emphasis on safety performance. Technology Accentuating SUBARU-ness: Enjoyment and Peace of Mind *1 *2 *2 SINCE 1917 Ensuring Safety for Pilots Our DNA of Safety is Inherited from Aircraft Development At the core of SUBARU’s safety development expertise lie traits acquired from developing aircrafts. With aircraft, the implementation of ideas and countermeasures within the vehicle’s basic structure prevents the onset of danger. One indispensable safety feature of aircrafts is the ability for the pilot to be able to secure an all-around unobstructed line of sight. This approach to safety has not diminished even after SUBARU moved into automobile manufacturing. 124 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
FYE March 2022 Commendations
[TABLE] FYE March 2022 Commendations
[TABLE] Assessment
Assessed Automobiles Assessment
Organization
Vehicle Safety Performance
Legacy Outback JNCAP Best Award 2021
JNCAP Five Star Award 2021
JNCAP, Japan
2022 models of the Crosstrek Hybrid, Legacy, Outback,
2022 TSP+ Award*2
Forester, Ascent, BRZ (with optional EyeSight)*1 (U.S.-specification
models only)
IIHS, U.S.
2022 models of the Impreza (5-door) and Crosstrek (all
2022 TSP Award*2
with optional EyeSight and specific headlights) (U.S.-specification
models only)
IIHS, U.S.
Outback 2021 Five-star rating
Euro NCAP, Europe
Outback 2021 Five-star rating
ANCAP, Australia
*1 As of May 2022
*2 In the IIHS’s publication of vehicle safety information, the TOP SAFETY PICK (TSP) Award is given to vehicles that earned the rating of
“Good” in all test results including the Offset Frontal Test, the Driver-side Small Overlap Front Test, the Passenger-side Small Overlap
Front Test, the Side Crash Test, the Rear Impact Test, and the Rollover Test and the rating of “Acceptable” or higher in the Headlight
Evaluation, as well as the rating of “Advanced” or higher in the vehicle-to-vehicle and vehicle-to-pedestrian tests. In addition to these
ratings, vehicles which have been installed the headlights which earned the rating of “Acceptable” or higher in the Headlight Evaluation
as a standard equipment are awarded the TOP SAFETY PICK+ (TSP+) Award.
Safety Is Our DNA
Since its founding, the core of the SUBARU Group, an organization with roots in the aircraft industry, has been to put people
first and to engage in people-oriented manufacturing. We believe that safety is the most critical basic function for cars. Since
the launch of Subaru 360 more than half a century ago, we have passed this belief on as an element of our company DNA,
making relentless efforts in every era to perfect the most essential functions of a car—driving, turning, and stopping—
reflected in our unique engineering know-how, including all-around safety performance. Looking to the future, SUBARU will
continue to engage in automotive manufacturing with a philosophy of “All-Around Safety” and maximum emphasis on safety
performance.
Technology Accentuating SUBARU-ness: Enjoyment and Peace of Mind
SINCE 1917 Ensuring Safety for Pilots
Our DNA of Safety is Inherited from Aircraft Development
At the core of SUBARU’s safety development expertise lie traits acquired from developing aircrafts. With aircraft, the
implementation of ideas and countermeasures within the vehicle’s basic structure prevents the onset of danger. One
indispensable safety feature of aircrafts is the ability for the pilot to be able to secure an all-around unobstructed line of
sight. This approach to safety has not diminished even after SUBARU moved into automobile manufacturing.
124
[TABLE] Assessed Automobiles | Assessment
Organization | Assessment
[TABLE] Legacy Outback | JNCAP, Japan | Vehicle Safety Performance
JNCAP Best Award 2021
JNCAP Five Star Award 2021
[TABLE] 2022 models of the Crosstrek Hybrid, Legacy, Outback,
Forester, Ascent, BRZ (with optional EyeSight)*1 | (U.S.-specification
models only)
IIHS, U.S. | 2022 TSP+ Award*2
[TABLE] 2022 models of the Impreza (5-door) and Crosstrek (all
with optional EyeSight and specific headlights) | (U.S.-specification
models only)
IIHS, U.S. | 2022 TSP Award*2
[TABLE] Outback | Euro NCAP, Europe | 2021 Five-star rating
[TABLE] Outback | ANCAP, Australia | 2021 Five-star rating

[PAGE 125]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social Going ahead of the Times: Developing a Vehicle Body for Collision Safety Based on All-Around Safety Subaru 360 had played an important role in expanding the popularization of automobiles during the period of high economic development. SUBARU has dedicated itself to developing vehicle bodies for collision safety following the principle of All-Around Safety–effectively absorbing shock from collisions in all directions and protecting the driver and passengers with a cabin structure of robust strength–since that period. SUBARU pushed forward independent research on car body structure and how it affects human body, and pursued superior collision safety technologies ahead of the times. SINCE 1960 Ensuring Safety for Drivers SINCE 1970 Ensuring Safe Driving, Turning, and Braking Developing Proprietary Technologies for Enhanced Driving Safety Fundamental automobile performance in terms of driving, turning, and braking differs significantly depending on the location of the center of gravity and the type of drive train. A low center of gravity and a drive train that delivers power to all of the wheels give constant stability when driving. In 1966, we launched the Subaru 1000—a FWD vehicle with a horizontally-opposed engine—and, in 1972, the 4WD Subaru Leone. Since that time, SUBARU has continued to pursue safe and stable driving performance with our proprietary technologies. IN THE 1980s & 1990s Ensuring Safety for Drivers and Passengers Legacy Launched. Development of Driving Assistance Systems Our flagship Legacy model set a world speed record in January 1989 for 100,000 km of continuous driving, demonstrating both reliable driving performance and mechanical endurance. Furthermore, SUBARU commercialized Active Driving Assist (ADA), a driving assistance system using stereo cameras which was the predecessor of our current EyeSight technology. IN THE 2000s & 2010s Ensuring Safety for Everyone Commerc ial i zed EyeS ight Mak ing the Lates t Advanced Safety Features Standard Equipment on Al l Vehi c l es SUBARU comme rc i a l i zed our EyeS i gh t t echno l ogy, f ea t ur i ng s t e reo came ras cons t an t l y sur vey i ng t he a rea f orwa rd o f t he veh i c l e and wa rn i ngs and pre - c rash brak i ng f unc t i ons f or mi t i ga t i ng damage f rom ac c i den t s . I n 2017 , we began f i t t i ng veh i c l es wi t h t he new Tour i ng As s i s t f unc t i on , ex t end i ng t he mi n imum speed a t wh i ch Lane Keep As s i s t can ope ra t e f rom 60 km/ h t o 0 km/ h . Mov i ng f orwa rd , SUBARU i s engag i ng i n deve l opmen t f or even more l ead i ng - edge t echno l og i es . 125 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Messa | ge on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Resp | ect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human | Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
SINCE 1960 Ensuring Safety for Drivers
[TABLE] Going ahead of the Times: Developing a Vehicle Body for Collision
Safety Based on All-Around Safety
Subaru 360 had played an important role in expanding the popularization of
automobiles during the period of high economic development. SUBARU has
dedicated itself to developing vehicle bodies for collision safety following the
principle of All-Around Safety–effectively absorbing shock from collisions in all
directions and protecting the driver and passengers with a cabin structure of
robust strength–since that period. SUBARU pushed forward independent
research on car body structure and how it affects human body, and pursued
superior collision safety technologies ahead of the times.
SINCE 1970 Ensuring Safe Driving, Turning, and Braking
Developing Proprietary Technologies for Enhanced Driving Safety
Fundamental automobile performance in terms of driving, turning, and braking differs significantly depending on the
location of the center of gravity and the type of drive train. A low center of gravity and a drive train that delivers power
to all of the wheels give constant stability when driving.
In 1966, we launched the Subaru 1000—a FWD vehicle with a horizontally-opposed engine—and, in 1972, the 4WD Subaru
Leone. Since that time, SUBARU has continued to pursue safe and stable driving performance with our proprietary
technologies.
IN THE 1980s & 1990s Ensuring Safety for Drivers and Passengers
Legacy Launched. Development of Driving Assistance Systems
Our flagship Legacy model set a world speed record in January 1989 for 100,000 km of continuous driving, demonstrating
both reliable driving performance and mechanical endurance. Furthermore, SUBARU commercialized Active Driving Assist
(ADA), a driving assistance system using stereo cameras which was the predecessor of our current EyeSight technology.
IN THE 2000s & 2010s Ensuring Safety for Everyone
Commerc(cid:32)ial(cid:32)i(cid:32)zed EyeS(cid:32)ight
Mak(cid:32)ing the Lates(cid:32)t Advanced Safety Features Standard Equipment on Al(cid:32)l Vehi(cid:32)c(cid:32)l(cid:32)es
SUBARU comme(cid:32)rc(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)zed our EyeS(cid:32)i(cid:32)gh(cid:32)t t(cid:32)echno(cid:32)l(cid:32)ogy, f(cid:32)ea(cid:32)t(cid:32)ur(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng s(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)reo came(cid:32)ras cons(cid:32)t(cid:32)an(cid:32)t(cid:32)l(cid:32)y sur(cid:32)vey(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)he a(cid:32)rea f(cid:32)orwa(cid:32)rd o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he(cid:32)
veh(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32)l(cid:32)e and wa(cid:32)rn(cid:32)i(cid:32)ngs and pre(cid:32)-(cid:32)c(cid:32)rash brak(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng f(cid:32)unc(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons f(cid:32)or mi(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ga(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng damage f(cid:32)rom ac(cid:32)c(cid:32)i(cid:32)den(cid:32)t(cid:32)s(cid:32). I(cid:32)n 2017(cid:32), we began f(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng(cid:32)
veh(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32)l(cid:32)es wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h t(cid:32)he new Tour(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng As(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)t f(cid:32)unc(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on(cid:32), ex(cid:32)t(cid:32)end(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)he mi(cid:32)n(cid:32)imum speed a(cid:32)t wh(cid:32)i(cid:32)ch Lane Keep As(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)t can ope(cid:32)ra(cid:32)t(cid:32)e f(cid:32)rom(cid:32)
60 km/(cid:32)h t(cid:32)o 0 km/(cid:32)h(cid:32).
Mov(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng f(cid:32)orwa(cid:32)rd(cid:32), SUBARU i(cid:32)s engag(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng i(cid:32)n deve(cid:32)l(cid:32)opmen(cid:32)t f(cid:32)or even more l(cid:32)ead(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng(cid:32)-(cid:32)edge t(cid:32)echno(cid:32)l(cid:32)og(cid:32)i(cid:32)es(cid:32).
125

[PAGE 126]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social The SUBARU Global Platform has brought about driving dynamics lending enjoyment to operating its vehicles. This has been achieved by top-class passive safety performance recognized by global safety assessments, as well as driving quality achieving new levels of comfort and maneuverability and top-class vibration reduction thanks to stability, as well as low noise. FROM THE 2020s Next-Generation EyeSight, EyeSight X Evolutionary innovation in EyeSight The next-generation EyeSight system enables 360-degree sensor capabilities from the wide-angle stereo camera and four radar units located at the front and rear of the vehicle. This contributes to safe driving in an even wider range of situations, like encounters with vehicles, pedestrians, and bicycles at intersections with poor visibility and when turning left or right. Stereo cameras, which can measure distance in the same way as the human eye, can distinguish between vehicles, pedestrians, and road lines. The system boasts high recognition performance with its wide viewing angle and viewing distance. The software, which functions as the “brain” of the system, takes this information and the state of the vehicle’s operation to determine the necessary controls, executing these in a manner that fits the situation, supporting safe driving with peace of mind and comfort. Furthermore, EyeSight X achieves a new dimension of advanced safety technology with its newly developed system utilizing the QZSS “Michibiki” satellite system, GPS, and high-precision map data. FROM THE 2020s Evolution of the SUBARU Global Platform Evolving ourselves to the next stage, in pursuit of our ideals In order to bring the performance of the SUBARU Global Platform to an even higher level, we have adopted new full inner frame construction technology to enhance rigidity across the entire body. This has dramatically improved body rigidity. Going forward, we are also working to evolve the very basis of our vehicles, that being the platform that leads to all kinds of performance improvements, such as driving performance, comfort, and passive safety. The SUBARU Global Plat form Achi ev ing new l eve l s of both comfor t and maneuverabi l i ty 126 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Messa | ge on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Resp | ect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human | Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
The SUBARU Global Plat(cid:32)form
[TABLE] Achi(cid:32)ev(cid:32)ing new l(cid:32)eve(cid:32)l(cid:32)s of both comfor(cid:32)t and maneuverabi(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)ty
The SUBARU Global Platform has brought about driving dynamics lending enjoyment to operating its vehicles. This has
been achieved by top-class passive safety performance recognized by global safety assessments, as well as driving quality
achieving new levels of comfort and maneuverability and top-class vibration reduction thanks to stability, as well as low
noise.
FROM THE 2020s Next-Generation EyeSight, EyeSight X
Evolutionary innovation in EyeSight
The next-generation EyeSight system enables 360-degree sensor capabilities from the wide-angle stereo camera and four
radar units located at the front and rear of the vehicle. This contributes to safe driving in an even wider range of
situations, like encounters with vehicles, pedestrians, and bicycles at intersections with poor visibility and when turning
left or right. Stereo cameras, which can measure distance in the same way as the human eye, can distinguish between
vehicles, pedestrians, and road lines. The system boasts high recognition performance with its wide viewing angle and
viewing distance. The software, which functions as the “brain” of the system, takes this information and the state of the
vehicle’s operation to determine the necessary controls, executing these in a manner that fits the situation, supporting
safe driving with peace of mind and comfort. Furthermore, EyeSight X achieves a new dimension of advanced safety
technology with its newly developed system utilizing the QZSS “Michibiki” satellite system, GPS, and high-precision map
data.
FROM THE 2020s Evolution of the SUBARU Global Platform
Evolving ourselves to the next stage, in pursuit of our ideals
In order to bring the performance of the SUBARU Global Platform to an even higher level, we have adopted new full inner
frame construction technology to enhance rigidity across the entire body. This has dramatically improved body rigidity.
Going forward, we are also working to evolve the very basis of our vehicles, that being the platform that leads to all kinds
of performance improvements, such as driving performance, comfort, and passive safety.
126 | Achi(cid:32)ev(cid:32)ing new l(cid:32)eve(cid:32)l(cid:32)s of both comfor(cid:32)t and maneuverabi(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)ty
The SUBARU Global Platform has brought about driving dynamics lending enjoyment to operating its vehicles. This has
been achieved by top-class passive safety performance recognized by global safety assessments, as well as driving quality
achieving new levels of comfort and maneuverability and top-class vibration reduction thanks to stability, as well as low
noise.
FROM THE 2020s Next-Generation EyeSight, EyeSight X
Evolutionary innovation in EyeSight
The next-generation EyeSight system enables 360-degree sensor capabilities from the wide-angle stereo camera and four
radar units located at the front and rear of the vehicle. This contributes to safe driving in an even wider range of
situations, like encounters with vehicles, pedestrians, and bicycles at intersections with poor visibility and when turning
left or right. Stereo cameras, which can measure distance in the same way as the human eye, can distinguish between
vehicles, pedestrians, and road lines. The system boasts high recognition performance with its wide viewing angle and
viewing distance. The software, which functions as the “brain” of the system, takes this information and the state of the
vehicle’s operation to determine the necessary controls, executing these in a manner that fits the situation, supporting
safe driving with peace of mind and comfort. Furthermore, EyeSight X achieves a new dimension of advanced safety
technology with its newly developed system utilizing the QZSS “Michibiki” satellite system, GPS, and high-precision map
data.
FROM THE 2020s Evolution of the SUBARU Global Platform
Evolving ourselves to the next stage, in pursuit of our ideals
In order to bring the performance of the SUBARU Global Platform to an even higher level, we have adopted new full inner
frame construction technology to enhance rigidity across the entire body. This has dramatically improved body rigidity.
Going forward, we are also working to evolve the very basis of our vehicles, that being the platform that leads to all kinds
of performance improvements, such as driving performance, comfort, and passive safety.

[PAGE 127]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social In recent years, reduction of CO emissions has become a major environmental issue on a global basis, and this also encompasses aircraft. At the same time, electrification has garnered attention as a way to reduce environmental burdens. The Aerospace Company is active as a Steering Committee member of the Electrification Challenge for Aircraft (ECLAIR) Consortium, spearheaded by the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency ( JAXA), a national research and development agency. The Company has also formulated a future vision for the electrification of aircraft and created a technology roadmap with the goal of developing electrification technology that will drastically reduce environmental burdens, such as CO emissions. Also, with the “Roadmap toward Air Mobility Revolution” announced by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry in December 2018, Japan is increasing its momentum for a major advancement toward the development of flying cars. However, it is necessary to generate rules, including a great deal of legislation, to ensure traffic safety in the sky. SUBARU is proposing a public and private-sector conference to consider how to create these rules. Drones are also seeing a remarkable rise in use recently. By request of the New Energy and Industrial Technology Development Organization (NEDO), a national research and development agency, SUBARU is working to further improve safety for these and other aircraft. As part of this work, we succeeded in a flight demonstration for our technology that allows unmanned aircraft to automatically avoid danger, even in times of emergency. The test was conducted off the coast of Mikawa Bay in 2019, with cooperation from four other organizations, Aichi Prefecture, Toyokawa City, and Tahara City. Also, in September 2021 we successfully carried out the world’s first autonomous collision avoidance test using a 10 kg class small unmanned aircraft at a relative speed of 200 km/h. This achievement is helping to promote the establishment of ISO international standards for unmanned aircraft. Going forward, SUBARU will continue working on initiatives to ensure the safety of airspaces and to reduce its environmental burden. Flight demonstration for unmanned aircraft Test of technology that allows unmanned aircraft to automatically avoid danger Autonomous collision avoidance by a small unmanned aircraft at a relative speed of 200 km/h ( Japanese version only) SUBARU has contributed to the establishment of the collision avoidance portion of ISO 21384-3 (Operational procedures). Initiatives in the Aerospace Business 2 2 127 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Initiatives in the Aerospace Business
[TABLE] In recent years, reduction of CO2 emissions has become a major environmental
issue on a global basis, and this also encompasses aircraft. At the same time,
electrification has garnered attention as a way to reduce environmental burdens.
The Aerospace Company is active as a Steering Committee member of the
Electrification Challenge for Aircraft (ECLAIR) Consortium, spearheaded by the
Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA), a national research and development
agency. The Company has also formulated a future vision for the electrification of
aircraft and created a technology roadmap with the goal of developing
electrification technology that will drastically reduce environmental burdens, such Flight demonstration for unmanned aircraft
as CO2 emissions. Also, with the “Roadmap toward Air Mobility Revolution”
announced by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry in December 2018,
Japan is increasing its momentum for a major advancement toward the
development of flying cars. However, it is necessary to generate rules, including a
great deal of legislation, to ensure traffic safety in the sky. SUBARU is proposing a
public and private-sector conference to consider how to create these rules.
Drones are also seeing a remarkable rise in use recently. By request of the New
Energy and Industrial Technology Development Organization (NEDO), a national Test of technology that allows unmanned
research and development agency, SUBARU is working to further improve safety aircraft to automatically avoid danger
Autonomous collision avoidance by a small
for these and other aircraft. As part of this work, we succeeded in a flight
unmanned aircraft at a relative speed of 200
demonstration for our technology that allows unmanned aircraft to automatically km/h (Japanese version only)
avoid danger, even in times of emergency. The test was conducted off the coast of
Mikawa Bay in 2019, with cooperation from four other organizations, Aichi
Prefecture, Toyokawa City, and Tahara City.
Also, in September 2021 we successfully carried out the world’s first autonomous
collision avoidance test using a 10 kg class small unmanned aircraft at a relative
speed of 200 km/h. This achievement is helping to promote the establishment of
ISO international standards for unmanned aircraft.
Going forward, SUBARU will continue working on initiatives to ensure the safety of
airspaces and to reduce its environmental burden.
SUBARU has contributed to the establishment of the collision avoidance portion of ISO 21384-3 (Operational procedures).
127
[TABLE] Initiatives in the Aerospace Business
[TABLE] In recent years, reduction of CO2 emissions has become a major environmental
issue on a global basis, and this also encompasses aircraft. At the same time,
electrification has garnered attention as a way to reduce environmental burdens.
The Aerospace Company is active as a Steering Committee member of the
Electrification Challenge for Aircraft (ECLAIR) Consortium, spearheaded by the
Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA), a national research and development
agency. The Company has also formulated a future vision for the electrification of
aircraft and created a technology roadmap with the goal of developing
electrification technology that will drastically reduce environmental burdens, such Flight demonstration for unmanned aircraft
as CO2 emissions. Also, with the “Roadmap toward Air Mobility Revolution”
announced by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry in December 2018,
Japan is increasing its momentum for a major advancement toward the
development of flying cars. However, it is necessary to generate rules, including a
great deal of legislation, to ensure traffic safety in the sky. SUBARU is proposing a
public and private-sector conference to consider how to create these rules.
Drones are also seeing a remarkable rise in use recently. By request of the New
Energy and Industrial Technology Development Organization (NEDO), a national Test of technology that allows unmanned
research and development agency, SUBARU is working to further improve safety aircraft to automatically avoid danger
Autonomous collision avoidance by a small
for these and other aircraft. As part of this work, we succeeded in a flight
unmanned aircraft at a relative speed of 200
demonstration for our technology that allows unmanned aircraft to automatically km/h (Japanese version only)
avoid danger, even in times of emergency. The test was conducted off the coast of
Mikawa Bay in 2019, with cooperation from four other organizations, Aichi
Prefecture, Toyokawa City, and Tahara City.
Also, in September 2021 we successfully carried out the world’s first autonomous
collision avoidance test using a 10 kg class small unmanned aircraft at a relative
speed of 200 km/h. This achievement is helping to promote the establishment of
ISO international standards for unmanned aircraft.
Going forward, SUBARU will continue working on initiatives to ensure the safety of
airspaces and to reduce its environmental burden.
SUBARU has contributed to the establishment of the collision avoidance portion of ISO 21384-3 (Operational procedures).

[PAGE 128]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social O u r A pp ro a c h t o Human Resource Development At SUBARU, we are promoting various initiatives in accordance with the mid-term management vision “STEP” and our Six Priority Areas for CSR with the aim of becoming a company “delivering happiness to all.” In human resource development, we promote voluntary career development, focusing on the growth of the individual. We offer better opportunities for them to independently develop their careers, providing chances for learning that are in keeping with their own desired outcomes in combination with job rotation through a system of open recruiting. By doing this, we develop human resources that can voluntarily work toward value creation. Through the growth of the individual, we enhance the appeal of the SUBARU brand and continue to boost the Group’s corporate value. Human Resource 128 Human Resource Development s: SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Human Resources:Human Resource Development
[TABLE] Our Approach to Human Resource Development
At SUBARU, we are promoting various initiatives in accordance with the mid-term management vision “STEP” and our Six
Priority Areas for CSR with the aim of becoming a company “delivering happiness to all.” In human resource development, we
promote voluntary career development, focusing on the growth of the individual. We offer better opportunities for them to
independently develop their careers, providing chances for learning that are in keeping with their own desired outcomes in
combination with job rotation through a system of open recruiting. By doing this, we develop human resources that can
voluntarily work toward value creation. Through the growth of the individual, we enhance the appeal of the SUBARU brand
and continue to boost the Group’s corporate value.
128
[TABLE] Human Resources:Human Resource Development
[TABLE] Our Approach to Human Resource Development
At SUBARU, we are promoting various initiatives in accordance with the mid-term management vision “STEP” and our Six
Priority Areas for CSR with the aim of becoming a company “delivering happiness to all.” In human resource development, we
promote voluntary career development, focusing on the growth of the individual. We offer better opportunities for them to
independently develop their careers, providing chances for learning that are in keeping with their own desired outcomes in
combination with job rotation through a system of open recruiting. By doing this, we develop human resources that can
voluntarily work toward value creation. Through the growth of the individual, we enhance the appeal of the SUBARU brand
and continue to boost the Group’s corporate value.

[PAGE 129]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social Our Approach SUBARU focuses on the growth of the individual, believing it will create a new SUBARU Group. Here, its basic approach to human resource development is to offer personnel systems, job rotation, and educational programs in a way that is oriented to voluntary challenge. We are not only taking these various initiatives throughout the SUBARU Group. Our affiliated companies in Japan and overseas are also carrying out initiatives suited to regional characteristics. R e g u l ar R ev i ews and Career Develop ment Through the operation of the personnel system, each employee’s job outcomes and performance levels for skills are objectively evaluated. In addition, under the goal management system, all SUBARU employees have an interview four times a year (for goal setting, interim confirmation, outcome confirmation, and evaluation sharing) and the supervisors and subordinates agree on the challenges necessary for growth. Both men and women are treated appropriately and there is no gender gap in the basic salary. Training Prog rams SUBARU offers a wide range of learning opportunities so that all employees can develop their skills in accordance with their career plans and levels. In order to support employee career development, we introduced new programs in FYE March 2022, establishing a system and environment so that we, as a company, support the growth of the individual. Structure of Training Programs * New Training Results Training and Education Total participants: 27,348 ・ Total training hours: 128,554 ・ Average training hours per employee: 6.5 ・ Note: Self-development support and new employee training (before starting official employment) are not included in the total number of participants or training hours. 129 Human Resources: SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Human Resources:Training and Education
[TABLE] Human Resources:Training and Education
[TABLE] Our Approach
SUBARU focuses on the growth of the individual, believing it will create a new SUBARU Group. Here, its basic approach to
human resource development is to offer personnel systems, job rotation, and educational programs in a way that is oriented
to voluntary challenge.
We are not only taking these various initiatives throughout the SUBARU Group. Our affiliated companies in Japan and
overseas are also carrying out initiatives suited to regional characteristics.
[TABLE] Regular Reviews and Career Development
Through the operation of the personnel system, each employee’s job outcomes and performance levels for skills are
objectively evaluated. In addition, under the goal management system, all SUBARU employees have an interview four times a
year (for goal setting, interim confirmation, outcome confirmation, and evaluation sharing) and the supervisors and
subordinates agree on the challenges necessary for growth. Both men and women are treated appropriately and there is no
gender gap in the basic salary.
[TABLE] Training Programs
SUBARU offers a wide range of learning opportunities so that all employees can develop their skills in accordance with their
career plans and levels. In order to support employee career development, we introduced new programs in FYE March 2022,
establishing a system and environment so that we, as a company, support the growth of the individual.
Structure of Training Programs
* New
Training Results
・Total participants: 27,348
・Total training hours: 128,554
・Average training hours per employee: 6.5
Note: Self-development support and new employee training (before starting official employment) are not included in the total number of
participants or training hours.
129

[PAGE 130]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social The purpose of transferring skills at SUBARU is to create human resources who have comprehensive abilities to adapt to change, standardize and sustain that standardization, and envision continuous improvement, and who can create high-quality products with safety and efficiency. At the Gunma Plant, we are systematically cultivating technicians based on a program of skills education. In April 2021, we introduced a new basic training program that condenses the vocational training school and STS education programs previously available to employees. 294 employees attended courses in this program. *1 At SUBARU Technical School, employees engage in specialized practical training and courses according to their occupation. New basic training Philosophy Sharing Program This program helps individual employees gain a deeper understanding of SUBARU’s vision and the value it offers, helping them share a sense of togetherness with SUBARU through mutual dialogue between employees. It is designed to enable employees to independently be mindful of and act toward achievement of SUBARU’s vision. Career Training and Career Support Career training is offered to employees as an opportunity for them to come face-to-face with their potential career paths so that they can develop their own careers independently. We also offer career management training and career consultations for managers so that employees’ workplaces and superiors can support their career development. Business Skill Development Support Programs All employees, from managers to general staff, are offered a choice of various business skills development support programs in accordance with their level and goals. In skills development, we encourage employee independence and their voluntary selection of programs in accordance with their career plans and their own strengths and weaknesses. In addition, by actively utilizing public courses held at external institutions, employees gain more contact points outside the company and gain new awareness, providing opportunities to learn more about the outside. Managerial Human Resource Development SUBARU offers training for selected mid-level and manager class employees with the aim of continually fostering the next generation of managerial human resource. Globally Focused Human Resource Development In addition to improving language skills, we encourage employees to develop a wide range of capabilities with the goal of acquiring cross-cultural, collaboration, and leadership skills with a view to playing an active role on the global stage. SUBARUG ro u p I n i t i a t i v e s Initiatives to Transfer Skills *1 130 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Philosophy Sharing Program
[TABLE] This program helps individual employees gain a deeper understanding of SUBARU’s vision and the value it offers, helping
them share a sense of togetherness with SUBARU through mutual dialogue between employees. It is designed to enable
employees to independently be mindful of and act toward achievement of SUBARU’s vision.
Career Training and Career Support
Career training is offered to employees as an opportunity for them to come face-to-face with their potential career paths so
that they can develop their own careers independently. We also offer career management training and career consultations
for managers so that employees’ workplaces and superiors can support their career development.
Business Skill Development Support Programs
All employees, from managers to general staff, are offered a choice of various business skills development support programs
in accordance with their level and goals. In skills development, we encourage employee independence and their voluntary
selection of programs in accordance with their career plans and their own strengths and weaknesses. In addition, by actively
utilizing public courses held at external institutions, employees gain more contact points outside the company and gain new
awareness, providing opportunities to learn more about the outside.
Managerial Human Resource Development
SUBARU offers training for selected mid-level and manager class employees with the aim of continually fostering the next
generation of managerial human resource.
Globally Focused Human Resource Development
In addition to improving language skills, we encourage employees to develop a wide range of capabilities with the goal of
acquiring cross-cultural, collaboration, and leadership skills with a view to playing an active role on the global stage.
[TABLE] SUBARU Group Initiatives
Initiatives to Transfer Skills
The purpose of transferring skills at SUBARU is to create human
resources who have comprehensive abilities to adapt to change,
standardize and sustain that standardization, and envision
continuous improvement, and who can create high-quality
products with safety and efficiency.
At the Gunma Plant, we are systematically cultivating technicians
based on a program of skills education. In April 2021, we New basic training
introduced a new basic training program that condenses the
vocational training school and STS education*1 programs
previously available to employees. 294 employees attended
courses in this program.
*1 At SUBARU Technical School, employees engage in specialized
practical training and courses according to their occupation.
130

[PAGE 131]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social The National Skills Competition is designed to cultivate human resources with advanced technical skills and who can lead in the workplace. Each year, SUBARU employees compete to be the best in Japan in three categories—lathe work, plastic molding, and automobile sheet metal. For about three years from when they join the Company, competitors strive to hone their skills, concentration, and endurance in daily training so that they can do their best at this national competition. *2 The National Skills Competition is an event sponsored by the Japan Vocational Ability Development Association in which young technicians (in principle, up to 23 years old) compete to be the best in Japan. The purpose of the competition is to promote the importance and necessity of technical skills and to help build momentum toward respect for technical skills. It does this by providing young technicians who will lead the next generation with a goal to strive for, and by providing opportunities for young people to come in contact with excellent technical skills in the regions where the competition is held. Lathe work Plastic molding Automobile sheet metal Award winners at the 2021 national competition Human Resource Development Programs of Affiliated Companies in Japan Beginning in FYE March 2023, primary responsibility for Group company human resource development has been transferred from the Corporate Planning Department to the Human Resources Department. With an integrated program, we will improve the level of our human resources throughout the SUBARU Group. Human Resource Development Programs of Affiliated Companies Overseas We support the development of Group company employees outside Japan by providing human resource development programs connected to capabilities needed and specialized skill development, based on regional systems, business content, and other factors. National Skills Competition*2 131 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
National Skills Competition*2
[TABLE] The National Skills Competition is designed to cultivate human
resources with advanced technical skills and who can lead in the
workplace.
Each year, SUBARU employees compete to be the best in Japan in
three categories—lathe work, plastic molding, and automobile
sheet metal. For about three years from when they join the
Company, competitors strive to hone their skills, concentration, Lathe work Plastic molding
and endurance in daily training so that they can do their best at
this national competition.
*2 The National Skills Competition is an event sponsored by the Japan
Vocational Ability Development Association in which young
technicians (in principle, up to 23 years old) compete to be the best
in Japan. The purpose of the competition is to promote the
importance and necessity of technical skills and to help build
momentum toward respect for technical skills. It does this by
providing young technicians who will lead the next generation with a Automobile sheet metal Award winners at the 2021
goal to strive for, and by providing opportunities for young people to national competition
come in contact with excellent technical skills in the regions where
the competition is held.
Human Resource Development Programs of Affiliated Companies in Japan
Beginning in FYE March 2023, primary responsibility for Group company human resource development has been transferred
from the Corporate Planning Department to the Human Resources Department. With an integrated program, we will improve
the level of our human resources throughout the SUBARU Group.
Human Resource Development Programs of Affiliated Companies Overseas
We support the development of Group company employees outside Japan by providing human resource development
programs connected to capabilities needed and specialized skill development, based on regional systems, business content,
and other factors.
131 | The National Skills Competition is designed to cultivate human
resources with advanced technical skills and who can lead in the
workplace.
Each year, SUBARU employees compete to be the best in Japan in
three categories—lathe work, plastic molding, and automobile
sheet metal. For about three years from when they join the
Company, competitors strive to hone their skills, concentration, Lathe work Plastic molding
and endurance in daily training so that they can do their best at
this national competition.
*2 The National Skills Competition is an event sponsored by the Japan
Vocational Ability Development Association in which young
technicians (in principle, up to 23 years old) compete to be the best
in Japan. The purpose of the competition is to promote the
importance and necessity of technical skills and to help build
momentum toward respect for technical skills. It does this by
providing young technicians who will lead the next generation with a Automobile sheet metal Award winners at the 2021
goal to strive for, and by providing opportunities for young people to national competition
come in contact with excellent technical skills in the regions where
the competition is held.
Human Resource Development Programs of Affiliated Companies in Japan
Beginning in FYE March 2023, primary responsibility for Group company human resource development has been transferred
from the Corporate Planning Department to the Human Resources Department. With an integrated program, we will improve
the level of our human resources throughout the SUBARU Group.
Human Resource Development Programs of Affiliated Companies Overseas
We support the development of Group company employees outside Japan by providing human resource development
programs connected to capabilities needed and specialized skill development, based on regional systems, business content,
and other factors.

[PAGE 132]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social Our Approach The SUBARU Group conducts its business with Diversity as one of its Six Priority Areas for CSR. In order to continue offering customers the unique value of the SUBARU brand, SUBARU employees need to be able to exert their unique human resources informed by their own personal values and characteristics. This is why SUBARU values the differences in gender, nationality, culture, and lifestyle among its employees and strives to create workplace environments where everyone can make a meaningful contribution. In addition, SUBARU’s affiliated companies in Japan and overseas promote initiatives in accordance with the business domain of each company and regional characteristics. M a nagement System The Diversity Promotion Office of SUBARU’s Human Resources Department leads efforts in relation to diversity. The office has designated “supporting female employees to take on more active roles,” “promoting the employment of people with disabilities,” “promoting the reemployment of post-retirement age workers,” and “promoting the recruitment of non-Japanese workers” as priority themes. Among them, SUBARU has placed particular emphasis on efforts to support and empower female employees. Initiatives Empowerment of Female Employees SUBARU is working to support and empower women, mainly by supporting employees in their pursuit of career development and in their efforts to balance work and childcare, two pillars of our action plan through March 2026. To support the career development of women, we have set a target to more than double the 2021 number of female managers by 2025. As of March 2022, we have 1,113 managers, 24 of whom are women. We have established the Women’s Leadership Program (WLP) as a program for female employees to share career plans, goals, and challenges with their supervisors and human resources departments, and to provide guidance and education tailored to each individual employee, thereby promoting human resource development. We have also established a career training system for everyone from young to manager-class employees, enabling women to plan their own career paths as we engage in training for female leaders and other programs. In addition, we offer unconscious bias training to create a culture that promotes active roles for women. When it comes to health, in FYE March 2022 we held the Women’s Health Seminar, an event by women for women to help them understand health issues women can face, as well as the Women’s Health Seminar for Supervisors with the aim of supporting these. Second Action Plan based on the Act on Promotion of Female Participation and Advancement in the Workplace ( Japanese version only) Diversity 132 Human Resources: SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Human Resources:Diversity
[TABLE] Human Resources:Diversity
[TABLE] Our Approach
The SUBARU Group conducts its business with Diversity as one of its Six Priority Areas for CSR. In order to continue offering
customers the unique value of the SUBARU brand, SUBARU employees need to be able to exert their unique human resources
informed by their own personal values and characteristics. This is why SUBARU values the differences in gender, nationality,
culture, and lifestyle among its employees and strives to create workplace environments where everyone can make a
meaningful contribution. In addition, SUBARU’s affiliated companies in Japan and overseas promote initiatives in accordance
with the business domain of each company and regional characteristics.
[TABLE] Management System
The Diversity Promotion Office of SUBARU’s Human Resources Department leads efforts in relation to diversity. The office has
designated “supporting female employees to take on more active roles,” “promoting the employment of people with
disabilities,” “promoting the reemployment of post-retirement age workers,” and “promoting the recruitment of non-Japanese
workers” as priority themes. Among them, SUBARU has placed particular emphasis on efforts to support and empower female
employees.
[TABLE] Initiatives
Empowerment of Female Employees
SUBARU is working to support and empower women, mainly by supporting employees in their pursuit of career development
and in their efforts to balance work and childcare, two pillars of our action plan through March 2026.
To support the career development of women, we have set a target to more than double the 2021 number of female managers
by 2025. As of March 2022, we have 1,113 managers, 24 of whom are women. We have established the Women’s Leadership
Program (WLP) as a program for female employees to share career plans, goals, and challenges with their supervisors and
human resources departments, and to provide guidance and education tailored to each individual employee, thereby
promoting human resource development. We have also established a career training system for everyone from young to
manager-class employees, enabling women to plan their own career paths as we engage in training for female leaders and
other programs. In addition, we offer unconscious bias training to create a culture that promotes active roles for women.
When it comes to health, in FYE March 2022 we held the Women’s Health Seminar, an event by women for women to help them
understand health issues women can face, as well as the Women’s Health Seminar for Supervisors with the aim of supporting
these.
Second Action Plan based on the Act on Promotion of Female Participation and Advancement in the Workplace (Japanese
version only)
132

[PAGE 133]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social The height of automatic door switches and work stations is set at a level that is convenient for those using wheelchairs In order to ensure compliance with the Guidelines for the Creation of Comfortable Working Environment , SUBARU makes improvements to the working environment, work methods, environmental facilities, and others in an organized and planned manner. We also proactively adopt universal design for our facilities, aiming to make the breakrooms, restrooms, smoking areas, and cafeterias barrier-free, thereby providing all employees with comfortable workplaces. SUBARU has adopted universal design for the entry/exit gates, restrooms, and other facilities of the West Main Building of the Gunma Plant, as was done at the Head Office. *2 “Guidelines for the Creation of Comfortable Working Environment” as stated in the Industrial Safety and Health Act of Japan Entry/exit gates through which people in wheelchairs can also pass (West Main Building, Gunma Plant) Parking for wheelchair users (West Main Building, Gunma Plant) Managers and equivalent positions 2.4% Support for the Maintenance of Balance between Work and Childcare Supporting Reemployment SUBARU has also established a reemployment support system for employees who resigned for reasons beyond their control, such as the relocation of their spouse. From the introduction of the system in 2009 to March 2022, 13 employees have returned to work at SUBARU using this system. Employment of People with Disabilities April 2018 April 2019 April 2020 April 2021 April 2022 Number of employees with disabilities (Persons) 269 280 291 306 318 Employment rate of people with disabilities (%) 2.28 2.30 2.30 2.36 2.39 * According to the method of calculation specified in the Act on Employment Promotion, etc. of Persons with Disabilities, one person with severe disabilities is counted as two persons with disabilities. Universal Design Initiatives SUBARU s t r i ves t o c rea t e wor kp l ace env i ronmen t s i n wh i ch peop l e wi t h d i sab i l i t i es can t ru l y sh i ne . To ach i eve t h i s goa l , SUBARU l eve rages t he i deas and op i n i ons o f our emp l oyees wi t h d i sab i l i t i es and t he i r f ami l y membe r s . As o f Apr i l 2022 , SUBARU has 318 emp l oyees wi t h d i sab i l i t i es , ma i n l y engaged i n manu f ac t ur i ng wor k , and t he pe rcen t age o f emp l oyees wi t h d i sab i l i t i es i s 2 . 39%* 1 . I n FYE Ma rch 2022 , we a l so he l d t ra i n i ng programs on pe r sons wi t h d i sab i l i t i es f or manage r s , whe t he r or no t t hey manage peop l e wi t h d i sab i l i t i es , and f or pe r sonne l i n cha rge o f h i r i ng peop l e wi t h d i sab i l i t i es a t our a f f i l i a t ed compan i es i n J apan . These programs he l ped i ns t i l l a be t t e r unde r s t and i ng o f t he impor t ance o f h i r i ng peop l e wi t h d i sab i l i t i es and t he i r pa r t i cu l a r cha rac t e r i s t i c s , as we l l as key po i n t s on l abor managemen t and o t he r i n f orma t i on . * 1 I n c l ud i ng t he numbe r o f emp l oy e e s w i t h d i s ab i l i t i e s a t SUBARU ’ s s pe c i f i ed s ub s i d i a r y c ompan y. * *2 Empl oyment of Peopl e wi th Di sabi l i t i es Status of Female Employees (Non-consolidated) FYE March 2022 Proportion of female employees 7.3% Proportion of female managers 2.2% (Breakdown) General managers and equivalent positions 1.2% 133 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Status of Female Employees (Non-consolidated)
[TABLE] FYE March 2022
Proportion of female employees 7.3%
Proportion of female managers 2.2%
(Breakdown) General managers and equivalent
1.2%
positions
Managers and equivalent positions 2.4%
Support for the Maintenance of Balance between Work and Childcare
Supporting Reemployment
SUBARU has also established a reemployment support system for employees who resigned for reasons beyond their control,
such as the relocation of their spouse.
From the introduction of the system in 2009 to March 2022, 13 employees have returned to work at SUBARU using this
system.
Employment of People with Disabilities
SUBARU s(cid:32)t(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)ves t(cid:32)o c(cid:32)rea(cid:32)t(cid:32)e wor(cid:32)kp(cid:32)l(cid:32)ace env(cid:32)i(cid:32)ronmen(cid:32)t(cid:32)s i(cid:32)n wh(cid:32)i(cid:32)ch peop(cid:32)l(cid:32)e wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h d(cid:32)i(cid:32)sab(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es can(cid:32)
t(cid:32)ru(cid:32)l(cid:32)y sh(cid:32)i(cid:32)ne(cid:32). To ach(cid:32)i(cid:32)eve t(cid:32)h(cid:32)i(cid:32)s goa(cid:32)l(cid:32), SUBARU l(cid:32)eve(cid:32)rages t(cid:32)he i(cid:32)deas and op(cid:32)i(cid:32)n(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons o(cid:32)f our(cid:32)
emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyees wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h d(cid:32)i(cid:32)sab(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es and t(cid:32)he(cid:32)i(cid:32)r f(cid:32)ami(cid:32)l(cid:32)y membe(cid:32)r(cid:32)s(cid:32).
As o(cid:32)f Apr(cid:32)i(cid:32)l 2022(cid:32), SUBARU has 318 emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyees wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h d(cid:32)i(cid:32)sab(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es(cid:32), ma(cid:32)i(cid:32)n(cid:32)l(cid:32)y engaged i(cid:32)n(cid:32)
manu(cid:32)f(cid:32)ac(cid:32)t(cid:32)ur(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng wor(cid:32)k(cid:32), and t(cid:32)he pe(cid:32)rcen(cid:32)t(cid:32)age o(cid:32)f emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyees wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h d(cid:32)i(cid:32)sab(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es i(cid:32)s 2(cid:32).(cid:32)39%*(cid:32)1(cid:32).
I(cid:32)n FYE Ma(cid:32)rch 2022(cid:32), we a(cid:32)l(cid:32)so he(cid:32)l(cid:32)d t(cid:32)ra(cid:32)i(cid:32)n(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng programs on pe(cid:32)r(cid:32)sons wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h d(cid:32)i(cid:32)sab(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es f(cid:32)or(cid:32)
manage(cid:32)r(cid:32)s(cid:32), whe(cid:32)t(cid:32)he(cid:32)r or no(cid:32)t t(cid:32)hey manage peop(cid:32)l(cid:32)e wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h d(cid:32)i(cid:32)sab(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es(cid:32), and f(cid:32)or pe(cid:32)r(cid:32)sonne(cid:32)l i(cid:32)n(cid:32)
cha(cid:32)rge o(cid:32)f h(cid:32)i(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng peop(cid:32)l(cid:32)e wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h d(cid:32)i(cid:32)sab(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es a(cid:32)t our a(cid:32)f(cid:32)f(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed compan(cid:32)i(cid:32)es i(cid:32)n J(cid:32)apan(cid:32). These(cid:32) The height of automatic door
programs he(cid:32)l(cid:32)ped i(cid:32)ns(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)l a be(cid:32)t(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)r unde(cid:32)r(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)and(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he impor(cid:32)t(cid:32)ance o(cid:32)f h(cid:32)i(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng peop(cid:32)l(cid:32)e wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h(cid:32) switches and work stations is set at
a level that is convenient for those
d(cid:32)i(cid:32)sab(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es and t(cid:32)he(cid:32)i(cid:32)r pa(cid:32)r(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)cu(cid:32)l(cid:32)a(cid:32)r cha(cid:32)rac(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32)s(cid:32), as we(cid:32)l(cid:32)l as key po(cid:32)i(cid:32)n(cid:32)t(cid:32)s on l(cid:32)abor managemen(cid:32)t(cid:32) using wheelchairs
and o(cid:32)t(cid:32)he(cid:32)r i(cid:32)n(cid:32)f(cid:32)orma(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on(cid:32).
*(cid:32)1(cid:32) I(cid:32)n(cid:32)c(cid:32)l(cid:32)ud(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)he numbe(cid:32)r o(cid:32)f emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oy(cid:32)e(cid:32)e(cid:32)s w(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)h d(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)ab(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)e(cid:32)s a(cid:32)t SUBARU(cid:32)’(cid:32)s s(cid:32)pe(cid:32)c(cid:32)i(cid:32)f(cid:32)i(cid:32)ed s(cid:32)ub(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)d(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)r(cid:32)y c(cid:32)ompan(cid:32)y.
Empl(cid:32)oyment of Peopl(cid:32)e wi(cid:32)th Di(cid:32)sabi(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es
April 2018 April 2019 April 2020 April 2021 April 2022
Number of employees with disabilities (Persons)* 269 280 291 306 318
Employment rate of people with disabilities (%) 2.28 2.30 2.30 2.36 2.39
* According to the method of calculation specified in the Act on Employment Promotion, etc. of Persons with Disabilities, one person with
severe disabilities is counted as two persons with disabilities.
Universal Design Initiatives
In order to ensure compliance with the Guidelines for the Creation of Comfortable
Working Environment*2, SUBARU makes improvements to the working environment, work
methods, environmental facilities, and others in an organized and planned manner. We
also proactively adopt universal design for our facilities, aiming to make the breakrooms,
restrooms, smoking areas, and cafeterias barrier-free, thereby providing all employees
with comfortable workplaces.
SUBARU has adopted universal design for the entry/exit gates, restrooms, and other
facilities of the West Main Building of the Gunma Plant, as was done at the Head Office. Entry/exit gates through which
people in wheelchairs can also pass
(West Main Building, Gunma Plant)
*2 “Guidelines for the Creation of Comfortable Working Environment” as stated in the Industrial
Safety and Health Act of Japan
Parking for wheelchair users (West
Main Building, Gunma Plant)
133
[TABLE] FYE March 2022
[TABLE] Proportion of female employees | 7.3%
[TABLE] Proportion of female managers | 2.2%
[TABLE] (Breakdown) | General managers and equivalent
positions | 1.2%
[TABLE] Managers and equivalent positions | 2.4%
[TABLE] Support for the Maintenance of Balance between Work a
[TABLE] April 2018 | April 2019 | April 2020 | April 2021 | April 2022
[TABLE] Number of employees with disabilities (Persons)* | 269 | 280 | 291 | 306 | 318
[TABLE] Employment rate of people with disabilities (%) | 2.28 | 2.30 | 2.30 | 2.36 | 2.39

[PAGE 134]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social SUBARU BLOOM Co., Ltd. (SBC) proactively employs people with disabilities. As of April 2022, 78 employees and 20 instructors engage in the cleaning service provided by SBC to SUBARU’s dormitories and plants. As a company proactively employing people with disabilities, SBC has registered with the Supporter Company for Employment of People with Disabilities program implemented by Gunma Prefecture’s Department of Employment Support for People with Disabilities. In FYE March 2022, SBC widely accepted study visits by local people and also introduced its initiatives to those in charge of the employment of students by companies at two neighboring special education schools. At SBC, we hope to continue promoting the employment of people with disabilities going forward. We are also in the midst of coordination and studies for expanding this employment into new work areas based on employment results to date. In expanding employment, we believe it is essential to collaborate not only with employees but also with their families and local support organizations. Here, we will continue to promote the employment of people with disabilities as part of diversity management centered on coexistence with communities. Certificate of Supporter Company for Employment of People with Disabilities issued by Gunma Prefecture SUBARU has implemented its SUBARU Business Staff Program and SUBARU Partner Program after revising its reemployment programs for employees after retiring at the mandatory age of 60. This revision and these programs are designed to not only help energize employees and senior citizens with valuable skills but to also be tailored to individuals with a variety of capabilities and support their active participation. We operate our programs so that all those who want to be reemployed can work for SUBARU and other Group companies. The number of rehired employees (aged 60 or older) in FYE March 2022 was 529. Number of Employees Aged 60 and Older Reemployment of Retirees Reemployment Rate (Non-consolidated) FYE March Retirees (Persons) Applicants for Reemployment (Persons) Reemployed (Persons) Reemployment Rate 2018 108 83 83(21) 100 2019 107 86 86(27) 100 2020 164 130 130(40) 100 2021 97 72 72(19) 100 2022 130 111 87(24) 100 Note: Figures within parentheses indicate the number of rehired employees at Group companies. Employment of Non-Japanese Employees SUBARU employs non-Japanese new graduates and mid-career workers as regular employees regardless of their nationality. In order to help non-Japanese employees to deepen their understanding of their work, we prepare our safety and quality policy-related documents, work manuals, and other documents in multiple languages. At the Gunma Plant, where we employ a particularly large number of non-Japanese employees, interpreters in English, Portuguese, Spanish, Chinese, and other languages are stationed at each of the facilities to ensure smooth communication between Japanese and non-Japanese employees. Moreover, we provide Japanese employees with opportunities to receive language training and engage in overseas training, thereby helping them to enhance their ability to communicate with people from other countries and understand cultural differences. These initiatives contribute to revitalizing the company and securing human resources in a stable manner. As for foreign trainee workers, we basically provide them with education on safety and quality under the Technical Intern Training Program and also implement other measures to develop them into human resources who can utilize their abilities for their own countries after returning home. Our overseas subsidiaries and affiliated companies independently employ human resources and work to secure human resources in line with their own policies and business details. * Specified Subsidiary Company SUBARU BLOOM Co., Ltd. 134 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Specified Subsidiary Company SUBARU BLOOM Co., Ltd.
[TABLE] SUBARU BLOOM Co., Ltd. (SBC) proactively employs people with disabilities. As of April
2022, 78 employees and 20 instructors engage in the cleaning service provided by SBC to
SUBARU’s dormitories and plants. As a company proactively employing people with
disabilities, SBC has registered with the Supporter Company for Employment of People
with Disabilities program implemented by Gunma Prefecture’s Department of Employment
Support for People with Disabilities.
In FYE March 2022, SBC widely accepted study visits by local people and also introduced
its initiatives to those in charge of the employment of students by companies at two
neighboring special education schools.
At SBC, we hope to continue promoting the employment of people with disabilities going
forward. We are also in the midst of coordination and studies for expanding this
employment into new work areas based on employment results to date. In expanding
employment, we believe it is essential to collaborate not only with employees but also
with their families and local support organizations. Here, we will continue to promote the
employment of people with disabilities as part of diversity management centered on Certificate of Supporter Company
coexistence with communities. for Employment of People with
Disabilities issued by Gunma
Prefecture
Reemployment of Retirees
SUBARU has implemented its SUBARU Business Staff Program and Number of Employees Aged 60 and Older
SUBARU Partner Program after revising its reemployment programs
for employees after retiring at the mandatory age of 60. This revision
and these programs are designed to not only help energize employees
and senior citizens with valuable skills but to also be tailored to
individuals with a variety of capabilities and support their active
participation. We operate our programs so that all those who want to
be reemployed can work for SUBARU and other Group companies.
The number of rehired employees (aged 60 or older) in FYE March
2022 was 529.
Reemployment Rate (Non-consolidated)
FYE March Retirees (Persons) Applicants for Reemployment (Persons) Reemployed (Persons) Reemployment Rate
2018 108 83 83(21)* 100
2019 107 86 86(27) 100
2020 164 130 130(40) 100
2021 97 72 72(19) 100
2022 130 111 87(24) 100
Note: Figures within parentheses indicate the number of rehired employees at Group companies.
Employment of Non-Japanese Employees
SUBARU employs non-Japanese new graduates and mid-career workers as regular employees regardless of their nationality.
In order to help non-Japanese employees to deepen their understanding of their work, we prepare our safety and quality
policy-related documents, work manuals, and other documents in multiple languages. At the Gunma Plant, where we employ
a particularly large number of non-Japanese employees, interpreters in English, Portuguese, Spanish, Chinese, and other
languages are stationed at each of the facilities to ensure smooth communication between Japanese and non-Japanese
employees.
Moreover, we provide Japanese employees with opportunities to receive language training and engage in overseas training,
thereby helping them to enhance their ability to communicate with people from other countries and understand cultural
differences. These initiatives contribute to revitalizing the company and securing human resources in a stable manner.
As for foreign trainee workers, we basically provide them with education on safety and quality under the Technical Intern
Training Program and also implement other measures to develop them into human resources who can utilize their abilities
for their own countries after returning home.
Our overseas subsidiaries and affiliated companies independently employ human resources and work to secure human
resources in line with their own policies and business details.
134
[TABLE] FYE March | Retirees (Persons) | Applicants for Reemployment (Persons) | Reemployed (Persons) | Reemployment Rate
[TABLE] 2018 | 108 | 83 | 83(21)* | 100
[TABLE] 2019 | 107 | 86 | 86(27) | 100
[TABLE] 2020 | 164 | 130 | 130(40) | 100
[TABLE] 2021 | 97 | 72 | 72(19) | 100
[TABLE] 2022 | 130 | 111 | 87(24) | 100

[PAGE 135]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social Regular Employment System for Temporary Workers SUBARU has a regular employment system for temporary workers. We offer an opportunity to sit for an examination for regular employment to temporary workers who want to become regular employees and whom we have comprehensively judged to be qualified to take the examination based on the recommendations from their workplaces and other information. This system contributes to increasing the motivation and vigor of temporary workers. For the 10 years from FYE March 2013 to FYE March 2022, a total of 1,701 temporary workers became regular employees under the system. Number of Temporary Workers Who Became Regular Employees FYE March Number of Those Who Became Regular Employees (Persons) 2018 113 2019 205 2020 223 2021 267 2022 181 Supporting LGBTQ Employees SUBARU is committed to eliminating discrimination related to gender identity and expression, as well as sexual orientation, and to creating an environment in which employees with diverse personalities and values can work with vigor. As part of fostering corporate culture in FYE March 2022, we invited experts to lead online training for managers, and videos of the training were streamed and disseminated across the organization. On the employee welfare side, we have established an external consultation service for individual consultation. Furthermore, from April 2022, we have revised our benefit systems (use of company housing, allowances, leave, etc.) to cover same-sex partners. 135 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Regular Employment System for Temporary Workers
[TABLE] SUBARU has a regular employment system for temporary workers. We offer an opportunity to sit for an examination for
regular employment to temporary workers who want to become regular employees and whom we have comprehensively
judged to be qualified to take the examination based on the recommendations from their workplaces and other information.
This system contributes to increasing the motivation and vigor of temporary workers. For the 10 years from FYE March 2013
to FYE March 2022, a total of 1,701 temporary workers became regular employees under the system.
Number of Temporary Workers Who Became Regular Employees
FYE March Number of Those Who Became Regular Employees (Persons)
2018 113
2019 205
2020 223
2021 267
2022 181
Supporting LGBTQ Employees
SUBARU is committed to eliminating discrimination related to gender identity and expression, as well as sexual orientation,
and to creating an environment in which employees with diverse personalities and values can work with vigor. As part of
fostering corporate culture in FYE March 2022, we invited experts to lead online training for managers, and videos of the
training were streamed and disseminated across the organization. On the employee welfare side, we have established an
external consultation service for individual consultation. Furthermore, from April 2022, we have revised our benefit systems
(use of company housing, allowances, leave, etc.) to cover same-sex partners.
135 | SUBARU has a regular employment system for temporary workers. We offer an opportunity to sit for an examination for
regular employment to temporary workers who want to become regular employees and whom we have comprehensively
judged to be qualified to take the examination based on the recommendations from their workplaces and other information.
This system contributes to increasing the motivation and vigor of temporary workers. For the 10 years from FYE March 2013
to FYE March 2022, a total of 1,701 temporary workers became regular employees under the system.
Number of Temporary Workers Who Became Regular Employees
FYE March Number of Those Who Became Regular Employees (Persons)
2018 113
2019 205
2020 223
2021 267
2022 181
Supporting LGBTQ Employees
SUBARU is committed to eliminating discrimination related to gender identity and expression, as well as sexual orientation,
and to creating an environment in which employees with diverse personalities and values can work with vigor. As part of
fostering corporate culture in FYE March 2022, we invited experts to lead online training for managers, and videos of the
training were streamed and disseminated across the organization. On the employee welfare side, we have established an
external consultation service for individual consultation. Furthermore, from April 2022, we have revised our benefit systems
(use of company housing, allowances, leave, etc.) to cover same-sex partners.
[TABLE] FYE March | Number of Those Who Became Regular Employees (Persons)
[TABLE] 2018 | 113
[TABLE] 2019 | 205
[TABLE] 2020 | 223
[TABLE] 2021 | 267
[TABLE] 2022 | 181

[PAGE 136]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social SUBARU regards occupational health and safety as a critical management issue. Our Health and Safety Philosophy is “SUBARU makes health and safety the first priority in all our work,” and we have separately formulated the Basic Health and Safety Policy. Furthermore, each of SUBARU’s affiliated companies in Japan and overseas establishes their own occupational health and safety policies in line with their business details, regional characteristics, and local laws and regulations, and implements initiatives based on these policies. In addition, the SUBARU Group is also making effective use of hands-on training facilities to provide health and safety education not only to its own full- time and part-time employees, but also to temporary employees, employees of contractors and outsourcing companies working on our premises, employees involved in construction work on our premises, and employees of suppliers. Health and Safety Philosophy Yajima Plant, Gunma Plant Our Approach Basic Health and Safety Policy With the aim of reducing industrial accidents, traffic accidents, diseases, and fires and other disasters to zero, every individual will strive to create a safe, comfortable workplace through efforts to improve facilities, environments, and work methods, and to enhance management and awareness, based on a shared recognition of the importance of health and safety. Central Health and Safety Committee Established April 2002 M a n a g e m e n t S y s t e m SUBARU es t ab l i shed t he Cen t ra l Hea l t h and Sa f e t y Commi t t ee , wh i ch i s composed o f membe r s f rom managemen t ( execu t i ve o f f i ce r i n cha rge o f hea l t h and sa f e t y and t he manage r i n cha rge o f on - s i t e hea l t h and sa f e t y ) and f rom t he l abor un i on , wi t h a v i ew t o pro t ec t i ng emp l oyees ( i nc l ud i ng non - regu l a r emp l oyees ) and our a f f i l i a t es f rom i ndus t r i a l ac c i den t s and i l l nes s and improv i ng t he wor k i ng env i ronmen t . The commi t t ee , wh i ch mee t s f or de l i be ra t i ons t hree t imes a yea r, i s cha i red by an execu t i ve o f f i ce r and i t s v i ce - cha i rpe r son i s e l ec t ed f rom t he Company ’ s l abor un i on ’ s membe r sh i p . I t s de l i be ra t i ons pr ima r i l y i nc l ude oc cupa t i ona l sa f e t y, oc cupa t i ona l hea l t h , t ra f f i c sa f e t y, and f i re and d i sas t e r preven t i on . At t he commi t t ee ’ s f i r s t mee t i ng , pa r t i c i pan t s check t he f i s ca l yea r ’ s ac t i v i t i es , i nc l ud i ng t he yea r ’ s Bas i c Hea l t h and Sa f e t y Po l i c y. At i t s second mee t i ng , t he commi t t ee summa r i zes t he f i r s t ha l f o f t he yea r by quan t i f y i ng i t ems f rom each bus i nes s s i t e and sha res ac t i ons f or t he second ha l f . A t t he t h i rd mee t i ng , t he commi t t ee summa r i zes t he f i s ca l yea r based on nume r i ca l da t a and d i s cus ses hea l t h and sa f e t y po l i c i es ( oc cupa t i ona l sa f e t y, oc cupa t i ona l hea l t h , t ra f f i c sa f e t y, and f i re and d i sas t e r preven t i on ) f or t he f o l l owi ng f i s ca l yea r. As f or a f f i l i a t ed compan i es and res i den t con t rac t or s on our premi ses unde r t he con t ro l o f t he S i t e Hea l t h and Sa f e t y Commi t t ee , we prov i de t hem wi t h re l a t ed i n f orma t i on as neces sa r y f or t he promo t i on o f t he i r oc cupa t i ona l hea l t h and sa f e t y ac t i v i t i es . At t he Gunma P l an t , we a l so prov i de suppor t f or ove r seas oc cupa t i ona l hea l t h and sa f e t y ac t i v i t i es by i n i t i a t i ng regu l a r i n f orma t i on sha r i ng mee t i ngs on hea l t h and sa f e t y wi t h Suba ru o f I nd i ana Au t omo t i ve , I nc . and a f f i l i a t ed compan i es ove r seas . Occupational Health and Safety 136 Human Resources: SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Human Resources:Occupational Health and Safety
[TABLE] Human Resources:Occupational Health and Safety
[TABLE] Our Approach
SUBARU regards occupational health and safety as a critical
management issue. Our Health and Safety Philosophy is “SUBARU
makes health and safety the first priority in all our work,” and we
have separately formulated the Basic Health and Safety Policy.
Furthermore, each of SUBARU’s affiliated companies in Japan and
overseas establishes their own occupational health and safety
policies in line with their business details, regional Health and Safety Philosophy Yajima Plant, Gunma Plant
characteristics, and local laws and regulations, and implements
initiatives based on these policies. In addition, the SUBARU
Group is also making effective use of hands-on training facilities
to provide health and safety education not only to its own full-
time and part-time employees, but also to temporary employees,
employees of contractors and outsourcing companies working on
our premises, employees involved in construction work on our
premises, and employees of suppliers.
Basic Health and Safety Policy
With the aim of reducing industrial accidents, traffic accidents, diseases, and fires and other disasters to zero, every
individual will strive to create a safe, comfortable workplace through efforts to improve facilities, environments, and
work methods, and to enhance management and awareness, based on a shared recognition of the importance of
health and safety.
Central Health and Safety Committee
Established April 2002
[TABLE] M(cid:32)a(cid:32)n(cid:32)a(cid:32)g(cid:32)e(cid:32)m(cid:32)e(cid:32)n(cid:32)t S(cid:32)y(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)m
SUBARU es(cid:32)t(cid:32)ab(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)shed t(cid:32)he Cen(cid:32)t(cid:32)ra(cid:32)l Hea(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)h and Sa(cid:32)f(cid:32)e(cid:32)t(cid:32)y Commi(cid:32)t(cid:32)t(cid:32)ee(cid:32), wh(cid:32)i(cid:32)ch i(cid:32)s composed o(cid:32)f membe(cid:32)r(cid:32)s f(cid:32)rom managemen(cid:32)t ((cid:32)execu(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve(cid:32)
o(cid:32)f(cid:32)f(cid:32)i(cid:32)ce(cid:32)r i(cid:32)n cha(cid:32)rge o(cid:32)f hea(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)h and sa(cid:32)f(cid:32)e(cid:32)t(cid:32)y and t(cid:32)he manage(cid:32)r i(cid:32)n cha(cid:32)rge o(cid:32)f on(cid:32)-(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)e hea(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)h and sa(cid:32)f(cid:32)e(cid:32)t(cid:32)y(cid:32)) and f(cid:32)rom t(cid:32)he l(cid:32)abor un(cid:32)i(cid:32)on(cid:32), wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h(cid:32)
a v(cid:32)i(cid:32)ew t(cid:32)o pro(cid:32)t(cid:32)ec(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyees ((cid:32)i(cid:32)nc(cid:32)l(cid:32)ud(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng non(cid:32)-(cid:32)regu(cid:32)l(cid:32)a(cid:32)r emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyees(cid:32)) and our a(cid:32)f(cid:32)f(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)es f(cid:32)rom i(cid:32)ndus(cid:32)t(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)l ac(cid:32)c(cid:32)i(cid:32)den(cid:32)t(cid:32)s and i(cid:32)l(cid:32)l(cid:32)nes(cid:32)s and(cid:32)
improv(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)he wor(cid:32)k(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng env(cid:32)i(cid:32)ronmen(cid:32)t(cid:32). The commi(cid:32)t(cid:32)t(cid:32)ee(cid:32), wh(cid:32)i(cid:32)ch mee(cid:32)t(cid:32)s f(cid:32)or de(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)be(cid:32)ra(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons t(cid:32)hree t(cid:32)imes a yea(cid:32)r, i(cid:32)s cha(cid:32)i(cid:32)red by an(cid:32)
execu(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve o(cid:32)f(cid:32)f(cid:32)i(cid:32)ce(cid:32)r and i(cid:32)t(cid:32)s v(cid:32)i(cid:32)ce(cid:32)-(cid:32)cha(cid:32)i(cid:32)rpe(cid:32)r(cid:32)son i(cid:32)s e(cid:32)l(cid:32)ec(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed f(cid:32)rom t(cid:32)he Company(cid:32)’(cid:32)s l(cid:32)abor un(cid:32)i(cid:32)on(cid:32)’(cid:32)s membe(cid:32)r(cid:32)sh(cid:32)i(cid:32)p(cid:32). I(cid:32)t(cid:32)s de(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)be(cid:32)ra(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons pr(cid:32)ima(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)y(cid:32)
i(cid:32)nc(cid:32)l(cid:32)ude oc(cid:32)cupa(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ona(cid:32)l sa(cid:32)f(cid:32)e(cid:32)t(cid:32)y, oc(cid:32)cupa(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ona(cid:32)l hea(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)h(cid:32), t(cid:32)ra(cid:32)f(cid:32)f(cid:32)i(cid:32)c sa(cid:32)f(cid:32)e(cid:32)t(cid:32)y, and f(cid:32)i(cid:32)re and d(cid:32)i(cid:32)sas(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)r preven(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on(cid:32).
At t(cid:32)he commi(cid:32)t(cid:32)t(cid:32)ee(cid:32)’(cid:32)s f(cid:32)i(cid:32)r(cid:32)s(cid:32)t mee(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng(cid:32), pa(cid:32)r(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32)i(cid:32)pan(cid:32)t(cid:32)s check t(cid:32)he f(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)ca(cid:32)l yea(cid:32)r(cid:32)’(cid:32)s ac(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es(cid:32), i(cid:32)nc(cid:32)l(cid:32)ud(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)he yea(cid:32)r(cid:32)’(cid:32)s Bas(cid:32)i(cid:32)c Hea(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)h and Sa(cid:32)f(cid:32)e(cid:32)t(cid:32)y(cid:32)
Po(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32)y. At i(cid:32)t(cid:32)s second mee(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng(cid:32), t(cid:32)he commi(cid:32)t(cid:32)t(cid:32)ee summa(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)zes t(cid:32)he f(cid:32)i(cid:32)r(cid:32)s(cid:32)t ha(cid:32)l(cid:32)f o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he yea(cid:32)r by quan(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)f(cid:32)y(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng i(cid:32)t(cid:32)ems f(cid:32)rom each bus(cid:32)i(cid:32)nes(cid:32)s(cid:32)
s(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)e and sha(cid:32)res ac(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons f(cid:32)or t(cid:32)he second ha(cid:32)l(cid:32)f(cid:32). A(cid:32)t t(cid:32)he t(cid:32)h(cid:32)i(cid:32)rd mee(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng(cid:32), t(cid:32)he commi(cid:32)t(cid:32)t(cid:32)ee summa(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)zes t(cid:32)he f(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)ca(cid:32)l yea(cid:32)r based on(cid:32)
nume(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)ca(cid:32)l da(cid:32)t(cid:32)a and d(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)cus(cid:32)ses hea(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)h and sa(cid:32)f(cid:32)e(cid:32)t(cid:32)y po(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32)i(cid:32)es ((cid:32)oc(cid:32)cupa(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ona(cid:32)l sa(cid:32)f(cid:32)e(cid:32)t(cid:32)y, oc(cid:32)cupa(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ona(cid:32)l hea(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)h(cid:32), t(cid:32)ra(cid:32)f(cid:32)f(cid:32)i(cid:32)c sa(cid:32)f(cid:32)e(cid:32)t(cid:32)y, and f(cid:32)i(cid:32)re and(cid:32)
d(cid:32)i(cid:32)sas(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)r preven(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on(cid:32)) f(cid:32)or t(cid:32)he f(cid:32)o(cid:32)l(cid:32)l(cid:32)owi(cid:32)ng f(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)ca(cid:32)l yea(cid:32)r.
As f(cid:32)or a(cid:32)f(cid:32)f(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed compan(cid:32)i(cid:32)es and res(cid:32)i(cid:32)den(cid:32)t con(cid:32)t(cid:32)rac(cid:32)t(cid:32)or(cid:32)s on our premi(cid:32)ses unde(cid:32)r t(cid:32)he con(cid:32)t(cid:32)ro(cid:32)l o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he S(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)e Hea(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)h and Sa(cid:32)f(cid:32)e(cid:32)t(cid:32)y(cid:32)
Commi(cid:32)t(cid:32)t(cid:32)ee(cid:32), we prov(cid:32)i(cid:32)de t(cid:32)hem wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h re(cid:32)l(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed i(cid:32)n(cid:32)f(cid:32)orma(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on as neces(cid:32)sa(cid:32)r(cid:32)y f(cid:32)or t(cid:32)he promo(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he(cid:32)i(cid:32)r oc(cid:32)cupa(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ona(cid:32)l hea(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)h and sa(cid:32)f(cid:32)e(cid:32)t(cid:32)y(cid:32)
ac(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es(cid:32). At t(cid:32)he Gunma P(cid:32)l(cid:32)an(cid:32)t(cid:32), we a(cid:32)l(cid:32)so prov(cid:32)i(cid:32)de suppor(cid:32)t f(cid:32)or ove(cid:32)r(cid:32)seas oc(cid:32)cupa(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ona(cid:32)l hea(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)h and sa(cid:32)f(cid:32)e(cid:32)t(cid:32)y ac(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es by i(cid:32)n(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng(cid:32)
regu(cid:32)l(cid:32)a(cid:32)r i(cid:32)n(cid:32)f(cid:32)orma(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on sha(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng mee(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ngs on hea(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)h and sa(cid:32)f(cid:32)e(cid:32)t(cid:32)y wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h Suba(cid:32)ru o(cid:32)f I(cid:32)nd(cid:32)i(cid:32)ana Au(cid:32)t(cid:32)omo(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve(cid:32), I(cid:32)nc(cid:32). and a(cid:32)f(cid:32)f(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed compan(cid:32)i(cid:32)es(cid:32)
ove(cid:32)r(cid:32)seas(cid:32).
136

[PAGE 137]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social Wearing of the safety declaration badge In order to elevate safety awareness among SUBARU employees, all employees of SUBARU and its affiliated companies wear the safety declaration badge, on which it is clearly stated, “I always check for safety before performing any action.” Safety declaration badge I n i t i a t i v e s At the start of every fiscal year, SUBARU notifies managers and supervisors about the health and safety policies for the fiscal year via heads of each site through their respective Health and Safety Committees. This is so that all employees can share the health and safety activity targets and plans as a unified team and raise their awareness about the prevention of industrial accidents, road safety, and health management. Prevention of Industrial Accidents Promot ing the pract i ce of point ing and cal l ing For t he preven t i on o f mi s t akes and human e r ror, we urge emp l oyees a t a l l our s i t es t o prac t i ce po i n t i ng and ca l l i ng a t t he c ros swa l ks and o t he r p l aces on t he premi ses as t he bas i s f or oc cupa t i ona l hea l t h and sa f e t y, t he reby ra i s i ng t he i r awa renes s abou t t he impor t ance o f sa f e behav i or s and i nc reas i ng t he ac curac y o f t he i r sa f e t y checks . Heal th and Safety Organi zat i on Char t 137 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Heal(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:32)th and Safety Organi(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:32)zat(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:32)i(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:32)on Char(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:32)(cid:32)t
[TABLE] Initiatives
At the start of every fiscal year, SUBARU notifies managers and supervisors about the health and safety policies for the fiscal
year via heads of each site through their respective Health and Safety Committees. This is so that all employees can share the
health and safety activity targets and plans as a unified team and raise their awareness about the prevention of industrial
accidents, road safety, and health management.
Prevention of Industrial Accidents
Wearing of the safety declaration badge
In order to elevate safety awareness among SUBARU employees, all employees of SUBARU and
its affiliated companies wear the safety declaration badge, on which it is clearly stated, “I
always check for safety before performing any action.”
Safety declaration badge
Promot(cid:32)ing the pract(cid:32)i(cid:32)ce of point(cid:32)ing and cal(cid:32)l(cid:32)ing
For t(cid:32)he preven(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on o(cid:32)f mi(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)akes and human e(cid:32)r(cid:32)ror, we urge emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyees a(cid:32)t a(cid:32)l(cid:32)l our s(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)es t(cid:32)o prac(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ce po(cid:32)i(cid:32)n(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng and ca(cid:32)l(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng a(cid:32)t t(cid:32)he(cid:32)
c(cid:32)ros(cid:32)swa(cid:32)l(cid:32)ks and o(cid:32)t(cid:32)he(cid:32)r p(cid:32)l(cid:32)aces on t(cid:32)he premi(cid:32)ses as t(cid:32)he bas(cid:32)i(cid:32)s f(cid:32)or oc(cid:32)cupa(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ona(cid:32)l hea(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)h and sa(cid:32)f(cid:32)e(cid:32)t(cid:32)y, t(cid:32)he(cid:32)reby ra(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)he(cid:32)i(cid:32)r awa(cid:32)renes(cid:32)s(cid:32)
abou(cid:32)t t(cid:32)he impor(cid:32)t(cid:32)ance o(cid:32)f sa(cid:32)f(cid:32)e behav(cid:32)i(cid:32)or(cid:32)s and i(cid:32)nc(cid:32)reas(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)he ac(cid:32)curac(cid:32)y o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he(cid:32)i(cid:32)r sa(cid:32)f(cid:32)e(cid:32)t(cid:32)y checks(cid:32).
137

[PAGE 138]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social Industrial Accidents As for industrial accidents and close calls that happened at our sites and affiliated companies, we comply with the following rule for the prevention of similar incidents at the sites: the department that has faced the incident shall disclose related information to other departments on the premises and affiliated companies via the department in charge of health and safety at the site. For FYE March 2022, we had 17 industrial accidents, of which four were lost-time accidents and none were fatal accidents. The accident frequency rate was 0.43. These figures were significantly greater than those from FYE March 2021, and given this, we are taking action toward stronger daily prevention. However, in some instances, a single mistake can trigger a minor accident that could lead to serious incidents. Therefore, we are striving to reduce the number of these accidents by establishing measures such as a Group-wide back-to-basics program (pointing and calling week). In addition, each of our sites has a full range of hands-on training facilities, and we also focus on health and safety education for regular employees as well as non- regular employees. Furthermore, we are working to strengthen our daily accident prevention activities. Our policy is to use analysis of accidents to enforce more rigorous rule compliance to standardized work across the Group, have workers wear appropriate protective gear, ensure appropriate signaling and callouts, and other “rigorous compliance to basic matters (back to basics).” Reporting Line for Industrial Accidents Provide new employees with hands-on education using training institutions. ・ Conduct psychological driving aptitude tests and use a driving recorder to help employees recognize their driving habits. ・ Road Safety In order to prevent employees from getting involved in any traffic accidents while working, commuting, or enjoying their private time, we are implementing a range of measures as follows: Conduct awareness-raising activity, including introducing the cases of past accidents and showing a video on road safety, before the start of a long vacation, targeting all employees of the Automotive Business and the Aerospace Company, many of whom commute by car. ・ Organize a lecture by the chief of the local police station to improve employees’ driving manners. ・ 138 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Road Safety
[TABLE] In order to prevent employees from getting involved in any traffic accidents while working, commuting, or enjoying their
private time, we are implementing a range of measures as follows:
・Conduct awareness-raising activity, including introducing the cases of past accidents and showing a video on road safety,
before the start of a long vacation, targeting all employees of the Automotive Business and the Aerospace Company, many
of whom commute by car.
・Organize a lecture by the chief of the local police station to improve employees’ driving manners.
・Provide new employees with hands-on education using training institutions.
・Conduct psychological driving aptitude tests and use a driving recorder to help employees recognize their driving habits.
Industrial Accidents
As for industrial accidents and close calls that happened at our sites and affiliated companies, we comply with the following
rule for the prevention of similar incidents at the sites: the department that has faced the incident shall disclose related
information to other departments on the premises and affiliated companies via the department in charge of health and safety
at the site.
For FYE March 2022, we had 17 industrial accidents, of which four were lost-time accidents and none were fatal accidents. The
accident frequency rate was 0.43. These figures were significantly greater than those from FYE March 2021, and given this, we
are taking action toward stronger daily prevention. However, in some instances, a single mistake can trigger a minor accident
that could lead to serious incidents. Therefore, we are striving to reduce the number of these accidents by establishing
measures such as a Group-wide back-to-basics program (pointing and calling week). In addition, each of our sites has a full
range of hands-on training facilities, and we also focus on health and safety education for regular employees as well as non-
regular employees. Furthermore, we are working to strengthen our daily accident prevention activities. Our policy is to use
analysis of accidents to enforce more rigorous rule compliance to standardized work across the Group, have workers wear
appropriate protective gear, ensure appropriate signaling and callouts, and other “rigorous compliance to basic matters (back
to basics).”
Reporting Line for Industrial Accidents
138

[PAGE 139]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social As the Secretariat of the Central Health and Safety Committee, the organization responsible for overseeing safety at SUBARU, I work in partnership with on-site safety coordinators and the Health Promotion Group. In our work, we foster health management measures along with occupational health and safety activities so that all employees and executives can work healthily, soundly, and vigorously, take on challenges, and achieve growth. We take these actions in the belief that the health of employees and their families is essential for all our business operations. SUBARU works with the relevant units within the Human Resources Department to support the physical and mental health of its employees as well as to build a healthy organization and promote flexible working styles, and more. By doing this, it creates the underpinnings of a more comfortable working environment necessary for greater employee engagement. Similarly, we promote health management initiatives for employees and executives of all of SUBARU’s affiliated companies in Japan and overseas, in accordance with the business domain of each company and regional characteristics. And so, we work every day to provide employees with safe and comfortable workplaces, with the constant mindset toward enabling them to cheerfully leave home for work and also cheerfully return home after work. Takayuki Hino Safety Planning Coordinator, Human Resources Department, Secretariat of the Central Health and Safety Committee MESSAGE: Aiming to provide employees with safe and comfortable workplaces Occurrence of Work Related Accidents and Accident Frequency Rate (Non-consolidated) 139 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Occurrence of Work Related Accidents and Accident Frequency Rate (Non-consolidated)
[TABLE] MESSAGE: Aiming to provide employees with safe and comfortable workplaces
As the Secretariat of the Central Health and Safety Committee, the organization
responsible for overseeing safety at SUBARU, I work in partnership with on-site safety
coordinators and the Health Promotion Group. In our work, we foster health
management measures along with occupational health and safety activities so that all
employees and executives can work healthily, soundly, and vigorously, take on
challenges, and achieve growth. We take these actions in the belief that the health of
employees and their families is essential for all our business operations. SUBARU works Takayuki Hino
with the relevant units within the Human Resources Department to support the physical Safety Planning Coordinator,
Human Resources
and mental health of its employees as well as to build a healthy organization and
Department,
promote flexible working styles, and more. By doing this, it creates the underpinnings Secretariat of the Central
of a more comfortable working environment necessary for greater employee Health and Safety
Committee
engagement. Similarly, we promote health management initiatives for employees and
executives of all of SUBARU’s affiliated companies in Japan and overseas, in accordance
with the business domain of each company and regional characteristics. And so, we
work every day to provide employees with safe and comfortable workplaces, with the
constant mindset toward enabling them to cheerfully leave home for work and also
cheerfully return home after work.
139 | MESSAGE: Aiming to provide employees with safe and comfortable workplaces
As the Secretariat of the Central Health and Safety Committee, the organization
responsible for overseeing safety at SUBARU, I work in partnership with on-site safety
coordinators and the Health Promotion Group. In our work, we foster health
management measures along with occupational health and safety activities so that all
employees and executives can work healthily, soundly, and vigorously, take on
challenges, and achieve growth. We take these actions in the belief that the health of
employees and their families is essential for all our business operations. SUBARU works Takayuki Hino
with the relevant units within the Human Resources Department to support the physical Safety Planning Coordinator,
Human Resources
and mental health of its employees as well as to build a healthy organization and
Department,
promote flexible working styles, and more. By doing this, it creates the underpinnings Secretariat of the Central
of a more comfortable working environment necessary for greater employee Health and Safety
Committee
engagement. Similarly, we promote health management initiatives for employees and
executives of all of SUBARU’s affiliated companies in Japan and overseas, in accordance
with the business domain of each company and regional characteristics. And so, we
work every day to provide employees with safe and comfortable workplaces, with the
constant mindset toward enabling them to cheerfully leave home for work and also
cheerfully return home after work.

[PAGE 140]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social Our Approach SUBARU is fostering health management measures along with occupational health and safety activities so that all employees can work healthily, soundly, and vigorously, take on challenges, and achieve growth. SUBARU takes these actions in the belief that the health of employees and their families is essential for all its business operations. SUBARU works with the relevant units within the Human Resources Department to support the physical and mental health of its employees as well as to build a healthy organization and promote flexible working styles, and more. By doing this, it creates the underpinnings of a more comfortable working environment necessary for greater employee engagement. Subaru Health Declaration Purpose In pursuit of becoming a company “delivering happiness to all” and based on our Global Sustainability Policy of “striving to maintain and advance the workplace environment so that employees can work safely in peace, and with a sense of satisfaction,” SUBARU CORPORATION, the Subaru Labor Union, and the Subaru Health Insurance Association jointly released the Health Declaration in October 2020 with the intent that the three parties work in unison toward health. Health Declaration To build happiness for our employees and their families, we need a foundation of mental and physical health. SUBARU works with its employees to promote health and preventive care, taking on the challenge of building workplaces full of smiles and enabling growth. Representative Director, President and CEO, SUBARU CORPORATION Tomomi Nakamura Executive Chairman, Subaru Labor Union Minoru Yamagishi President, Subaru Health Insurance Association Tatsuro Kobayashi Established October 2020 M a n a g e m e n t S y s t e m SUBARU cons i de r s hea l t h promo t i on ac t i v i t i es t o be a managemen t i s sue , and as o f FYE Ma rch 2021 , SUBARU has d i s cus sed and ope ra t ed a PDCA c y c l e rega rd i ng i t s hea l t h managemen t i s sues and measures a t t he Execu t i ve Mee t i ng . SUBARU i s a l so advanc i ng co l l abora t i ve hea l t h wi t h pa r t ne r sh i p f rom i t s l abor un i on and i t s hea l t h as soc i a t i on . On t he ope ra t i ona l s i de , t he Hea l t h Promo t i on Group has se r ved as a core dr i ve r o f our company -wi de , un i f i ed hea l t h promo t i on measures s i nce 2021 . Th i s ded i ca t ed organ i za t i on wi t h i n t he Human Resources Depa r tmen t coord i na t es week l y regu l a r mee t i ngs wi t h s t akeho l de r s such as t he hea l t h as soc i a t i on , hea l t h promo t i on manage r s a t our s i t es , i ndus t r i a l phy s i c i ans , and o t he r s t a f f i n cha rge o f i ndus t r i a l hea l t h . Health Management 140 Human Resources: SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Human Resources:Health Management
[TABLE] Human Resources:Health Management
[TABLE] Our Approach
SUBARU is fostering health management measures along with occupational health and safety activities so that all employees
can work healthily, soundly, and vigorously, take on challenges, and achieve growth. SUBARU takes these actions in the belief
that the health of employees and their families is essential for all its business operations. SUBARU works with the relevant
units within the Human Resources Department to support the physical and mental health of its employees as well as to build
a healthy organization and promote flexible working styles, and more. By doing this, it creates the underpinnings of a more
comfortable working environment necessary for greater employee engagement.
Subaru Health Declaration
Purpose
In pursuit of becoming a company “delivering happiness to all” and based on our Global Sustainability Policy of “striving to
maintain and advance the workplace environment so that employees can work safely in peace, and with a sense of
satisfaction,” SUBARU CORPORATION, the Subaru Labor Union, and the Subaru Health Insurance Association jointly released
the Health Declaration in October 2020 with the intent that the three parties work in unison toward health.
Health Declaration
To build happiness for our employees and their families, we need a foundation of mental and physical health.
SUBARU works with its employees to promote health and preventive care, taking on the challenge of building
workplaces full of smiles and enabling growth.
Representative Director, President and CEO, SUBARU CORPORATION Tomomi Nakamura
Executive Chairman, Subaru Labor Union Minoru Yamagishi
President, Subaru Health Insurance Association Tatsuro Kobayashi
Established October 2020
[TABLE] M(cid:32)a(cid:32)n(cid:32)a(cid:32)g(cid:32)e(cid:32)m(cid:32)e(cid:32)n(cid:32)t S(cid:32)y(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)m
SUBARU cons(cid:32)i(cid:32)de(cid:32)r(cid:32)s hea(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)h promo(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on ac(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es t(cid:32)o be a managemen(cid:32)t i(cid:32)s(cid:32)sue(cid:32), and as o(cid:32)f FYE Ma(cid:32)rch 2021(cid:32), SUBARU has d(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)cus(cid:32)sed(cid:32)
and ope(cid:32)ra(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed a PDCA c(cid:32)y(cid:32)c(cid:32)l(cid:32)e rega(cid:32)rd(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng i(cid:32)t(cid:32)s hea(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)h managemen(cid:32)t i(cid:32)s(cid:32)sues and measures a(cid:32)t t(cid:32)he Execu(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve Mee(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng(cid:32). SUBARU i(cid:32)s a(cid:32)l(cid:32)so(cid:32)
advanc(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng co(cid:32)l(cid:32)l(cid:32)abora(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve hea(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)h wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h pa(cid:32)r(cid:32)t(cid:32)ne(cid:32)r(cid:32)sh(cid:32)i(cid:32)p f(cid:32)rom i(cid:32)t(cid:32)s l(cid:32)abor un(cid:32)i(cid:32)on and i(cid:32)t(cid:32)s hea(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)h as(cid:32)soc(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on(cid:32). On t(cid:32)he ope(cid:32)ra(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ona(cid:32)l s(cid:32)i(cid:32)de(cid:32), t(cid:32)he(cid:32)
Hea(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)h Promo(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on Group has se(cid:32)r(cid:32)ved as a core dr(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve(cid:32)r o(cid:32)f our company(cid:32)-wi(cid:32)de(cid:32), un(cid:32)i(cid:32)f(cid:32)i(cid:32)ed hea(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)h promo(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on measures s(cid:32)i(cid:32)nce 2021(cid:32).(cid:32)
Th(cid:32)i(cid:32)s ded(cid:32)i(cid:32)ca(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed organ(cid:32)i(cid:32)za(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h(cid:32)i(cid:32)n t(cid:32)he Human Resources Depa(cid:32)r(cid:32)tmen(cid:32)t coord(cid:32)i(cid:32)na(cid:32)t(cid:32)es week(cid:32)l(cid:32)y regu(cid:32)l(cid:32)a(cid:32)r mee(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ngs wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h s(cid:32)t(cid:32)akeho(cid:32)l(cid:32)de(cid:32)r(cid:32)s(cid:32)
such as t(cid:32)he hea(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)h as(cid:32)soc(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on(cid:32), hea(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)h promo(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on manage(cid:32)r(cid:32)s a(cid:32)t our s(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)es(cid:32), i(cid:32)ndus(cid:32)t(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)l phy(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32)i(cid:32)ans(cid:32), and o(cid:32)t(cid:32)he(cid:32)r s(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)f(cid:32)f i(cid:32)n cha(cid:32)rge o(cid:32)f(cid:32)
i(cid:32)ndus(cid:32)t(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)l hea(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)h(cid:32).
140

[PAGE 141]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social I n i t i a t i v e s SUBARU is engaged in activities to visualize and improve health issues, divided into the three categories of physical health, mental health, and organizational health. Physical Health By encourag i ng emp l oyees t o unde rgo regu l a r hea l t h checkups , we a re s t r i v i ng t o promo t e ea r l y de t ec t i on o f l i f es t y l e - re l a t ed d i seases among emp l oyees and he l p t hose su f f e r i ng f rom t he d i seases t o recove r. We a l so co l l ec t da t a abou t emp l oyees wi t h some s i gns o f t hese d i seases , i nc l ud i ng nume r i ca l da t a , t o he l p t hem improve t he i r l i f es t y l es and preven t t he ou t se t o f t he d i seases . Ini t iat i ves for regular heal th checkups and reexaminat ions I n add i t i on t o regu l a r hea l t h checkups , we recommend 100% o f emp l oyees who a re sub j ec t t o reexami na t i on t o unde rgo med i ca l checkups and sha re a por t i on o f t he cos t f or t hose who need t o t ake reexami na t i ons . I n t h i s way, we suppor t our emp l oyees i n rece i v i ng appropr i a t e med i ca l t rea tmen t . We use t he h i gh - r i sk approach t o prov i de t hose de t e rmi ned t o be a t h i gh hea l t h r i sk wi t h adv i ce f rom pub l i c hea l t h nur ses and prov i de gu i dance t o ra i se t he i r hea l t h awa renes s , i nc l ud i ng v i a semi na r s f or hea l t h ma i n t enance and promo t i on . Act i v i t ies for bet ter phys i cal f i tness and dietary habi ts We use t he popu l a t i on approach i n our preven t i ve ac t i v i t i es , and have i n t roduced body compos i t i on ana l y ze r s a t a l l s i t es t o v i sua l i ze no t on l y BMI bu t a l so mus c l e mas s and f a t mas s . We a re a l so expand i ng ac t i v i t i es t hroughou t SUBARU t o make peop l e awa re o f t he impor t ance o f ba l anced phy s i ca l f i t nes s . I n add i t i on , we have imp l emen t ed a t o t a l hea l t h promo t i on p l an ( THP ) , v i sua l i z i ng phy s i ca l f i t nes s and propos i ng a va r i e t y o f phy s i ca l exe rc i se programs f or emp l oyees de r i ved f rom t h i s i n f orma t i on , wh i l e a l so ho l d i ng semi na r s t o he l p t hem improve t he i r d i e t a r y hab i t s . Hea l th Promot i on Framework Di agram 141 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Hea(cid:32)l(cid:32)th Promot(cid:32)i(cid:32)on Framework Di(cid:32)agram
[TABLE] Initiatives
SUBARU is engaged in activities to visualize and improve health issues, divided into the three categories of physical health,
mental health, and organizational health.
Physical Health
By encourag(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyees t(cid:32)o unde(cid:32)rgo regu(cid:32)l(cid:32)a(cid:32)r hea(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)h checkups(cid:32), we a(cid:32)re s(cid:32)t(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)o promo(cid:32)t(cid:32)e ea(cid:32)r(cid:32)l(cid:32)y de(cid:32)t(cid:32)ec(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on o(cid:32)f l(cid:32)i(cid:32)f(cid:32)es(cid:32)t(cid:32)y(cid:32)l(cid:32)e(cid:32)-(cid:32)re(cid:32)l(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed(cid:32)
d(cid:32)i(cid:32)seases among emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyees and he(cid:32)l(cid:32)p t(cid:32)hose su(cid:32)f(cid:32)f(cid:32)e(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng f(cid:32)rom t(cid:32)he d(cid:32)i(cid:32)seases t(cid:32)o recove(cid:32)r. We a(cid:32)l(cid:32)so co(cid:32)l(cid:32)l(cid:32)ec(cid:32)t da(cid:32)t(cid:32)a abou(cid:32)t emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyees wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h(cid:32)
some s(cid:32)i(cid:32)gns o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)hese d(cid:32)i(cid:32)seases(cid:32), i(cid:32)nc(cid:32)l(cid:32)ud(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng nume(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)ca(cid:32)l da(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32), t(cid:32)o he(cid:32)l(cid:32)p t(cid:32)hem improve t(cid:32)he(cid:32)i(cid:32)r l(cid:32)i(cid:32)f(cid:32)es(cid:32)t(cid:32)y(cid:32)l(cid:32)es and preven(cid:32)t t(cid:32)he ou(cid:32)t(cid:32)se(cid:32)t o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he(cid:32)
d(cid:32)i(cid:32)seases(cid:32).
Ini(cid:32)t(cid:32)iat(cid:32)i(cid:32)ves for regular heal(cid:32)th checkups and reexaminat(cid:32)ions
I(cid:32)n add(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on t(cid:32)o regu(cid:32)l(cid:32)a(cid:32)r hea(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)h checkups(cid:32), we recommend 100% o(cid:32)f emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyees who a(cid:32)re sub(cid:32)j(cid:32)ec(cid:32)t t(cid:32)o reexami(cid:32)na(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on t(cid:32)o unde(cid:32)rgo(cid:32)
med(cid:32)i(cid:32)ca(cid:32)l checkups and sha(cid:32)re a por(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he cos(cid:32)t f(cid:32)or t(cid:32)hose who need t(cid:32)o t(cid:32)ake reexami(cid:32)na(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons(cid:32). I(cid:32)n t(cid:32)h(cid:32)i(cid:32)s way, we suppor(cid:32)t our(cid:32)
emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyees i(cid:32)n rece(cid:32)i(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng appropr(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)e med(cid:32)i(cid:32)ca(cid:32)l t(cid:32)rea(cid:32)tmen(cid:32)t(cid:32). We use t(cid:32)he h(cid:32)i(cid:32)gh(cid:32)-(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)sk approach t(cid:32)o prov(cid:32)i(cid:32)de t(cid:32)hose de(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)rmi(cid:32)ned t(cid:32)o be a(cid:32)t(cid:32)
h(cid:32)i(cid:32)gh hea(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)h r(cid:32)i(cid:32)sk wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h adv(cid:32)i(cid:32)ce f(cid:32)rom pub(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)c hea(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)h nur(cid:32)ses and prov(cid:32)i(cid:32)de gu(cid:32)i(cid:32)dance t(cid:32)o ra(cid:32)i(cid:32)se t(cid:32)he(cid:32)i(cid:32)r hea(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)h awa(cid:32)renes(cid:32)s(cid:32), i(cid:32)nc(cid:32)l(cid:32)ud(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng v(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)
semi(cid:32)na(cid:32)r(cid:32)s f(cid:32)or hea(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)h ma(cid:32)i(cid:32)n(cid:32)t(cid:32)enance and promo(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on(cid:32).
Act(cid:32)i(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)ies for bet(cid:32)ter phys(cid:32)i(cid:32)cal f(cid:32)i(cid:32)tness and dietary habi(cid:32)ts
We use t(cid:32)he popu(cid:32)l(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on approach i(cid:32)n our preven(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve ac(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es(cid:32), and have i(cid:32)n(cid:32)t(cid:32)roduced body compos(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on ana(cid:32)l(cid:32)y(cid:32)ze(cid:32)r(cid:32)s a(cid:32)t a(cid:32)l(cid:32)l s(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)es t(cid:32)o(cid:32)
v(cid:32)i(cid:32)sua(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)ze no(cid:32)t on(cid:32)l(cid:32)y BMI bu(cid:32)t a(cid:32)l(cid:32)so mus(cid:32)c(cid:32)l(cid:32)e mas(cid:32)s and f(cid:32)a(cid:32)t mas(cid:32)s(cid:32). We a(cid:32)re a(cid:32)l(cid:32)so expand(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng ac(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es t(cid:32)hroughou(cid:32)t SUBARU t(cid:32)o make(cid:32)
peop(cid:32)l(cid:32)e awa(cid:32)re o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he impor(cid:32)t(cid:32)ance o(cid:32)f ba(cid:32)l(cid:32)anced phy(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)ca(cid:32)l f(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)nes(cid:32)s(cid:32). I(cid:32)n add(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on(cid:32), we have imp(cid:32)l(cid:32)emen(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed a t(cid:32)o(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)l hea(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)h promo(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on p(cid:32)l(cid:32)an(cid:32)
((cid:32)THP(cid:32))(cid:32), v(cid:32)i(cid:32)sua(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)z(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng phy(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)ca(cid:32)l f(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)nes(cid:32)s and propos(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng a va(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)e(cid:32)t(cid:32)y o(cid:32)f phy(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)ca(cid:32)l exe(cid:32)rc(cid:32)i(cid:32)se programs f(cid:32)or emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyees de(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)ved f(cid:32)rom t(cid:32)h(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)
i(cid:32)n(cid:32)f(cid:32)orma(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on(cid:32), wh(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)e a(cid:32)l(cid:32)so ho(cid:32)l(cid:32)d(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng semi(cid:32)na(cid:32)r(cid:32)s t(cid:32)o he(cid:32)l(cid:32)p t(cid:32)hem improve t(cid:32)he(cid:32)i(cid:32)r d(cid:32)i(cid:32)e(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)r(cid:32)y hab(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)s(cid:32).
141

[PAGE 142]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social At all our canteens, we provide healthy dishes prepared under the supervision of registered dietitians so that employees can enjoy meals rich in vegetables. We also provide low-salt, low- fat, high-protein, and low-sugar dishes alternatively from day to day, with a view to helping employees raise their health awareness by eating at the canteens. Healthy dishes prepared under the supervision of registered dietitians We have implemented a program to support the smooth return to the workplace for employees who have taken leave. In this program, employees can return to work on a trial basis and gradually step up their hours as they return to full-time work. “Ii-neko (good cat),” which won the grand prize in the employees’ competition for a health promotion mascot character held as part of the workplace improvement activity We are implementing measures to completely separate smoking areas from non-smoking areas at our sites, and we are taking action to reduce the ratio of smokers to below 28% and prohibit smoking on our premises by 2025. We have established internal clinics on our sites’ premises to help smokers stop smoking, made efforts to provide our program for quitting smoking online during the COVID-19 pandemic, and are cooperating with the health insurance association to encourage smoking employees to meet the challenge of quitting smoking. Moreover, we give financial support to employees who visit external clinics to stop smoking. Increasing employees’ health awareness at the canteens Mental Health (Prevention of Mental Illness) We are implementing “self-care” and “line care” measures for the prevention and early detection of mental illness among employees. We have also set up a consultation service so that employees can receive follow-ups from industrial health staff. For employees who took leave due to mental illness, we proactively support them when they return to their workplaces. Self-care We utilize self-care training and stress checks so that participants can learn how to self-manage their mental health, and new employees are provided with training on internet-based cognitive behavioral therapy (iCBT). Line care We have formulated the Line Care Guidelines and include line care training in the collective training for managers, held twice a year, and use the results from collective analysis of employees’ stress checks to take improvement actions at the workplace level for those workplaces found to have high health risk. For the departments engaging in technological development, we foster workplace improvement activities in which employees themselves voluntarily work to revitalize their workplaces. We are also expanding management systems that increase their work motivation to the entire Group, focused on administrative departments, and enhance bidirectional communications between managers and their subordinates, with support from staff in charge of industrial health. These measures are contributing to preventing the onset of mental illness and mitigating the lengths of these illnesses among employees. Return to work program (for return to work on a trial basis and gradual return to full-time work) Organizational Health (Improving Psychological Safety) We a re ca r r y i ng ou t t r i a l s o f pra i se , acknowl edgmen t , and apprec i a t i on ac t i v i t i es t o improve emp l oyees ’ i n t r i ns i c mo t i va t i on and ps y cho l og i ca l sa f e t y. Us i ng IT t oo l s , we a re wor k i ng t o c rea t e wor kp l aces whe re emp l oyees can wor k wi t h grea t e r peace o f mi nd and whe re t hey can t ake on cha l l enges i n t he i r own un i que way by s t reng t hen i ng pee r bonds be tween emp l oyees and v i sua l i z i ng t he exchange o f apprec i a t i on i n t he wor kp l ace . Measures against smoking 142 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Measures against smoking
[TABLE] We are implementing measures to completely separate smoking areas from non-smoking areas at our sites, and we are taking
action to reduce the ratio of smokers to below 28% and prohibit smoking on our premises by 2025. We have established
internal clinics on our sites’ premises to help smokers stop smoking, made efforts to provide our program for quitting
smoking online during the COVID-19 pandemic, and are cooperating with the health insurance association to encourage
smoking employees to meet the challenge of quitting smoking. Moreover, we give financial support to employees who visit
external clinics to stop smoking.
Increasing employees’ health awareness at the canteens
At all our canteens, we provide healthy dishes prepared under the supervision of registered
dietitians so that employees can enjoy meals rich in vegetables. We also provide low-salt, low-
fat, high-protein, and low-sugar dishes alternatively from day to day, with a view to helping
employees raise their health awareness by eating at the canteens.
Healthy dishes prepared
under the supervision of
registered dietitians
Mental Health (Prevention of Mental Illness)
We are implementing “self-care” and “line care” measures for the prevention and early detection of mental illness among
employees. We have also set up a consultation service so that employees can receive follow-ups from industrial health staff.
For employees who took leave due to mental illness, we proactively support them when they return to their workplaces.
Self-care
We utilize self-care training and stress checks so that participants can learn how to self-manage their mental health, and new
employees are provided with training on internet-based cognitive behavioral therapy (iCBT).
Line care
We have formulated the Line Care Guidelines and include line care training in the collective training for managers, held twice
a year, and use the results from collective analysis of employees’ stress checks to take improvement actions at the workplace
level for those workplaces found to have high health risk. For the departments engaging in technological development, we
foster workplace improvement activities in which employees themselves voluntarily work to revitalize their workplaces. We
are also expanding management systems that increase their work motivation to the entire Group, focused on administrative
departments, and enhance bidirectional communications between managers and their subordinates, with support from staff
in charge of industrial health. These measures are contributing to preventing the onset of mental illness and mitigating the
lengths of these illnesses among employees.
Return to work program (for return to work on a trial basis and gradual return to full-time work)
We have implemented a program to support the smooth return to the workplace for employees
who have taken leave. In this program, employees can return to work on a trial basis and
gradually step up their hours as they return to full-time work.
“Ii-neko (good cat),” which
won the grand prize in the
employees’ competition for a
health promotion mascot
character held as part of the
workplace improvement
activity
Organizational Health (Improving Psychological Safety)
We a(cid:32)re ca(cid:32)r(cid:32)r(cid:32)y(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng ou(cid:32)t t(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)l(cid:32)s o(cid:32)f pra(cid:32)i(cid:32)se(cid:32), acknowl(cid:32)edgmen(cid:32)t(cid:32), and apprec(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on ac(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es t(cid:32)o improve emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyees(cid:32)’ i(cid:32)n(cid:32)t(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)ns(cid:32)i(cid:32)c mo(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)va(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on(cid:32)
and ps(cid:32)y(cid:32)cho(cid:32)l(cid:32)og(cid:32)i(cid:32)ca(cid:32)l sa(cid:32)f(cid:32)e(cid:32)t(cid:32)y. Us(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng I(cid:32)T t(cid:32)oo(cid:32)l(cid:32)s(cid:32), we a(cid:32)re wor(cid:32)k(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)o c(cid:32)rea(cid:32)t(cid:32)e wor(cid:32)kp(cid:32)l(cid:32)aces whe(cid:32)re emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyees can wor(cid:32)k wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h grea(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)r peace(cid:32)
o(cid:32)f mi(cid:32)nd and whe(cid:32)re t(cid:32)hey can t(cid:32)ake on cha(cid:32)l(cid:32)l(cid:32)enges i(cid:32)n t(cid:32)he(cid:32)i(cid:32)r own un(cid:32)i(cid:32)que way by s(cid:32)t(cid:32)reng(cid:32)t(cid:32)hen(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng pee(cid:32)r bonds be(cid:32)tween emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyees and(cid:32)
v(cid:32)i(cid:32)sua(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)z(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)he exchange o(cid:32)f apprec(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on i(cid:32)n t(cid:32)he wor(cid:32)kp(cid:32)l(cid:32)ace(cid:32).
142

[PAGE 143]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social For the second consecutive year, SUBARU has been recognized as a Certified Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organization in the large enterprise category (White 500) for 2022 by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and the Nippon Kenko Kaigi ( Japan Health Council). Going forward, we will continue to accelerate a variety of health promotion activities with the purpose of improving the health of our employees—the people who bring happiness to our customers—and their families. 2022 Certified Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organization (large enterprise category) Recognized as a Cert i f ied Heal th & Product ivi ty Management Outstanding Organizat ion for 2022 143 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Recognized as a Cert(cid:32)i(cid:32)f(cid:32)ied Heal(cid:32)th & Product(cid:32)ivi(cid:32)ty Management Outstanding Organizat(cid:32)ion for 2022
[TABLE] For the second consecutive year, SUBARU has been recognized as a Certified Health &
Productivity Management Outstanding Organization in the large enterprise category (White
500)for 2022 by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and the Nippon Kenko Kaigi
(Japan Health Council).
Going forward, we will continue to accelerate a variety of health promotion activities with the
purpose of improving the health of our employees—the people who bring happiness to our
customers—and their families.
2022 Certified Health &
Productivity Management
Outstanding Organization
(large enterprise category)
143 | For the second consecutive year, SUBARU has been recognized as a Certified Health &
Productivity Management Outstanding Organization in the large enterprise category (White
500)for 2022 by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and the Nippon Kenko Kaigi
(Japan Health Council).
Going forward, we will continue to accelerate a variety of health promotion activities with the
purpose of improving the health of our employees—the people who bring happiness to our
customers—and their families.
2022 Certified Health &
Productivity Management
Outstanding Organization
(large enterprise category)

[PAGE 144]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social Our Approach As a precondition to making our customers happy, the SUBARU Group believes it is vital to provide employees with workplaces where they can work with vigor and peace of mind and demonstrate their abilities to the fullest. In order to help diverse employees maintain their work-life balance, we are diversifying work style options and expanding the relevant systems. Moreover, our affiliated companies in Japan and abroad are fostering initiatives suitable for local business conditions and regional characteristics. Initiatives Work Style Reform SUBARU’s response to the Act on the Arrangement of Related Acts to Promote Work Style Reform Item Details Accurate calculation of employees’ working hours In July 2018, introduced a company-wide attendance management system for the central management of all electromagnetic records (computer log times and building entry/exit times) for the accurate calculation of employees’ working hours. Encouraging employees to take at least five paid days off per year In FYE March 2020, began implementing measures for all employees, including an initiative to encourage employees who are newly entitled to take 10 or more paid days off to take at least five days off within seven months after the entitlement. Also established operational rules to ensure that all employees can take at least five paid days off per year. Imposing an upper limit on overtime working hours Has been limiting the number of overtime work hours to 590 hours and below annually and to 79 hours and below monthly, setting the criteria stricter than those stipulated by law. Raising the premium pay rate for overtime work exceeding 60 hours per month Has been implementing necessary measures since FYE March 2011. Equal pay for equal work Began reviewing the amount of allowances granted to non-regular employees in FYE March 2021. Work-from-home system Conducted a test implementation starting in FYE March 2021, with full rollout to all sites beginning in FYE March 2022. Abolishing mandatory core hours in the flex-time system Full rollout to all sites beginning in FYE March 2022. * This law was enacted in June 2018 to revise the labor-related laws to foster work style reform. Appropriate Management of Working Hours SUBARU implemented a new attendance management system in FYE March 2019. This system enables exact time management down to the minute, allowing employees and their supervisors to check attendance records entered by the employee, and differences versus building entry/exit times and computer log times. Reduction of Long Working Hours SUBARU established in FYE March 2016 “ultra no-overtime day,” on which all managers and general employees leave work on time across its sites. Moreover, mainly targeting the staff of the development and administrative departments of the Gunma Plant and the development department of the Tokyo Office, we make it a rule to lock the doors on the office floor at 10:00 p.m., thereby making all those working on the floor leave before the doors are locked. By clearly imposing limits on overtime Work-Life Balance * 144 Human Resources: SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Human Resources:Work-Life Balance
[TABLE] Human Resources:Work-Life Balance
[TABLE] Our Approach
As a precondition to making our customers happy, the SUBARU Group believes it is vital to provide employees with
workplaces where they can work with vigor and peace of mind and demonstrate their abilities to the fullest. In order to help
diverse employees maintain their work-life balance, we are diversifying work style options and expanding the relevant
systems.
Moreover, our affiliated companies in Japan and abroad are fostering initiatives suitable for local business conditions and
regional characteristics.
[TABLE] Initiatives
Work Style Reform
SUBARU’s response to the Act on the Arrangement of Related Acts to Promote Work Style Reform*
Item Details
In July 2018, introduced a company-wide attendance management system for the central
Accurate calculation of employees’
management of all electromagnetic records (computer log times and building entry/exit times) for
working hours
the accurate calculation of employees’ working hours.
In FYE March 2020, began implementing measures for all employees, including an initiative to
Encouraging employees to take at encourage employees who are newly entitled to take 10 or more paid days off to take at least five
least five paid days off per year days off within seven months after the entitlement. Also established operational rules to ensure
that all employees can take at least five paid days off per year.
Imposing an upper limit on overtime Has been limiting the number of overtime work hours to 590 hours and below annually and to 79
working hours hours and below monthly, setting the criteria stricter than those stipulated by law.
Raising the premium pay rate for
overtime work exceeding 60 hours Has been implementing necessary measures since FYE March 2011.
per month
Equal pay for equal work Began reviewing the amount of allowances granted to non-regular employees in FYE March 2021.
Conducted a test implementation starting in FYE March 2021, with full rollout to all sites beginning
Work-from-home system
in FYE March 2022.
Abolishing mandatory core hours in
Full rollout to all sites beginning in FYE March 2022.
the flex-time system
* This law was enacted in June 2018 to revise the labor-related laws to foster work style reform.
Appropriate Management of Working Hours
SUBARU implemented a new attendance management system in FYE March 2019. This system enables exact time management
down to the minute, allowing employees and their supervisors to check attendance records entered by the employee, and
differences versus building entry/exit times and computer log times.
Reduction of Long Working Hours
SUBARU established in FYE March 2016 “ultra no-overtime day,” on which all managers and general employees leave work on
time across its sites. Moreover, mainly targeting the staff of the development and administrative departments of the Gunma
Plant and the development department of the Tokyo Office, we make it a rule to lock the doors on the office floor at 10:00
p.m., thereby making all those working on the floor leave before the doors are locked. By clearly imposing limits on overtime
144
[TABLE] Item | Details
[TABLE] Accurate calculation of employees’
working hours | In July 2018, introduced a company-wide attendance management system for the central
management of all electromagnetic records (computer log times and building entry/exit times) for
the accurate calculation of employees’ working hours.
[TABLE] Encouraging employees to take at
least five paid days off per year | In FYE March 2020, began implementing measures for all employees, including an initiative to
encourage employees who are newly entitled to take 10 or more paid days off to take at least five
days off within seven months after the entitlement. Also established operational rules to ensure
that all employees can take at least five paid days off per year.
[TABLE] Imposing an upper limit on overtime
working hours | Has been limiting the number of overtime work hours to 590 hours and below annually and to 79
hours and below monthly, setting the criteria stricter than those stipulated by law.
[TABLE] Raising the premium pay rate for
overtime work exceeding 60 hours
per month | Has been implementing necessary measures since FYE March 2011.
[TABLE] Equal pay for equal work | Began reviewing the amount of allowances granted to non-regular employees in FYE March 2021.
[TABLE] Work-from-home system | Conducted a test implementation starting in FYE March 2021, with full rollout to all sites beginning
in FYE March 2022.
[TABLE] Abolishing mandatory core hours in
the flex-time system | Full rollout to all sites beginning in FYE March 2022.

[PAGE 145]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social work, we are helping employees to be more conscious about their working hours. In addition, we provide consultations with industrial physicians for employees who have worked long hours in excess of a defined level. Flex-time System SUBARU introduced the flex-time system in FYE March 1999. In FYE March 2022, we abolished mandatory core working hours, building an environment where employees can work more flexibly and independently. Employees now have greater discretion than before in their work hours, contributing to improved productivity and richer private lives. Work-from-Home System SUBARU began introducing its work-from-home system to all sites in FYE March 2022. By offering employees the choice of their work location in accordance with the particular characteristics of their duties, we are contributing to improved productivity through adjusting how they work, and to stronger management capabilities for promoting appropriate delegation of authority. In addition, we will continue to work on office reforms, promoting hybrid work both at home and in the office. Paid Leave SUBARU grants employees annual paid leave in the number of days commensurate with their length of service. In addition, at each of our sites, labor and management cooperate to encourage employees to take the leave. Head Office example: Encouraging employees to take leave for ultra-long holidays (three consecutive days of paid leave) and national holidays Annual Paid Leave Utilization Rate (Non-consolidated) (FYE March) 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Encourage employees to take the leave at each site every month Proportion of paid days off taken by employees (%) 86.2 85.7 86.4 95.4 88.7 * Percentage of the number of days off taken by employees of the total number of annual paid days off granted to them. Support for the Maintenance of Balance between Work and Elderly Care At SUBARU, we believe that for employees to continue working with peace of mind, it is important to help mitigate the concerns and burdens of employees and their families concerning the care of the elderly family members. Based on this belief, SUBARU has distributed copies of the Elderly Care Support Handbook to all employees of SUBARU to inform them of the related systems available internally and externally and of the contacts through which they can ask for advice. We have also established a specific long-term care support system to help reduce the burdens imposed on employees. Number of Employees Who Took Long-term Care Leave (Non-consolidated) (FYE March) 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 System for employees to take leave to take care of a family member in need of long-term care Number of employees who took this leave (Persons) 5 9 30 3 4 * 145 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
work, we are helping employees to be more conscious about their working hours.
[TABLE] In addition, we provide consultations with industrial physicians for employees who have worked long hours in excess of a
defined level.
Flex-time System
SUBARU introduced the flex-time system in FYE March 1999. In FYE March 2022, we abolished mandatory core working hours,
building an environment where employees can work more flexibly and independently. Employees now have greater discretion
than before in their work hours, contributing to improved productivity and richer private lives.
Work-from-Home System
SUBARU began introducing its work-from-home system to all sites in FYE March 2022. By offering employees the choice of
their work location in accordance with the particular characteristics of their duties, we are contributing to improved
productivity through adjusting how they work, and to stronger management capabilities for promoting appropriate
delegation of authority. In addition, we will continue to work on office reforms, promoting hybrid work both at home and in
the office.
Paid Leave
SUBARU grants employees annual paid leave in the number of days commensurate with their length of service. In addition, at
each of our sites, labor and management cooperate to encourage employees to take the leave.
Head Office example: Encouraging employees to take leave for ultra-long holidays (three consecutive days of paid leave) and
national holidays
Annual Paid Leave Utilization Rate* (Non-consolidated)
(FYE March)
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Encourage employees to take the leave at each Proportion of paid days off taken by
86.2 85.7 86.4 95.4 88.7
site every month employees (%)
* Percentage of the number of days off taken by employees of the total number of annual paid days off granted to them.
Support for the Maintenance of Balance between Work and Elderly Care
At SUBARU, we believe that for employees to continue working with peace of mind, it is important to help mitigate the
concerns and burdens of employees and their families concerning the care of the elderly family members. Based on this
belief, SUBARU has distributed copies of the Elderly Care Support Handbook to all employees of SUBARU to inform them of
the related systems available internally and externally and of the contacts through which they can ask for advice. We have
also established a specific long-term care support system to help reduce the burdens imposed on employees.
Number of Employees Who Took Long-term Care Leave (Non-consolidated)
(FYE March)
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
System for employees to take leave to take care of a family Number of employees who took
5 9 30 3 4
member in need of long-term care this leave (Persons)
145
[TABLE] 2018 | 2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022
[TABLE] Encourage employees to take the leave at each
site every month | Proportion of paid days off taken by
employees (%) | 86.2 | 85.7 | 86.4 | 95.4 | 88.7
[TABLE] 2018 | 2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022
[TABLE] System for employees to take leave to take care of a family
member in need of long-term care | Number of employees who took
this leave (Persons) | 5 | 9 | 30 | 3 | 4

[PAGE 146]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social As a result of establishing a support system based on criteria that are stricter than the legal obligations, the number of employees who quit their jobs for childcare has decreased to almost zero at our administrative departments. We are now stepping up the measures to support employees in achieving career advancement while raising their children. For the production departments of the Gunma Plant, we have been fostering measures to help employees return to their shift work smoothly. Specifically, in FYE March 2019 we began making the conference rooms available for the children of employees, where they can wait until their nursery schools are opened. We also started to provide employees with an early-morning childcare service by qualified nursery teachers on a trial basis. Then, in FYE March 2020, we conducted a full rollout of these measures at sites neighboring the plant. In FYE March 2022, we plan to open early-morning childcare facilities on plant premises, and are making preparations to that end. Separately, we are working to raise awareness and promote usage of the various systems available to employees, such as making the Maternity Leave and Childcare Support Handbook available on our intranet and holding training about childcare leave for male employees. Childcare leave system SUBARU’s employees can extend the period of childcare leave to the end of the first April after the child becomes two years old. Number of Employees Who Took Childcare Leave (Non-consolidated) (FYE March) 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 System for employees to take leave for childcare Number of employees who took leave Male 10 21 42 65 95 Female 88 80 80 93 104 Total 98 101 122 158 199 Rate of employees who returned to work (%) Male 100 100 100 100 100 Female 100 97.5 95 100 98 Rate of employees who belong to the Company one year after returning to work (%) Male 83.3 100 85 97 92 Female 97.2 90 95 93 95 Ini t iat i ves for Chi ldcare Leave I n orde r t o he l p emp l oyees ba l ance wor k and ch i l dca re , as o f FYE Ma rch 2023 SUBARU has made i t pos s i b l e t o t ake l eave even be f ore comp l e t i ng one yea r o f se r v i ce f or bo t h f i xed - t e rm and non - f i xed - t e rm emp l oyees . I n add i t i on , we have i n i t i a t ed e f f or t s t o ensure t ha t , when an emp l oyee submi t s a no t i ce abou t t he i r spouse ’ s pregnanc y or ch i l db i r t h , t he emp l oyee ’ s manage r s and supe r v i sor s i n t he repor t i ng l i ne ( as we l l as human resources pe r sonne l ) have i nd i v i dua l i n f orma t i ona l exchanges wi t h t he emp l oyee and con f i rm t he i r i n t en t i ons . It is also important to provide employees with an environment that allows them to continue developing their careers while raising their children. Accordingly, we formulated a voluntary action plan in line with the Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children.* At present, SUBARU has received three stars in the “Kurumin” certification from the Japanese Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare, and is taking action based on our 7th Action Plan. 7th Action Plan ( Japanese version only) * This law was enacted for the provision of an environment where people can have and raise children, who are the “Kurumin” mark Support for the Maintenance of Balance between Work and Childcare next generation of leaders, in a sound manner. 146 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
[TABLE] Support for the Maintenance of Balance between Work and Childcare
It is also important to provide employees with an environment that allows them to continue developing
their careers while raising their children. Accordingly, we formulated a voluntary action plan in line
with the Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children.* At present,
SUBARU has received three stars in the “Kurumin” certification from the Japanese Minister of Health,
Labour and Welfare, and is taking action based on our 7th Action Plan.
7th Action Plan (Japanese version only)
* This law was enacted for the provision of an environment where people can have and raise children, who are the “Kurumin” mark
next generation of leaders, in a sound manner.
As a result of establishing a support system based on criteria that are stricter than the legal obligations, the number of
employees who quit their jobs for childcare has decreased to almost zero at our administrative departments. We are now
stepping up the measures to support employees in achieving career advancement while raising their children.
For the production departments of the Gunma Plant, we have been fostering measures to help employees return to their shift
work smoothly.
Specifically, in FYE March 2019 we began making the conference rooms available for the children of employees, where they
can wait until their nursery schools are opened. We also started to provide employees with an early-morning childcare service
by qualified nursery teachers on a trial basis. Then, in FYE March 2020, we conducted a full rollout of these measures at sites
neighboring the plant. In FYE March 2022, we plan to open early-morning childcare facilities on plant premises, and are
making preparations to that end.
Separately, we are working to raise awareness and promote usage of the various systems available to employees, such as
making the Maternity Leave and Childcare Support Handbook available on our intranet and holding training about childcare
leave for male employees.
Childcare leave system
SUBARU’s employees can extend the period of childcare leave to the end of the first April after the child becomes two years
old.
Number of Employees Who Took Childcare Leave (Non-consolidated)
(FYE March)
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Male 10 21 42 65 95
Number of employees who took leave Female 88 80 80 93 104
Total 98 101 122 158 199
System for employees to
Male 100 100 100 100 100
take leave for childcare
Rate of employees who returned to work (%)
Female 100 97.5 95 100 98
Male 83.3 100 85 97 92
Rate of employees who belong to the Company
one year after returning to work (%)
Female 97.2 90 95 93 95
Ini(cid:32)t(cid:32)iat(cid:32)i(cid:32)ves for Chi(cid:32)ldcare Leave
I(cid:32)n orde(cid:32)r t(cid:32)o he(cid:32)l(cid:32)p emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyees ba(cid:32)l(cid:32)ance wor(cid:32)k and ch(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)dca(cid:32)re(cid:32), as o(cid:32)f FYE Ma(cid:32)rch 2023 SUBARU has made i(cid:32)t pos(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)b(cid:32)l(cid:32)e t(cid:32)o t(cid:32)ake l(cid:32)eave even(cid:32)
be(cid:32)f(cid:32)ore comp(cid:32)l(cid:32)e(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng one yea(cid:32)r o(cid:32)f se(cid:32)r(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)ce f(cid:32)or bo(cid:32)t(cid:32)h f(cid:32)i(cid:32)xed(cid:32)-(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)rm and non(cid:32)-(cid:32)f(cid:32)i(cid:32)xed(cid:32)-(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)rm emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyees(cid:32).
I(cid:32)n add(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on(cid:32), we have i(cid:32)n(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed e(cid:32)f(cid:32)f(cid:32)or(cid:32)t(cid:32)s t(cid:32)o ensure t(cid:32)ha(cid:32)t(cid:32), when an emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyee submi(cid:32)t(cid:32)s a no(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ce abou(cid:32)t t(cid:32)he(cid:32)i(cid:32)r spouse(cid:32)’(cid:32)s pregnanc(cid:32)y or(cid:32)
ch(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)db(cid:32)i(cid:32)r(cid:32)t(cid:32)h(cid:32), t(cid:32)he emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyee(cid:32)’(cid:32)s manage(cid:32)r(cid:32)s and supe(cid:32)r(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)sor(cid:32)s i(cid:32)n t(cid:32)he repor(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng l(cid:32)i(cid:32)ne ((cid:32)as we(cid:32)l(cid:32)l as human resources pe(cid:32)r(cid:32)sonne(cid:32)l(cid:32)) have(cid:32)
i(cid:32)nd(cid:32)i(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)dua(cid:32)l i(cid:32)n(cid:32)f(cid:32)orma(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ona(cid:32)l exchanges wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h t(cid:32)he emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyee and con(cid:32)f(cid:32)i(cid:32)rm t(cid:32)he(cid:32)i(cid:32)r i(cid:32)n(cid:32)t(cid:32)en(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons(cid:32).
146
[TABLE] 2018 | 2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022
[TABLE] System for employees to
take leave for childcare | Number of employees who took leave | Male | 10 | 21 | 42 | 65 | 95
[TABLE] Female | 88 | 80 | 80 | 93 | 104
[TABLE] Total | 98 | 101 | 122 | 158 | 199
[TABLE] Rate of employees who returned to work (%) | Male | 100 | 100 | 100 | 100 | 100
[TABLE] Female | 100 | 97.5 | 95 | 100 | 98
[TABLE] Rate of employees who belong to the Company
one year after returning to work (%) | Male | 83.3 | 100 | 85 | 97 | 92
[TABLE] Female | 97.2 | 90 | 95 | 93 | 95

[PAGE 147]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social Short working hours system for childcare Employees can use this system until their children become fourth graders at elementary school and can also concurrently use the flex-time system. Employee Attitudes Survey SUBARU conducts the employee attitudes survey with an eye to raising individual employees’ motivation and invigorating organizations. The survey results are reported to the management team and are also utilized to identify problems and formulate the countermeasures at each of our workplaces. In the FYE March 2022 survey, 16,536 employees, or 94.7% of the total number of regular employees, replied to the questionnaire. There was an overall improvement trend versus the previous results from FYE March 2021, with a particularly significant improvement in scores related to opportunities for improving ability. Results of the Employee Attitudes Survey Rate of Employees Who Gave Positive Responses (%) to the Questions (FYE March) Question 2020 2021 2022 Communication, open culture 56 59 61 Work-life balance 59 64 66 Opportunities for improving ability 49 50 56 Empathy for the corporate philosophy 70 73 74 Work worthwhile 56 58 59 Pride in the company 63 67 66 Special childcare leave taken by employees (Non-consolidated) Number of employees who took leave (up to five days): 563 persons Average number of days off taken under the system: 3.2 days Rate of employees who took special childcare leave or childcare leave (excluding annual paid days off): 89.5% Average number of days off taken by male employees under the childcare leave system: 36 days ・ ・Largest number of days off taken by a male employee: 364 days Chi ldcare leave taken by male employees I n FYE Ma rch 2022 , 85 ma l e emp l oyees t ook ch i l dca re l eave . A l so , unde r t he spec i a l ch i l dca re l eave s y s t em, wh i ch a l l ows emp l oyees t o t ake up t o f i ve day s o f f a t t he b i r t h o f t he i r ch i l dren , 86 . 8% o f ma l e emp l oyees e l i g i b l e f or t h i s l eave t ook a t l eas t one day o f l eave . We wi l l con t i nue t o prov i de wor kp l aces whe re emp l oyees can t ake t h i s l eave i n add i t i on t o ch i l dca re l eave . 147 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Chi(cid:32)ldcare leave taken by male employees
[TABLE] I(cid:32)n FYE Ma(cid:32)rch 2022(cid:32), 85 ma(cid:32)l(cid:32)e emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyees t(cid:32)ook ch(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)dca(cid:32)re l(cid:32)eave(cid:32). A(cid:32)l(cid:32)so(cid:32), unde(cid:32)r t(cid:32)he spec(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)l ch(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)dca(cid:32)re l(cid:32)eave s(cid:32)y(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)em, wh(cid:32)i(cid:32)ch a(cid:32)l(cid:32)l(cid:32)ows(cid:32)
emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyees t(cid:32)o t(cid:32)ake up t(cid:32)o f(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve day(cid:32)s o(cid:32)f(cid:32)f a(cid:32)t t(cid:32)he b(cid:32)i(cid:32)r(cid:32)t(cid:32)h o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he(cid:32)i(cid:32)r ch(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)dren(cid:32), 86(cid:32).(cid:32)8% o(cid:32)f ma(cid:32)l(cid:32)e emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyees e(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)g(cid:32)i(cid:32)b(cid:32)l(cid:32)e f(cid:32)or t(cid:32)h(cid:32)i(cid:32)s l(cid:32)eave t(cid:32)ook a(cid:32)t
(cid:32)l(cid:32)eas(cid:32)t one day o(cid:32)f l(cid:32)eave(cid:32). We wi(cid:32)l(cid:32)l con(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)nue t(cid:32)o prov(cid:32)i(cid:32)de wor(cid:32)kp(cid:32)l(cid:32)aces whe(cid:32)re emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyees can t(cid:32)ake t(cid:32)h(cid:32)i(cid:32)s l(cid:32)eave i(cid:32)n add(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on t(cid:32)o ch(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)dca(cid:32)re
(cid:32)l(cid:32)eave(cid:32).
・Average number of days off taken by male employees under the childcare leave system: 36 days
・Largest number of days off taken by a male employee: 364 days
Special childcare leave taken by employees (Non-consolidated)
Number of employees who took leave (up to five days): 563 persons
Average number of days off taken under the system: 3.2 days
Rate of employees who took special childcare leave or childcare leave (excluding annual paid days off): 89.5%
Short working hours system for childcare
Employees can use this system until their children become fourth graders at elementary school and can also concurrently use
the flex-time system.
Employee Attitudes Survey
SUBARU conducts the employee attitudes survey with an eye to raising individual employees’ motivation and invigorating
organizations. The survey results are reported to the management team and are also utilized to identify problems and
formulate the countermeasures at each of our workplaces.
In the FYE March 2022 survey, 16,536 employees, or 94.7% of the total number of regular employees, replied to the
questionnaire. There was an overall improvement trend versus the previous results from FYE March 2021, with a particularly
significant improvement in scores related to opportunities for improving ability.
Results of the Employee Attitudes Survey
Rate of Employees Who Gave Positive Responses (%) to the Questions
(FYE March)
Question 2020 2021 2022
Communication, open culture 56 59 61
Work-life balance 59 64 66
Opportunities for improving ability 49 50 56
Empathy for the corporate philosophy 70 73 74
Work worthwhile 56 58 59
Pride in the company 63 67 66
147 | I(cid:32)n FYE Ma(cid:32)rch 2022(cid:32), 85 ma(cid:32)l(cid:32)e emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyees t(cid:32)ook ch(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)dca(cid:32)re l(cid:32)eave(cid:32). A(cid:32)l(cid:32)so(cid:32), unde(cid:32)r t(cid:32)he spec(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)l ch(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)dca(cid:32)re l(cid:32)eave s(cid:32)y(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)em, wh(cid:32)i(cid:32)ch a(cid:32)l(cid:32)l(cid:32)ows(cid:32)
emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyees t(cid:32)o t(cid:32)ake up t(cid:32)o f(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve day(cid:32)s o(cid:32)f(cid:32)f a(cid:32)t t(cid:32)he b(cid:32)i(cid:32)r(cid:32)t(cid:32)h o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he(cid:32)i(cid:32)r ch(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)dren(cid:32), 86(cid:32).(cid:32)8% o(cid:32)f ma(cid:32)l(cid:32)e emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyees e(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)g(cid:32)i(cid:32)b(cid:32)l(cid:32)e f(cid:32)or t(cid:32)h(cid:32)i(cid:32)s l(cid:32)eave t(cid:32)ook a(cid:32)t
(cid:32)l(cid:32)eas(cid:32)t one day o(cid:32)f l(cid:32)eave(cid:32). We wi(cid:32)l(cid:32)l con(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)nue t(cid:32)o prov(cid:32)i(cid:32)de wor(cid:32)kp(cid:32)l(cid:32)aces whe(cid:32)re emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyees can t(cid:32)ake t(cid:32)h(cid:32)i(cid:32)s l(cid:32)eave i(cid:32)n add(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on t(cid:32)o ch(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)dca(cid:32)re
(cid:32)l(cid:32)eave(cid:32).
・Average number of days off taken by male employees under the childcare leave system: 36 days
・Largest number of days off taken by a male employee: 364 days
Special childcare leave taken by employees (Non-consolidated)
Number of employees who took leave (up to five days): 563 persons
Average number of days off taken under the system: 3.2 days
Rate of employees who took special childcare leave or childcare leave (excluding annual paid days off): 89.5%
Short working hours system for childcare
Employees can use this system until their children become fourth graders at elementary school and can also concurrently use
the flex-time system.
Employee Attitudes Survey
SUBARU conducts the employee attitudes survey with an eye to raising individual employees’ motivation and invigorating
organizations. The survey results are reported to the management team and are also utilized to identify problems and
formulate the countermeasures at each of our workplaces.
In the FYE March 2022 survey, 16,536 employees, or 94.7% of the total number of regular employees, replied to the
questionnaire. There was an overall improvement trend versus the previous results from FYE March 2021, with a particularly
significant improvement in scores related to opportunities for improving ability.
Results of the Employee Attitudes Survey
Rate of Employees Who Gave Positive Responses (%) to the Questions
(FYE March)
Question 2020 2021 2022
[TABLE] Question | 2020 | 2021 | 2022
[TABLE] Communication, open culture | 56 | 59 | 61
[TABLE] Work-life balance | 59 | 64 | 66
[TABLE] Opportunities for improving ability | 49 | 50 | 56
[TABLE] Empathy for the corporate philosophy | 70 | 73 | 74
[TABLE] Work worthwhile | 56 | 58 | 59
[TABLE] Pride in the company | 63 | 67 | 66

[PAGE 148]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social Our Approach SUBARU and its labor union have been on good terms with each other based on mutual understanding and trust. The Company acknowledges that the union has the right to unite and engage in collective bargaining and other collective actions, while the union recognizes that the Company has the right to manage the business, and the two parties respect the legitimate use of their mutual rights. The Labor and Management Council regularly holds meetings for smooth corporate management and mutual communication. Specifically, participants exchange opinions regarding the management policies, outline of the business results, and production and sales, and also discuss issues such as labor conditions, challenges concerning work styles, and the occupational health and safety policies. In the labor-management negotiations on the revision of wages (salaries and bonuses) and other labor conditions, the two parties work to reach an agreement for revision or the establishment of new rules. For issues that might have a significant impact on employees, the parties discuss them fully before informing employees of the results. N u m b e r o f E m p l oy ees Belonging to the Labor Union The following shows the data for FYE March 2022 . * As of October 1, 2021 Labor-Management Communication * Members of the Subaru Labor Union: 15,610 persons (Membership rate of 92.6% among 16,853 employees) ・ Confederation of Subaru Affiliated Labor Unions Number of members: 28,056 persons ・ 148 Human Resources: SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Human Resources:Labor-Management Communication
[TABLE] Our Approach
SUBARU and its labor union have been on good terms with each other based on mutual understanding and trust. The
Company acknowledges that the union has the right to unite and engage in collective bargaining and other collective actions,
while the union recognizes that the Company has the right to manage the business, and the two parties respect the
legitimate use of their mutual rights.
The Labor and Management Council regularly holds meetings for smooth corporate management and mutual communication.
Specifically, participants exchange opinions regarding the management policies, outline of the business results, and
production and sales, and also discuss issues such as labor conditions, challenges concerning work styles, and the
occupational health and safety policies. In the labor-management negotiations on the revision of wages (salaries and
bonuses) and other labor conditions, the two parties work to reach an agreement for revision or the establishment of new
rules. For issues that might have a significant impact on employees, the parties discuss them fully before informing
employees of the results.
Number of Employees Belonging to the Labor Union
The following shows the data for FYE March 2022*.
・Members of the Subaru Labor Union: 15,610 persons
(Membership rate of 92.6% among 16,853 employees)
・Confederation of Subaru Affiliated Labor Unions Number of members: 28,056 persons
* As of October 1, 2021
148
[TABLE] Human Resources:Labor-Management Communication
[TABLE] Our Approach
SUBARU and its labor union have been on good terms with each other based on mutual understanding and trust. The
Company acknowledges that the union has the right to unite and engage in collective bargaining and other collective actions,
while the union recognizes that the Company has the right to manage the business, and the two parties respect the
legitimate use of their mutual rights.
The Labor and Management Council regularly holds meetings for smooth corporate management and mutual communication.
Specifically, participants exchange opinions regarding the management policies, outline of the business results, and
production and sales, and also discuss issues such as labor conditions, challenges concerning work styles, and the
occupational health and safety policies. In the labor-management negotiations on the revision of wages (salaries and
bonuses) and other labor conditions, the two parties work to reach an agreement for revision or the establishment of new
rules. For issues that might have a significant impact on employees, the parties discuss them fully before informing
employees of the results.
[TABLE] Number of Employees Belonging to the Labor Union
The following shows the data for FYE March 2022*.
・Members of the Subaru Labor Union: 15,610 persons
(Membership rate of 92.6% among 16,853 employees)
・Confederation of Subaru Affiliated Labor Unions Number of members: 28,056 persons
* As of October 1, 2021

[PAGE 149]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social Employee Data Number of Employees (FYE March) 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Number of employees (Consolidated) (Persons) Total 33,544 34,200 35,034 36,070 36,910 Number of employees (Non-consolidated) (Persons) Excluding directors and advisors but including those seconded to other companies Total 15,530 15,885 16,318 16,964 17,442 Male 14,477 14,774 14,823 15,376 15,776 Female 1,053 1,111 1,139 1,189 1,249 Part- time - - 356 399 417 Number of temporary employees (Non-consolidated) (Persons) - - 6,328 5,801 5,464 *1 Regular employees *2 Has been disclosed since FYE March 2020 Composition of Employees (Non-consolidated) (FYE March) 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Male to female ratio (%) Male 93 93 93 93 93 Female 7 7 7 7 7 Average age 38.6 38.5 37.4 39.0 39.1 Average length of service (Years) 15.9 15.8 15.8 16.0 16.0 Number of managers (Persons) Male 1,020 1,030 1,051 1,062 1,089 Female 13 14 20 21 24 Number of new graduate hires (Persons) Male 494 473 498 561 548 Female 80 74 68 71 84 Number of mid-career hires (Persons) Male 221 317 161 182 115 Female 15 15 24 13 19 Number of employees who quit the Company (Persons) 249 339 329 354 332 Composition of Employees by Age (for FYE March 2022 on a non-consolidated basis) Age Male Female Total Younger than 30 4,302 474 4,776 30 to 39 4,148 247 4,395 40 to 49 4,197 346 4,543 50 to 59 3,497 200 3,697 Employee Data *1 *1 *2 *2 149 Human Resources: SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Human Resources:Employee Data
[TABLE] Human Resources:Employee Data
[TABLE] Employee Data
Number of Employees
(FYE March)
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Number of employees
Total 33,544 34,200 35,034 36,070 36,910
(Consolidated) (Persons)
Total 15,530 15,885 16,318 16,964 17,442
Number of employees Male*1 14,477 14,774 14,823 15,376 15,776
(Non-consolidated) (Persons)
Excluding directors and
Female*1 1,053 1,111 1,139 1,189 1,249
advisors but including those
seconded to other companies
Part-
- - 356 399 417
time*2
Number of temporary
employees - - 6,328 5,801 5,464
(Non-consolidated)*2(Persons)
*1 Regular employees
*2 Has been disclosed since FYE March 2020
Composition of Employees (Non-consolidated)
(FYE March)
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Male 93 93 93 93 93
Male to female ratio (%)
Female 7 7 7 7 7
Average age 38.6 38.5 37.4 39.0 39.1
Average length of service (Years) 15.9 15.8 15.8 16.0 16.0
Male 1,020 1,030 1,051 1,062 1,089
Number of managers (Persons)
Female 13 14 20 21 24
Male 494 473 498 561 548
Number of new graduate hires (Persons)
Female 80 74 68 71 84
Male 221 317 161 182 115
Number of mid-career hires (Persons)
Female 15 15 24 13 19
Number of employees who quit the Company (Persons) 249 339 329 354 332
Composition of Employees by Age (for FYE March 2022 on a non-consolidated basis)
Age Male Female Total
Younger than 30 4,302 474 4,776
30 to 39 4,148 247 4,395
40 to 49 4,197 346 4,543
50 to 59 3,497 200 3,697
149
[TABLE] 2018 | 2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022
[TABLE] Number of employees
(Consolidated) (Persons) | Total | 33,544 | 34,200 | 35,034 | 36,070 | 36,910
[TABLE] Number of employees
(Non-consolidated) (Persons)
Excluding directors and
advisors but including those
seconded to other companies | Total | 15,530 | 15,885 | 16,318 | 16,964 | 17,442
[TABLE] Male*1 | 14,477 | 14,774 | 14,823 | 15,376 | 15,776
[TABLE] Female*1 | 1,053 | 1,111 | 1,139 | 1,189 | 1,249
[TABLE] Part-
time*2 | - | - | 356 | 399 | 417
[TABLE] Number of temporary
employees
(Non-consolidated)*2(Persons) | - | - | 6,328 | 5,801 | 5,464
[TABLE] 2018 | 2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022
[TABLE] Male to female ratio (%) | Male | 93 | 93 | 93 | 93 | 93
[TABLE] Female | 7 | 7 | 7 | 7 | 7
[TABLE] Average age | 38.6 | 38.5 | 37.4 | 39.0 | 39.1
[TABLE] Average length of service (Years) | 15.9 | 15.8 | 15.8 | 16.0 | 16.0
[TABLE] Number of managers (Persons) | Male | 1,020 | 1,030 | 1,051 | 1,062 | 1,089
[TABLE] Female | 13 | 14 | 20 | 21 | 24
[TABLE] Number of new graduate hires (Persons) | Male | 494 | 473 | 498 | 561 | 548
[TABLE] Female | 80 | 74 | 68 | 71 | 84
[TABLE] Number of mid-career hires (Persons) | Male | 221 | 317 | 161 | 182 | 115
[TABLE] Female | 15 | 15 | 24 | 13 | 19
[TABLE] Number of employees who quit the Company (Persons) | 249 | 339 | 329 | 354 | 332
[TABLE] Age | Male | Female | Total
[TABLE] Younger than 30 | 4,302 | 474 | 4,776
[TABLE] 30 to 39 | 4,148 | 247 | 4,395
[TABLE] 40 to 49 | 4,197 | 346 | 4,543
[TABLE] 50 to 59 | 3,497 | 200 | 3,697

[PAGE 150]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social Breakdown of New Graduate Hires by Job Category (for FYE March 2022 on a non-consolidated basis) Category Male Female Total Career-track employee (in technological fields) 207 25 232 Career-track employee (in other fields) 22 10 32 Clerk 42 13 55 Skilled worker 277 36 313 Composition of Mid-career Hires by Age (for FYE March 2022 on a non-consolidated basis) Age Male Female Total Younger than 30 38 4 42 30 to 39 56 13 69 40 to 49 13 2 15 50 and older 8 0 8 Comparison of Fixed Wages between Male and Female Employees (for FYE March 2022 on a non- consolidated basis) Fixed Wages Male:Female Managers 1:0.95 General employees 1:0.89 Note: The same salary system is adopted for both male and female employees. Differences in fixed wages are due to age- and job grade- related differences. FYE March 2022 Employee Stock Ownership Association Status As of March 31, 2022 Number of Participants 4,922 Participation Rate 29.0% Number of Shares Held 2,622,718 150 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Breakdown of New Graduate Hires by Job Category (for FYE March 2022 on a non-consolidated basis)
[TABLE] Category Male Female Total
Career-track employee (in technological fields) 207 25 232
Career-track employee (in other fields) 22 10 32
Clerk 42 13 55
Skilled worker 277 36 313
Composition of Mid-career Hires by Age (for FYE March 2022 on a non-consolidated basis)
Age Male Female Total
Younger than 30 38 4 42
30 to 39 56 13 69
40 to 49 13 2 15
50 and older 8 0 8
Comparison of Fixed Wages between Male and Female Employees (for FYE March 2022 on a non-
consolidated basis)
Fixed Wages Male:Female
Managers 1:0.95
General employees 1:0.89
Note: The same salary system is adopted for both male and female employees. Differences in fixed wages are due to age- and job grade-
related differences.
FYE March 2022 Employee Stock Ownership Association Status
As of March 31, 2022
Number of Participants 4,922
Participation Rate 29.0%
Number of Shares Held 2,622,718
150 | Category Male Female Total
Career-track employee (in technological fields) 207 25 232
Career-track employee (in other fields) 22 10 32
Clerk 42 13 55
Skilled worker 277 36 313
Composition of Mid-career Hires by Age (for FYE March 2022 on a non-consolidated basis)
Age Male Female Total
Younger than 30 38 4 42
30 to 39 56 13 69
40 to 49 13 2 15
50 and older 8 0 8
Comparison of Fixed Wages between Male and Female Employees (for FYE March 2022 on a non-
consolidated basis)
Fixed Wages Male:Female
Managers 1:0.95
General employees 1:0.89
Note: The same salary system is adopted for both male and female employees. Differences in fixed wages are due to age- and job grade-
related differences.
FYE March 2022 Employee Stock Ownership Association Status
As of March 31, 2022
Number of Participants 4,922
Participation Rate 29.0%
Number of Shares Held 2,622,718
[TABLE] Category | Male | Female | Total
[TABLE] Career-track employee (in technological fields) | 207 | 25 | 232
[TABLE] Career-track employee (in other fields) | 22 | 10 | 32
[TABLE] Clerk | 42 | 13 | 55
[TABLE] Skilled worker | 277 | 36 | 313
[TABLE] Age | Male | Female | Total
[TABLE] Younger than 30 | 38 | 4 | 42
[TABLE] 30 to 39 | 56 | 13 | 69
[TABLE] 40 to 49 | 13 | 2 | 15
[TABLE] 50 and older | 8 | 0 | 8
[TABLE] Fixed Wages | Male:Female
[TABLE] Managers | 1:0.95
[TABLE] General employees | 1:0.89
[TABLE] As of March 31, 2022
[TABLE] Number of Participants | 4,922
[TABLE] Participation Rate | 29.0%
[TABLE] Number of Shares Held | 2,622,718

[PAGE 151]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social Our Approach The SUBARU Group strives to put the customer first in all business activities. SUBARU is promoting activities to reflect customer feedback in our products and services, so that customers continue to choose our brand for “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind,” with the aim of achieving our mid-term management vision “STEP.” In addition, we cooperate with overseas dealerships around the world in the areas of “staff training” and “dealership operations support,” enabling them to provide uniformly high-level service that meets the needs of our customers. Initiatives Customer Consultation Service In order to be closer to our customers and sincerely address their inquiries and difficulties, we have enhanced the various methods to communicate with our customers, such as call centers and websites. Opinions, requests, and comments received from our customers are fed back to the relevant departments, and we use this feedback to improve the quality of our products and services, as well as to make proposals. SUBARU Call Breakdown by Type of Consultation Expanding inquiry channels ( Japanese website only) In July 2021, we updated the Q&A section under the Inquiries and Frequently Asked Questions page of the Japanese version of our official website in light of the recent increase in inquiries via the internet. To achieve even more convenience, we are working to regularly update the Q&A section and improve its searchability based on search status and data from inquiries Customers 151 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Customers
[TABLE] Customers
[TABLE] Our Approach
The SUBARU Group strives to put the customer first in all business activities. SUBARU is promoting activities to reflect
customer feedback in our products and services, so that customers continue to choose our brand for “Enjoyment and Peace of
Mind,” with the aim of achieving our mid-term management vision “STEP.”
In addition, we cooperate with overseas dealerships around the world in the areas of “staff training” and “dealership
operations support,” enabling them to provide uniformly high-level service that meets the needs of our customers.
[TABLE] Initiatives
Customer Consultation Service
In order to be closer to our customers and sincerely address their inquiries and difficulties, we have enhanced the various
methods to communicate with our customers, such as call centers and websites. Opinions, requests, and comments received
from our customers are fed back to the relevant departments, and we use this feedback to improve the quality of our
products and services, as well as to make proposals.
SUBARU Call
Breakdown by Type of Consultation
Expanding inquiry channels (Japanese website only)
In July 2021, we updated the Q&A section under the Inquiries and Frequently Asked Questions page of the Japanese version
of our official website in light of the recent increase in inquiries via the internet. To achieve even more convenience, we are
working to regularly update the Q&A section and improve its searchability based on search status and data from inquiries
151

[PAGE 152]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social received by our Customer Center. As a result, page accesses have grown significantly compared to before the updates. In addition, we plan to introduce chatbots in September 2022 as a system that will enable us to provide precise support for customer needs 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. We will expand our contact points with customers through various inquiry channels, utilizing these to improve customer satisfaction, develop new products, and provide services. Gathering and Relaying Customer Feedback Customer feedback received is published on our intranet for access by relevant departments. Customer feedback received not only in Japan but also at local dealerships in the U.S., SUBARU’s largest market, is analyzed by the Customer Service Division in Japan and fed back internally for product and service development and quality improvement. Customer Satisfaction Survey Seeking to offer ever better service at our sales outlets, SUBARU conducts the SUBARU Customer Questionnaire directed at customers who bought a SUBARU vehicle at our dealerships. In order to take the customers’ comments and requests learned from the survey results seriously, we have established a system in which our dealerships share those comments and requests so that they can respond to customer expectations, leading to improvements. Customer Satisfaction Survey Note: We started use of the sharing system in FYE March 2018. Number of Valid Responses In FYE March 2022, we once again received many opinions. Number of Valid Responses (FYE March) 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Number of responses 107,350 102,571 74,148 47,970 59,391 Evaluat ion of Achievements in FYE March 2022 We have expanded our sur vey t o i ncorpora t e op i n i ons f rom a broade r segmen t o f our cus t ome r s , adop t i ng a me t hod t o no t on l y use eva l ua t i ons o f our ach i evemen t s i n FYE Ma rch 2021 and our new ca r owne r sur vey s t hree and f i ve yea r s a f t e r t he i r purchase bu t a l so random samp l i ngs f rom cus t ome r s who have purchased t he i r veh i c l e s i x or more yea r s prev i ous l y. We rece i ved h i gh ra t i ngs f rom a round 80% o f responden t s , as we l l as a va r i e t y o f op i n i ons . SUBARU and SUBARU dea l e r sh i ps t ake t he v i ews o f our cus t ome r s se r i ous l y and wi l l wor k t oge t he r on ac t i v i t i es a imed a t ach i ev i ng f ur t he r improvemen t s . 152 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
received by our Customer Center.
[TABLE] As a result, page accesses have grown significantly compared to before the updates.
In addition, we plan to introduce chatbots in September 2022 as a system that will enable us to provide precise support for
customer needs 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
We will expand our contact points with customers through various inquiry channels, utilizing these to improve customer
satisfaction, develop new products, and provide services.
Gathering and Relaying Customer Feedback
Customer feedback received is published on our intranet for access by relevant departments. Customer feedback received not
only in Japan but also at local dealerships in the U.S., SUBARU’s largest market, is analyzed by the Customer Service Division
in Japan and fed back internally for product and service development and quality improvement.
Customer Satisfaction Survey
Seeking to offer ever better service at our sales outlets, SUBARU conducts the SUBARU Customer Questionnaire directed at
customers who bought a SUBARU vehicle at our dealerships. In order to take the customers’ comments and requests learned
from the survey results seriously, we have established a system in which our dealerships share those comments and requests
so that they can respond to customer expectations, leading to improvements.
Customer Satisfaction Survey
Note: We started use of the sharing system in FYE March 2018.
Number of Valid Responses
In FYE March 2022, we once again received many opinions.
Number of Valid Responses
(FYE March)
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Number of responses 107,350 102,571 74,148 47,970 59,391
Evaluat(cid:32)ion of Achievements in FYE March 2022
We have expanded our sur(cid:32)vey t(cid:32)o i(cid:32)ncorpora(cid:32)t(cid:32)e op(cid:32)i(cid:32)n(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons f(cid:32)rom a broade(cid:32)r segmen(cid:32)t o(cid:32)f our cus(cid:32)t(cid:32)ome(cid:32)r(cid:32)s(cid:32), adop(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng a me(cid:32)t(cid:32)hod t(cid:32)o no(cid:32)t(cid:32)
on(cid:32)l(cid:32)y use eva(cid:32)l(cid:32)ua(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons o(cid:32)f our ach(cid:32)i(cid:32)evemen(cid:32)t(cid:32)s i(cid:32)n FYE Ma(cid:32)rch 2021 and our new ca(cid:32)r owne(cid:32)r sur(cid:32)vey(cid:32)s t(cid:32)hree and f(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve yea(cid:32)r(cid:32)s a(cid:32)f(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)r t(cid:32)he(cid:32)i(cid:32)r(cid:32)
purchase bu(cid:32)t a(cid:32)l(cid:32)so random samp(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)ngs f(cid:32)rom cus(cid:32)t(cid:32)ome(cid:32)r(cid:32)s who have purchased t(cid:32)he(cid:32)i(cid:32)r veh(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32)l(cid:32)e s(cid:32)i(cid:32)x or more yea(cid:32)r(cid:32)s prev(cid:32)i(cid:32)ous(cid:32)l(cid:32)y. We(cid:32)
rece(cid:32)i(cid:32)ved h(cid:32)i(cid:32)gh ra(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ngs f(cid:32)rom a(cid:32)round 80% o(cid:32)f responden(cid:32)t(cid:32)s(cid:32), as we(cid:32)l(cid:32)l as a va(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)e(cid:32)t(cid:32)y o(cid:32)f op(cid:32)i(cid:32)n(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons(cid:32). SUBARU and SUBARU dea(cid:32)l(cid:32)e(cid:32)r(cid:32)sh(cid:32)i(cid:32)ps t(cid:32)ake(cid:32)
t(cid:32)he v(cid:32)i(cid:32)ews o(cid:32)f our cus(cid:32)t(cid:32)ome(cid:32)r(cid:32)s se(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)ous(cid:32)l(cid:32)y and wi(cid:32)l(cid:32)l wor(cid:32)k t(cid:32)oge(cid:32)t(cid:32)he(cid:32)r on ac(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es a(cid:32)imed a(cid:32)t ach(cid:32)i(cid:32)ev(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng f(cid:32)ur(cid:32)t(cid:32)he(cid:32)r improvemen(cid:32)t(cid:32)s(cid:32).
152
[TABLE] 2018 | 2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022
[TABLE] Number of responses | 107,350 | 102,571 | 74,148 | 47,970 | 59,391

[PAGE 153]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social We have established the SUBARU Academy, which is dedicated to training human resources at our dealerships in Japan and overseas. For dealerships in Japan, it provides training for managers, sales departments, and service departments. For overseas companies, it provides programs for service staff, meeting specific regional needs. From FYE March 2023, this program is transforming into an online-focused learning system utilizing a learning management system . Approximately 10,000 staff members from 44 SUBARU dealerships in Japan have registered for this learning management system, and as of the end of May 2022, they are able to study via more than 700 e-learning programs (to be increased to approximately 1,100 programs by the end of September 2022). We also combine e- learning with interactive web-based training to increase learning efficiency and maximize effectiveness. *1 A learning management system is a system for the integrated management of learning material delivery, course history, performance, and other information necessary for implementing e-learning. SUBARU Academy (Subaru Training Center) To demonstrate that staff have the ability to propose “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” to customers and support them, SUBARU has established STARS , a sales professional certification program. *2 SUBARU Staff ’s Training and Rating System, which helps salespersons develop themselves through repeated Off-JT (study), OJT (practice), and qualification tests (challenge). Sales STARS (as of March 2022) To determine salespersons’ certification levels, SUBARU runs tests covering areas such as knowledge, techniques, and customer service skills based on their performance on sales. Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 54 salespeople 694 salespeople 1,084 salespeople Service STARS (as of May 2022) For service staff, certification levels are determined based on the tests on service operation knowledge, customer service skills, and technical capabilities. Front counter service levels Level S Level A Level B Level C 25 persons 671 persons 514 persons 2,402 persons Mechanical levels Level S Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Level 4 21 mechanics 889 mechanics 1,256 mechanics 98 mechanics 568 mechanics Online Training To improve the technical skills of service staff, we offer the Subaru Technical Education Program (STEP) and use skill certification testing to motivate learning. SUBARU develops trainers who provide training to our service staff worldwide and trains service staff to be able to handle increasingly sophisticated automobile technology. We offer the STEP Trainer Training (STT) and Advanced Technical Number of Trainees (including training trips): Japan FYE March 2021 FYE March 2022 FYE March 2023 Managers, sales staff, service staff 644 876 In progress Notes Approximately one-quarter of the number of students before the COVID-19 pandemic due to training cancellations during the pandemic More than 10,000 registered due to extensive online training STARS Sales Professional Certification Program ( Japan) Service Staff Training (Overseas) *1 *2 *3 *4 Human Resource Training at Dealerships 153 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Human Resource Training at Dealerships
[TABLE] We have established the SUBARU Academy, which is dedicated to training human
resources at our dealerships in Japan and overseas. For dealerships in Japan, it
provides training for managers, sales departments, and service departments. For
overseas companies, it provides programs for service staff, meeting specific
regional needs.
From FYE March 2023, this program is transforming into an online-focused
learning system utilizing a learning management system*1.
Approximately 10,000 staff members from 44 SUBARU dealerships in Japan have
registered for this learning management system, and as of the end of May 2022,
they are able to study via more than 700 e-learning programs (to be increased to
SUBARU Academy (Subaru Training Center)
approximately 1,100 programs by the end of September 2022). We also combine e-
learning with interactive web-based training to increase learning efficiency and
maximize effectiveness.
*1 A learning management system is a system for the integrated management of learning
material delivery, course history, performance, and other information necessary for
implementing e-learning.
Number of Trainees (including training trips): Japan
FYE March 2021 FYE March 2022 FYE March 2023
Managers, sales
644 876 In progress
staff, service staff
Approximately one-quarter of the number of students before the COVID-19 More than 10,000 registered due
Notes
pandemic due to training cancellations during the pandemic to extensive online training
STARS Sales Professional Certification Program (Japan)
To demonstrate that staff have the ability to propose “Enjoyment and Peace of
Mind” to customers and support them, SUBARU has established STARS*2, a sales
professional certification program.
*2 SUBARU Staff’s Training and Rating System, which helps salespersons develop
themselves through repeated Off-JT (study), OJT (practice), and qualification tests
(challenge).
Sales STARS (as of March 2022)
To determine salespersons’ certification levels, SUBARU runs tests covering areas
such as knowledge, techniques, and customer service skills based on their
performance on sales.
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
54 salespeople 694 salespeople 1,084 salespeople
Service STARS (as of May 2022)
Online Training
For service staff, certification levels are determined based on the tests on service
operation knowledge, customer service skills, and technical capabilities.
Front Level S Level A Level B Level C
counter
service 671 514 2,402
25 persons
levels persons persons persons
Level S Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Level 4
Mechanical
levels 21 889 1,256 98 568
mechanics mechanics mechanics mechanics mechanics
Service Staff Training (Overseas)
To improve the technical skills of service staff, we offer the Subaru Technical
Education Program (STEP)*3 and use skill certification testing to motivate learning.
SUBARU develops trainers who provide training to our service staff worldwide and
trains service staff to be able to handle increasingly sophisticated automobile
technology. We offer the STEP Trainer Training (STT)*4 and Advanced Technical
153
[TABLE] FYE March 2021 | FYE March 2022 | FYE March 2023
[TABLE] Managers, sales
staff, service staff | 644 | 876 | In progress
[TABLE] Notes | Approximately one-quarter of the number of students before the COVID-19
pandemic due to training cancellations during the pandemic | More than 10,000 registered due
to extensive online training
[TABLE] Level 1 | Level 2 | Level 3
[TABLE] 54 salespeople | 694 salespeople | 1,084 salespeople
[TABLE] Front
counter
service
levels | Level S | Level A | Level B | Level C
[TABLE] 25 persons | 671
persons | 514
persons | 2,402
persons
[TABLE] Mechanical
levels | Level S | Level 1 | Level 2 | Level 3 | Level 4
[TABLE] 21
mechanics | 889
mechanics | 1,256
mechanics | 98
mechanics | 568
mechanics

[PAGE 154]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social Training (ATT) programs for dealership trainers. These technical training programs, in addition to on-site training for all SUBARU employees, offer online training, increasing opportunities for employee participation. Moreover, SUBARU assigns external trainers certified by us to countries with annual sales of at least 1,000 cars with the aim of further enhancing service. *3 A technical training program that establishes three levels of mechanic engineering / technical skill and certifies them based on these levels. The three levels, from the beginner qualification, are Subaru Technician, Subaru Senior Technician, and Subaru Master Technician. *4 A training program to develop certification trainers who will provide “STEP” training. *5 A periodic training program held for the purpose of increasing the skills of certification trainers overseas. It provides education on topics such as new technology and high-level control technology. ATT Status of Technical Training Past results FYE March 2022 results FYE March 2023 plans STT Held a total of 23 sessions since 2011, providing STT training to 179 trainers in 29 countries Not held in FYE March 2022 due to movement restrictions during the COVID-19 pandemic To be held ATT Held a total of 15 sessions from April 2015 to March 2020, providing ATT training to a cumulative total of 206 certification trainers in 28 countries Held the two EyeSight and e-BOXER programs online, providing ATT training to a cumulative total of 96 certification trainers in 28 countries Two programs to be held Developing service management managers ( Japan) Customer expectations on after-sales service are increasing by the year. In order to provide services that exceed expectations, SUBARU brings in the next generation of leaders from dealerships, developing them into human resources with a broader perspective through work experience at SUBARU. In the SUBARU Service Management Manager Development Course, employees from dealerships are seconded to SUBARU for two years to learn SUBARU’s approaches and working styles, helping to improve their management abilities. The SUBARU Technical Course provides participants with the opportunity to gain hints and new awareness into automobile maintenance work. This is achieved through training at the aircraft maintenance site of the Aerospace Company, where SUBARU has its roots. Supporting Dealership Operations Developing Malfunction Diagnostic Systems With the evolution of vehicle technology, the role of malfunction diagnostic equipment and service tools is becoming increasingly important in ensuring vehicle safety. SUBARU is developing diagnostic equipment and related systems from a variety of angles, such as improving communication functions with vehicles and reducing the workload of maintenance and repair workers. Rapid Recall and Repair of Vehicles Subject to Repair When a decision is made to implement a recall, we engage as the entire SUBARU Group. We have a system in place to ensure smoothness across the entire recall process, including notification to authorities, contacting customers, and repair. In addition, we work closely with dealerships in each country to ensure that repairs are completed quickly and reliably by supplying repair parts in a timely manner. In particular, SUBARU’s recall progress related to the Takata airbag recall in the U.S. is among the highest in the industry. SUBARU’s Recall Action for Takata Airbags ( Japanese version only) Responding to Customer Needs in Diverse Markets In order to meet the needs of customers in all regions around the world, SUBARU is introducing products tailored to each local environment. In South America and Asia, where demand for SUVs carrying several passengers is high, we have launched the Evoltis (U.S. market product name: Ascent). We have also introduced the SOLTERRA BEV to markets such as Europe and China, where electrification is rapidly advancing. The SOLTERRA will be gradually expanded to other markets, such as Australia, to meet the needs of customers and contribute to the realization of a carbon-neutral society. *5 154 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Training (ATT)*5 programs for dealership trainers.
[TABLE] These technical training programs, in addition to on-site training for all SUBARU
employees, offer online training, increasing opportunities for employee
participation. Moreover, SUBARU assigns external trainers certified by us to
countries with annual sales of at least 1,000 cars with the aim of further
enhancing service.
*3 A technical training program that establishes three levels of mechanic engineering /
technical skill and certifies them based on these levels. The three levels, from the ATT
beginner qualification, are Subaru Technician, Subaru Senior Technician, and Subaru
Master Technician.
*4 A training program to develop certification trainers who will provide “STEP” training.
*5 A periodic training program held for the purpose of increasing the skills of certification
trainers overseas. It provides education on topics such as new technology and high-level
control technology.
Status of Technical Training
Past results FYE March 2022 results FYE March 2023 plans
Held a total of 23 sessions since 2011, Not held in FYE March 2022 due to
STT providing STT training to 179 trainers movement restrictions during the To be held
in 29 countries COVID-19 pandemic
Held a total of 15 sessions from April Held the two EyeSight and e-BOXER
2015 to March 2020, providing ATT programs online, providing ATT
ATT Two programs to be held
training to a cumulative total of 206 training to a cumulative total of 96
certification trainers in 28 countries certification trainers in 28 countries
Developing service management managers (Japan)
Customer expectations on after-sales service are increasing by the year. In order to provide services that exceed
expectations, SUBARU brings in the next generation of leaders from dealerships, developing them into human resources with
a broader perspective through work experience at SUBARU.
In the SUBARU Service Management Manager Development Course, employees from dealerships are seconded to SUBARU for
two years to learn SUBARU’s approaches and working styles, helping to improve their management abilities.
The SUBARU Technical Course provides participants with the opportunity to gain hints and new awareness into automobile
maintenance work. This is achieved through training at the aircraft maintenance site of the Aerospace Company, where
SUBARU has its roots.
Supporting Dealership Operations
Developing Malfunction Diagnostic Systems
With the evolution of vehicle technology, the role of malfunction diagnostic equipment and service tools is becoming
increasingly important in ensuring vehicle safety.
SUBARU is developing diagnostic equipment and related systems from a variety of angles, such as improving communication
functions with vehicles and reducing the workload of maintenance and repair workers.
Rapid Recall and Repair of Vehicles Subject to Repair
When a decision is made to implement a recall, we engage as the entire SUBARU Group. We have a system in place to ensure
smoothness across the entire recall process, including notification to authorities, contacting customers, and repair.
In addition, we work closely with dealerships in each country to ensure that repairs are completed quickly and reliably by
supplying repair parts in a timely manner.
In particular, SUBARU’s recall progress related to the Takata airbag recall in the U.S. is among the highest in the industry.
SUBARU’s Recall Action for Takata Airbags (Japanese version only)
Responding to Customer Needs in Diverse Markets
In order to meet the needs of customers in all regions around the world, SUBARU is introducing products tailored to each
local environment.
In South America and Asia, where demand for SUVs carrying several passengers is high, we have launched the Evoltis (U.S.
market product name: Ascent). We have also introduced the SOLTERRA BEV to markets such as Europe and China, where
electrification is rapidly advancing.
The SOLTERRA will be gradually expanded to other markets, such as Australia, to meet the needs of customers and contribute
to the realization of a carbon-neutral society.
154
[TABLE] Past results | FYE March 2022 results | FYE March 2023 plans
[TABLE] STT | Held a total of 23 sessions since 2011,
providing STT training to 179 trainers
in 29 countries | Not held in FYE March 2022 due to
movement restrictions during the
COVID-19 pandemic | To be held
[TABLE] ATT | Held a total of 15 sessions from April
2015 to March 2020, providing ATT
training to a cumulative total of 206
certification trainers in 28 countries | Held the two EyeSight and e-BOXER
programs online, providing ATT
training to a cumulative total of 96
certification trainers in 28 countries | Two programs to be held

[PAGE 155]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social SUBARU aspires toward sharing the happiness and freedom of living through cars for everybody. As such, SUBARU is working to develop and increase the popularity of welfare vehicles so that people with physical handicaps and the elderly can travel by car in comfort and with peace of mind. SUBARU started producing and selling welfare vehicles in 1980 and now they are well known as the “TRANSCARE series.” It offers a wide range of options, from standardized cars to mini cars. SUBARU aims to develop vehicles that provide comfortable driving for both people who are in care and for care providers. In FYE March 2021, we introduced Wing Seats with side airbags to the Forester. Going forward, we will continue to take action in a variety of areas so that we can provide even more “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” to more of our customers. TRANSCARE series ( Japanese version only) SUBARU XV (with Wing Seat) Forester (with Wing Seat) Developing/Popularizing Welfare Vehicles Initiatives for Customers in the Aerospace Business In the aerospace business, we continue to resolve issues with customers after product delivery in order to maintain the continued operating condition of the aircraft we supply to the Japan Self-Defense Forces, Coast Guard, National Police Agency, and others. We periodically visit customers and take questionnaires in order to confirm the effectiveness of this initiative. The questionnaire covers items such as product quality, service, emergency response, and visitor response, evaluated on a five-step scale. In this questionnaire, we received high ratings from the Japan Self-Defense Forces, Coast Guard, and Metropolitan Police Department. Here, we are working to sincerely address customer opinions and further improve their satisfaction. Also, SUBARU’s maintenance staff involved in manufacturing visit the land, sea, and air units of the Japan Self-Defense Forces that use our products. They exchange information on use and maintenance, develop a better understanding of the operations, and communicate extensively, leading to the improvement of their work. Going forward, we will move ahead with initiatives to understand customers’ requests in detail and to earn customer satisfaction with SUBARU’s products and services through maintenance and operations. Questionnaire Evaluation Results (FYE March) 2019 2020 2021 Japan Self-Defense Forces 3.9 4.0 4.0 Coast Guard, Metropolitan Police Department, etc. 3.6 4.2 3.1 155 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Developing/Popularizing Welfare Vehicles
[TABLE] SUBARU aspires toward sharing the happiness and freedom of living through cars
for everybody. As such, SUBARU is working to develop and increase the popularity
of welfare vehicles so that people with physical handicaps and the elderly can
travel by car in comfort and with peace of mind.
SUBARU started producing and selling welfare vehicles in 1980 and now they are
well known as the “TRANSCARE series.” It offers a wide range of options, from
standardized cars to mini cars. SUBARU aims to develop vehicles that provide
comfortable driving for both people who are in care and for care providers.
In FYE March 2021, we introduced Wing Seats with side airbags to the Forester.
SUBARU XV (with Wing Seat)
Going forward, we will continue to take action in a variety of areas so that we can
provide even more “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” to more of our customers.
TRANSCARE series (Japanese version only)
Forester (with Wing Seat)
Initiatives for Customers in the Aerospace Business
In the aerospace business, we continue to resolve issues with customers after product delivery in order to maintain the
continued operating condition of the aircraft we supply to the Japan Self-Defense Forces, Coast Guard, National Police
Agency, and others. We periodically visit customers and take questionnaires in order to confirm the effectiveness of this
initiative. The questionnaire covers items such as product quality, service, emergency response, and visitor response,
evaluated on a five-step scale. In this questionnaire, we received high ratings from the Japan Self-Defense Forces, Coast
Guard, and Metropolitan Police Department. Here, we are working to sincerely address customer opinions and further
improve their satisfaction.
Also, SUBARU’s maintenance staff involved in manufacturing visit the land, sea, and air units of the Japan Self-Defense Forces
that use our products. They exchange information on use and maintenance, develop a better understanding of the
operations, and communicate extensively, leading to the improvement of their work.
Going forward, we will move ahead with initiatives to understand customers’ requests in detail and to earn customer
satisfaction with SUBARU’s products and services through maintenance and operations.
Questionnaire Evaluation Results
(FYE March)
2019 2020 2021
Japan Self-Defense Forces 3.9 4.0 4.0
Coast Guard, Metropolitan Police Department, etc. 3.6 4.2 3.1
155 | SUBARU aspires toward sharing the happiness and freedom of living through cars
for everybody. As such, SUBARU is working to develop and increase the popularity
of welfare vehicles so that people with physical handicaps and the elderly can
travel by car in comfort and with peace of mind.
SUBARU started producing and selling welfare vehicles in 1980 and now they are
well known as the “TRANSCARE series.” It offers a wide range of options, from
standardized cars to mini cars. SUBARU aims to develop vehicles that provide
comfortable driving for both people who are in care and for care providers.
In FYE March 2021, we introduced Wing Seats with side airbags to the Forester.
SUBARU XV (with Wing Seat)
Going forward, we will continue to take action in a variety of areas so that we can
provide even more “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” to more of our customers.
TRANSCARE series (Japanese version only)
Forester (with Wing Seat)
Initiatives for Customers in the Aerospace Business
In the aerospace business, we continue to resolve issues with customers after product delivery in order to maintain the
continued operating condition of the aircraft we supply to the Japan Self-Defense Forces, Coast Guard, National Police
Agency, and others. We periodically visit customers and take questionnaires in order to confirm the effectiveness of this
initiative. The questionnaire covers items such as product quality, service, emergency response, and visitor response,
evaluated on a five-step scale. In this questionnaire, we received high ratings from the Japan Self-Defense Forces, Coast
Guard, and Metropolitan Police Department. Here, we are working to sincerely address customer opinions and further
improve their satisfaction.
Also, SUBARU’s maintenance staff involved in manufacturing visit the land, sea, and air units of the Japan Self-Defense Forces
that use our products. They exchange information on use and maintenance, develop a better understanding of the
operations, and communicate extensively, leading to the improvement of their work.
Going forward, we will move ahead with initiatives to understand customers’ requests in detail and to earn customer
satisfaction with SUBARU’s products and services through maintenance and operations.
Questionnaire Evaluation Results
(FYE March)
2019 2020 2021
Japan Self-Defense Forces 3.9 4.0 4.0
Coast Guard, Metropolitan Police Department, etc. 3.6 4.2 3.1
[TABLE] 2019 | 2020 | 2021
[TABLE] Japan Self-Defense Forces | 3.9 | 4.0 | 4.0
[TABLE] Coast Guard, Metropolitan Police Department, etc. | 3.6 | 4.2 | 3.1

[PAGE 156]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social Our Approach The SUBARU Group has established the Six Priority Areas for CSR and is promoting various initiatives for the realization of a sustainable society. Amid this, we believe that in order to resolve various environmental and social problems facing today’s global society, such as global warming and human rights violations, it is essential to take action not only on our own but across the entire supply chain, including at our suppliers. At the SUBARU Group, we establish relationships with our business partners based on equality, trust, mutual benefit, and dedication to continuous improvement, seeking the realization of a sustainable society. Fundamental Procurement Policy The SUBARU Group has been promoting activities for sustainable procurement under the following basic policy. 1. CSR Procurement We engage in procurement activities in a way to harmonize people, society and the environment, and carry out our corporate social responsibilities in such ways as conducting transactions paying due care to observe legal and social rules and to protect human rights and the environment. 2. Establish Best Partnership We establish “WIN-WIN” relationships with suppliers through transactions based on mutual trust under the doctrine of good faith. 3. Fair and Open Way of Selecting Suppliers In selecting suppliers, the door is wide-open to all firms, in Japan and overseas, for fair and equitable business to procure goods and services most excellent from seven perspectives: quality, cost, delivery, technical development, management, environment and society (QCDDMES). Revised in April 2020 M a n a g e m e n t S y s t e m A t SUBARU, t he procuremen t depa r tmen t s o f t he Au t omo t i ve Bus i nes s and Ae rospace Company pa r t i c i pa t e i n t he Purchas i ng Commi t t ee , wh i ch promo t es SUBARU ’ s CSR procuremen t i n i t i a t i ves . The ac t i on po l i c y o f t he Purchas i ng Commi t t ee i s t o f ac i l i t a t e f a i r procuremen t prac t i ces and encourage CSR a t supp l i e r s , t he reby he l p i ng t o ensure f a i r t rade be tween SUBARU and i t s bus i nes s pa r t ne r s and coope ra t i ve CSR - based procuremen t t hroughou t t he supp l y cha i n . We have a l so been promo t i ng CSR procuremen t on a g l oba l s ca l e i n co l l abora t i on wi t h Suba ru o f I nd i ana Au t omo t i ve , I nc . , our l oca l produc t i on p l an t i n t he U. S . CSR Procurement 156 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
CSR Procurement
[TABLE] CSR Procurement
[TABLE] Our Approach
The SUBARU Group has established the Six Priority Areas for CSR and is promoting various initiatives for the realization of a
sustainable society. Amid this, we believe that in order to resolve various environmental and social problems facing today’s
global society, such as global warming and human rights violations, it is essential to take action not only on our own but
across the entire supply chain, including at our suppliers.
At the SUBARU Group, we establish relationships with our business partners based on equality, trust, mutual benefit, and
dedication to continuous improvement, seeking the realization of a sustainable society.
Fundamental Procurement Policy
The SUBARU Group has been promoting activities for sustainable procurement under the following basic policy.
1. CSR Procurement
We engage in procurement activities in a way to harmonize people, society and the environment, and carry out our
corporate social responsibilities in such ways as conducting transactions paying due care to observe legal and
social rules and to protect human rights and the environment.
2. Establish Best Partnership
We establish “WIN-WIN” relationships with suppliers through transactions based on mutual trust under the doctrine
of good faith.
3. Fair and Open Way of Selecting Suppliers
In selecting suppliers, the door is wide-open to all firms, in Japan and overseas, for fair and equitable business to
procure goods and services most excellent from seven perspectives: quality, cost, delivery, technical development,
management, environment and society (QCDDMES).
Revised in April 2020
[TABLE] M(cid:32)a(cid:32)n(cid:32)a(cid:32)g(cid:32)e(cid:32)m(cid:32)e(cid:32)n(cid:32)t S(cid:32)y(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)m
A(cid:32)t SUBARU, t(cid:32)he procuremen(cid:32)t depa(cid:32)r(cid:32)tmen(cid:32)t(cid:32)s o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he Au(cid:32)t(cid:32)omo(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve Bus(cid:32)i(cid:32)nes(cid:32)s and Ae(cid:32)rospace Company pa(cid:32)r(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32)i(cid:32)pa(cid:32)t(cid:32)e i(cid:32)n t(cid:32)he Purchas(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng(cid:32)
Commi(cid:32)t(cid:32)t(cid:32)ee(cid:32), wh(cid:32)i(cid:32)ch promo(cid:32)t(cid:32)es SUBARU(cid:32)’(cid:32)s CSR procuremen(cid:32)t i(cid:32)n(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ves(cid:32).
The ac(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on po(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32)y o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he Purchas(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng Commi(cid:32)t(cid:32)t(cid:32)ee i(cid:32)s t(cid:32)o f(cid:32)ac(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)e f(cid:32)a(cid:32)i(cid:32)r procuremen(cid:32)t prac(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ces and encourage CSR a(cid:32)t supp(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)e(cid:32)r(cid:32)s(cid:32),(cid:32)
t(cid:32)he(cid:32)reby he(cid:32)l(cid:32)p(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)o ensure f(cid:32)a(cid:32)i(cid:32)r t(cid:32)rade be(cid:32)tween SUBARU and i(cid:32)t(cid:32)s bus(cid:32)i(cid:32)nes(cid:32)s pa(cid:32)r(cid:32)t(cid:32)ne(cid:32)r(cid:32)s and coope(cid:32)ra(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve CSR(cid:32)-(cid:32)based procuremen(cid:32)t(cid:32)
t(cid:32)hroughou(cid:32)t t(cid:32)he supp(cid:32)l(cid:32)y cha(cid:32)i(cid:32)n(cid:32). We have a(cid:32)l(cid:32)so been promo(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng CSR procuremen(cid:32)t on a g(cid:32)l(cid:32)oba(cid:32)l s(cid:32)ca(cid:32)l(cid:32)e i(cid:32)n co(cid:32)l(cid:32)l(cid:32)abora(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h Suba(cid:32)ru o(cid:32)f(cid:32)
I(cid:32)nd(cid:32)i(cid:32)ana Au(cid:32)t(cid:32)omo(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve(cid:32), I(cid:32)nc(cid:32).(cid:32), our l(cid:32)oca(cid:32)l produc(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on p(cid:32)l(cid:32)an(cid:32)t i(cid:32)n t(cid:32)he U.(cid:32)S(cid:32).
156

[PAGE 157]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines To promote SUBARU’s CSR procurement and help our suppliers conduct CSR activities, we created, and in FYE March 2012 began application of, the SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines. They are based on the CSR Guidelines for Suppliers of Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association, Inc. ( JAMA), and incorporate our CSR policy. In FYE March 2014, these guidelines were made company-wide, including all suppliers of the Aerospace Company, and in FYE March 2016, SUBARU revised the content to incorporate the non-use of raw materials that engender social problems, such as conflict minerals. In FYE March 2016, we also revised the guidelines in the form of a joint edition with Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc., confirming the integration of the procurement policy. We incorporated the SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy, Human Rights Policy, and Fundamental Procurement Policy (revised edition) in FYE March 2021. In FYE March 2023, we will also establish and publish the Responsible Mineral Procurement Policy. At SUBARU, compliance to these guidelines is one of the criteria of our supplier selection. I n i t i a t i v e s Promoting Fair Trade SUBARU maintains compliance with laws and regulations such as the Antimonopoly Act and the Act against Delay in Payment of Subcontract Proceeds, Etc. to Subcontractors. SUBARU also carries out fair trade promotion initiatives based on Automobile Industry Fair Trade Guidelines. As part of these efforts, SUBARU has set up a consultation service targeting suppliers in its supply chain. In 2020, we took the Partnership Formation Oath for the purpose of coexistence and prosperity of both large companies and SMEs. For employees, we provide legal and regulatory training and other programs for those in charge of procurement to elevate their understanding of proper business practices. Employee Training on Fair Trade in FYE March 2022 Automotive Business Aerospace Company Consultation service for promoting fair trade ( Japanese version only) Partnership Formation Oath ( Japanese version only) SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines Training for new recruits (8 employees) ・ Training for transferees (17 employees) ・ Comprehension tests for compliance (214 employees) ・ CSR education (228 employees) ・ Training for new recruits (1 employee) ・ Training for transferees (6 employees) ・ CSR education (87 employees) ・ *1 CSR Procurement Sys tem 157 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
CSR Procurement Sys(cid:32)tem
[TABLE] Initiatives
Promoting Fair Trade
SUBARU maintains compliance with laws and regulations such as the Antimonopoly Act and the Act against Delay in Payment
of Subcontract Proceeds, Etc. to Subcontractors. SUBARU also carries out fair trade promotion initiatives based on
Automobile Industry Fair Trade Guidelines. As part of these efforts, SUBARU has set up a consultation service targeting
suppliers in its supply chain. In 2020, we took the Partnership Formation Oath for the purpose of coexistence and prosperity
of both large companies and SMEs.
For employees, we provide legal and regulatory training and other programs for those in charge of procurement to elevate
their understanding of proper business practices.
Employee Training on Fair Trade in FYE March 2022
Automotive Business Aerospace Company
・Training for new recruits (8 employees) ・Training for new recruits (1 employee)
・Training for transferees (17 employees) ・Training for transferees (6 employees)
・Comprehension tests for compliance (214 employees) ・CSR education (87 employees)
・CSR education (228 employees)
Consultation service for promoting fair trade (Japanese version only)
Partnership Formation Oath (Japanese version only)
SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines
To promote SUBARU’s CSR procurement and help our suppliers conduct CSR activities, we
created, and in FYE March 2012 began application of, the SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines. They
are based on the CSR Guidelines for Suppliers of Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association,
Inc. (JAMA), and incorporate our CSR policy.
In FYE March 2014, these guidelines were made company-wide, including all suppliers of the
Aerospace Company, and in FYE March 2016, SUBARU revised the content to incorporate the
non-use of raw materials that engender social problems, such as conflict minerals.*1 In FYE
March 2016, we also revised the guidelines in the form of a joint edition with Subaru of Indiana
Automotive, Inc., confirming the integration of the procurement policy. We incorporated the
SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy, Human Rights Policy, and Fundamental Procurement Policy
(revised edition) in FYE March 2021. In FYE March 2023, we will also establish and publish the
Responsible Mineral Procurement Policy.
At SUBARU, compliance to these guidelines is one of the criteria of our supplier selection. SUBARU Supplier CSR
Guidelines
157

[PAGE 158]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social SUBARU asks not only our suppliers but also their suppliers as well to develop and promote CSR. *1 Conflict minerals: Minerals for which there is concern regarding participation in unjust acts, such as support for non-governmental armed groups, human rights violations, or illegal acts. In Dodd-Frank Act of the U.S., tin, tantalum, tungsten, and gold are specified as minerals for which there is concern that they may be a source of funding for armed groups in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and surrounding countries. SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines PDF/920KB Five Topics in the SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines SUBARU promotes our procurement activities based on the following basic approach. (1) Safety and Quality (2) Human Rights and Labor Issues (3) Environment (4) Compliance (5) Information Disclosure Business Partner CSR Briefing and CSR Survey At the Business Partner CSR Briefing, we present corporate policies such as the SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines in keeping with the OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Business Conduct. In our annual Business Partner CSR Survey, we assess negative impact on our business partners and work with them to correct any issues discovered. In FYE March 2022, we took the following actions with a scope of 598 automobile-related business partner companies (including 388 in parts and raw materials, and 210 in equipment and jig tools). Providing products and services that meet consumer and customer needs ・ Providing appropriate information concerning products and services ・ Ensuring safety of products and services ・ Ensuring quality of products and services ・ Striving to avoid discrimination ・ Respecting human rights ・ Prohibiting child labor ・ Prohibiting forced labor ・ Non-use of raw materials that engender social problems ・ Compliance with the law on remuneration ・ Compliance with the law on working hours ・ Practicing dialogue and consultation with employees ・ Ensuring a safe and healthy working environment ・ Providing human resource training ・ Implementing environmental management ・ Reducing greenhouse gas emissions ・ Preventing air, water, and soil pollution ・ Conservation of the ecosystem ・ Saving resources and reducing waste ・ Managing chemical substances ・ Compliance with laws ・ Compliance with competition laws ・ Preventing corruption ・ Managing and protecting confidential information ・ Managing export trading ・ Protecting intellectual property ・ Disclosing information to stakeholders ・ We held the Business Partner CSR Briefing online via video distribution to help prevent the spread of COVID-19. In this briefing, we presented the importance of promoting CSR, details about the SUBARU Group’s CSR activities, and made specific requests to business partners (such as compliance with the SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines). ・ We investigated business partners’ CSR systems, CSR initiatives for their suppliers, and compliance with the SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines, identifying two business partners with potential issues with compliance in their initiatives. Follow- up investigations were conducted with the two companies through interviews. These companies promised to make ・ 158 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
SUBARU asks not only our suppliers but also their suppliers as well to develop and promote
[TABLE] CSR.
*1 Conflict minerals: Minerals for which there is concern regarding participation in unjust acts, such as
support for non-governmental armed groups, human rights violations, or illegal acts. In Dodd-Frank
Act of the U.S., tin, tantalum, tungsten, and gold are specified as minerals for which there is concern
that they may be a source of funding for armed groups in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and
surrounding countries.
SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines PDF/920KB
Five Topics in the SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines
SUBARU promotes our procurement activities based on the following basic approach.
(1) Safety and Quality (2) Human Rights and Labor (3) Environment
Issues
・Providing products and services ・Implementing environmental
that meet consumer and ・Striving to ・Compliance management
customer needs avoid with the law ・Reducing greenhouse gas
・Providing appropriate discrimination on working emissions
information concerning ・Respecting hours ・Preventing air, water, and soil
products and services human rights ・Practicing pollution
・Ensuring safety of products and ・Prohibiting dialogue and ・Conservation of the ecosystem
services child labor consultation ・Saving resources and reducing
with
・Ensuring quality of products ・Prohibiting waste
and services forced labor employees ・Managing chemical substances
・Ensuring a
・Non-use of
safe and
raw materials
healthy
that
working
engender
environment
social
problems ・Providing
human
・Compliance
resource
with the law
training
on
remuneration
(5) Information Disclosure
(4) Compliance
・Disclosing information to
・Compliance with laws
stakeholders
・Compliance with competition
laws
・Preventing corruption
・Managing and protecting
confidential information
・Managing export trading
・Protecting intellectual property
Business Partner CSR Briefing and CSR Survey
At the Business Partner CSR Briefing, we present corporate policies such as the SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines in keeping
with the OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Business Conduct. In our annual Business Partner CSR Survey, we
assess negative impact on our business partners and work with them to correct any issues discovered.
In FYE March 2022, we took the following actions with a scope of 598 automobile-related business partner companies
(including 388 in parts and raw materials, and 210 in equipment and jig tools).
・We held the Business Partner CSR Briefing online via video distribution to help prevent the spread of COVID-19. In this
briefing, we presented the importance of promoting CSR, details about the SUBARU Group’s CSR activities, and made
specific requests to business partners (such as compliance with the SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines).
・We investigated business partners’ CSR systems, CSR initiatives for their suppliers, and compliance with the SUBARU
Supplier CSR Guidelines, identifying two business partners with potential issues with compliance in their initiatives. Follow-
up investigations were conducted with the two companies through interviews. These companies promised to make
158

[PAGE 159]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social We will continue to conduct these initiatives in FYE March 2023 and beyond, potentially conducting on-site audits of our business partners while taking into consideration the state of the spread of COVID-19. Consultation Service for Non-Japanese Workers In addition to our existing consultation service for promoting fair trade, we are newly participating in the Japan Platform for Migrant Workers towards Responsible and Inclusive Society ( JP-MIRAI) Consultation and Relief Pilot Project for Migrant Workers, and are striving to establish a consultation service for foreign workers in the supply chain in Japan. JP-MIRAI Responsible Mineral Procurement The SUBARU Group has no intention of colluding in the infringement of human rights and environmental destruction by procuring and using conflict minerals. In FYE March 2022, we expanded the scope of our conflict mineral survey from 210 suppliers of components and materials, limited to certain vehicle models, to 361 suppliers of automotive components and materials for all models produced during the survey period. We also conducted a cobalt survey for some of our business partners in FYE March 2022. We will work to roll out surveys regarding minerals other than these conflict minerals (tin, tantalum, tungsten, and gold). Going forward, SUBARU’s policy is to work toward “No use of materials engendering social problems” in partnership with our customers and suppliers as our social responsibility in procurement activities. As one of our efforts, we have now codified our Responsible Mineral Procurement Policy as follows. Responsible Mineral Procurement Policy Established in May 2022 improvements before the continuation of the investigation in the next fiscal year. The above results were referenced in supplier selection. We investigated business partners regarding non-Japanese employees and identified three suppliers with potential issues. Follow-up investigations were conducted with the three companies through interviews. In all cases, the conclusion was that there were no issues with treatment regarding non-Japanese worker human rights and labor. ・ In FYE March 2022, we conducted new investigations on human rights initiatives, including for any human rights due diligence (DD) conducted either internally or within the supply chain, risk content (country, region, ethnicity, company name, specific information, etc.) in cases where DD is conducted and risks are identified, and the results of responses to these risks. In our FYE March 2022 investigations, we found no issues among our business partners. ・ The SUBARU Group aims for non-use of raw materials that engender social problems, such as infringement of human rights and environmental destruction. ・ We will clearly state this approach in the SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines and request that those in our supply chain comply with these. ・ As one of our initiatives, we will conduct an annual conflict minerals survey targeting the direct material supply chain. ・ In this survey, we referenced the OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from Conflict-Affected and High-Risk Areas, using the Conflict Minerals Reporting Template (CMRT), a questionnaire provided by the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI), and other information. We used this to trace through the supply chain and identify smelters, working to avoid procuring raw materials from smelters that are linked to the infringement of human rights or sources of funding for armed groups in conflict and high-risk areas, such as countries around the Democratic Republic of the Congo. ・ In addition, for minerals other than conflict minerals (tin, tantalum, tungsten, and gold) such as cobalt, for which child labor is a concern in some mining, we will use the Extended Minerals Reporting Template (EMRT) questionnaire provided by the RMI, as well as other tools, to conduct due diligence. If any problems are found, we will take necessary corrective measures. ・ In our activities, we will cooperate with our customers, business partners, industry bodies, and other stakeholders, and strive to disclose information. ・ 159 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
improvements before the continuation of the investigation in the next fiscal year. The above results were referenced in
[TABLE] supplier selection.
・We investigated business partners regarding non-Japanese employees and identified three suppliers with potential issues.
Follow-up investigations were conducted with the three companies through interviews. In all cases, the conclusion was that
there were no issues with treatment regarding non-Japanese worker human rights and labor.
・In FYE March 2022, we conducted new investigations on human rights initiatives, including for any human rights due
diligence (DD) conducted either internally or within the supply chain, risk content (country, region, ethnicity, company
name, specific information, etc.) in cases where DD is conducted and risks are identified, and the results of responses to
these risks. In our FYE March 2022 investigations, we found no issues among our business partners.
We will continue to conduct these initiatives in FYE March 2023 and beyond, potentially conducting on-site audits of our
business partners while taking into consideration the state of the spread of COVID-19.
Consultation Service for Non-Japanese Workers
In addition to our existing consultation service for promoting fair trade, we are newly participating in the Japan Platform for
Migrant Workers towards Responsible and Inclusive Society (JP-MIRAI) Consultation and Relief Pilot Project for Migrant
Workers, and are striving to establish a consultation service for foreign workers in the supply chain in Japan.
JP-MIRAI
Responsible Mineral Procurement
The SUBARU Group has no intention of colluding in the infringement of human rights and environmental destruction by
procuring and using conflict minerals. In FYE March 2022, we expanded the scope of our conflict mineral survey from 210
suppliers of components and materials, limited to certain vehicle models, to 361 suppliers of automotive components and
materials for all models produced during the survey period. We also conducted a cobalt survey for some of our business
partners in FYE March 2022. We will work to roll out surveys regarding minerals other than these conflict minerals (tin,
tantalum, tungsten, and gold).
Going forward, SUBARU’s policy is to work toward “No use of materials engendering social problems” in partnership with our
customers and suppliers as our social responsibility in procurement activities. As one of our efforts, we have now codified
our Responsible Mineral Procurement Policy as follows.
Responsible Mineral Procurement Policy
・The SUBARU Group aims for non-use of raw materials that engender social problems, such as infringement of
human rights and environmental destruction.
・We will clearly state this approach in the SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines and request that those in our supply
chain comply with these.
・As one of our initiatives, we will conduct an annual conflict minerals survey targeting the direct material supply
chain.
・In this survey, we referenced the OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from
Conflict-Affected and High-Risk Areas, using the Conflict Minerals Reporting Template (CMRT), a questionnaire
provided by the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI), and other information. We used this to trace through the
supply chain and identify smelters, working to avoid procuring raw materials from smelters that are linked to the
infringement of human rights or sources of funding for armed groups in conflict and high-risk areas, such as
countries around the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
・In addition, for minerals other than conflict minerals (tin, tantalum, tungsten, and gold) such as cobalt, for which
child labor is a concern in some mining, we will use the Extended Minerals Reporting Template (EMRT)
questionnaire provided by the RMI, as well as other tools, to conduct due diligence. If any problems are found, we
will take necessary corrective measures.
・In our activities, we will cooperate with our customers, business partners, industry bodies, and other stakeholders,
and strive to disclose information.
Established in May 2022
159

[PAGE 160]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social The SUBARU environmental policies state that “Our purchasing activities reflect consideration for biodiversity and other aspects of environmental protection.” We promote the procurement of parts, materials, and services from business partners who implement business activities that consider the environment. In addition, SUBARU has expressed in the SUBARU Green Procurement Guidelines its expectations for business partners regarding environmental initiatives. The guidelines primarily request cooperation in the following 10 areas: Requirements for Suppliers Requirements concerning Suppliers’ Environmental Management Requirements for Activities Considering the Entire Life Cycle Requirements for Parts, Materials, and Services Supplied to SUBARU Compliance to these guidelines is considered a necessary criterion for selecting business partners, and we recommend new business partners to formulate an EMS with the acquisition of ISO 14001 third-party certification at its base. Currently, all of our Tier 1 business partners have already acquired ISO 14001 certification. In case our new business partners have difficulty acquiring ISO 14001, we review their compliance status by having them submit voluntary assessment reports based on our EMS, while supporting them with the acquisition of Eco Action 21 . To those business partners who have passed our voluntary examination, SUBARU makes inquiries or performs audits as necessary and requests them to continue efforts toward early acquisition of third-party certification for environmental management. *2 International standard for environmental management systems (EMS) established by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO). It is a management system standard to certify that an organization considers the environment and has built a system for continuously reducing environmental impact. *3 Companies that directly supply parts to car manufacturers. They are primary business partners. Tier 2 business partners are companies that supply Tier 1 with those parts that make up the Tier 1 company parts. *4 Environmental conservation activity promotion program for SMEs formulated by Japan’s Ministry of the Environment that addresses three areas: environmental management systems, environmental efforts, and environmental reporting, based on the guidelines. SUBARU Green Procurement Guidelines PDF/1,215KB Green Procurement Guidelines Aerospace Company Edition PDF/837KB *5 The SUBARU Green Procurement Guidelines and the Green Procurement Guidelines Aerospace Company Edition are concrete forms of topic “(3) Environment” in the SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines. Management and Reduction of Environmentally Hazardous Substances Contained in Parts SUBARU complies with laws and regulations concerning substances of concern in each country, including the REACH regulation and ELV Directive . We perform usage surveys regarding chemical substances contained in parts to our business partners as necessary and continue to perform management of those substances. In addition, we are sequentially switching from materials that are prohibited by laws, regulations, or self-regulations such as industrial norms to alternative materials, and are working to reduce environmentally hazardous substances. In addressing the REACH regulation, we disclose information about substances of very high concern (candidate substances for regulation) on our homepage for users of SUBARU vehicles in Europe. *6 REACH regulation: European regulation on chemical substances requiring all chemical substances to be subject to management or restriction measures commensurate to the risk that they pose to humans and the environment. *7 The End-of-Life Vehicles (ELV) Directive: European Union (EU) directive brought into force in 2000 to reduce the environmental impact from the scrapping of end-of-life vehicles in the EU. It aims to prohibit the use of hazardous substances and promote a reduction in waste products by encouraging the reuse or recycling of used vehicles and their parts. Compliance with environmental laws and regulations 1. Establishment of environmental management system (EMS) 2. Submission of Environment Manager registration forms 3. Improved environmental performance 4. Reduction of greenhouse gases 5. Utilization of recycled resource materials 6. Appropriate management of water resources 7. Addressing biodiversity 8. Management of substances of concern 9. Reduction of CO emissions and packaging and wrapping materials in logistics 10. 2 *2 *3 *4 *5 *5 *6 *7 Green Procurement Guidelines 160 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Green Procurement Guidelines
[TABLE] The SUBARU environmental policies state that “Our purchasing activities reflect consideration for biodiversity and other
aspects of environmental protection.” We promote the procurement of parts, materials, and services from business partners
who implement business activities that consider the environment. In addition, SUBARU has expressed in the SUBARU Green
Procurement Guidelines its expectations for business partners regarding environmental initiatives. The guidelines primarily
request cooperation in the following 10 areas:
Requirements for Suppliers
Requirements concerning Suppliers’ Environmental Management
1. Compliance with environmental laws and regulations
2. Establishment of environmental management system (EMS)
3. Submission of Environment Manager registration forms
4. Improved environmental performance
Requirements for Activities Considering the Entire Life Cycle
5. Reduction of greenhouse gases
6. Utilization of recycled resource materials
7. Appropriate management of water resources
8. Addressing biodiversity
Requirements for Parts, Materials, and Services Supplied to SUBARU
9. Management of substances of concern
10.Reduction of CO2 emissions and packaging and wrapping materials in logistics
Compliance to these guidelines is considered a necessary criterion for selecting business partners, and we recommend new
business partners to formulate an EMS with the acquisition of ISO 14001*2 third-party certification at its base. Currently, all
of our Tier 1*3 business partners have already acquired ISO 14001 certification. In case our new business partners have
difficulty acquiring ISO 14001, we review their compliance status by having them submit voluntary assessment reports based
on our EMS, while supporting them with the acquisition of Eco Action 21*4.
To those business partners who have passed our voluntary examination, SUBARU makes inquiries or performs audits as
necessary and requests them to continue efforts toward early acquisition of third-party certification for environmental
management.
*2 International standard for environmental management systems (EMS) established by the International Organization for Standardization
(ISO). It is a management system standard to certify that an organization considers the environment and has built a system for
continuously reducing environmental impact.
*3 Companies that directly supply parts to car manufacturers. They are primary business partners. Tier 2 business partners are companies
that supply Tier 1 with those parts that make up the Tier 1 company parts.
*4 Environmental conservation activity promotion program for SMEs formulated by Japan’s Ministry of the Environment that addresses three
areas: environmental management systems, environmental efforts, and environmental reporting, based on the guidelines.
SUBARU Green Procurement Guidelines*5 PDF/1,215KB
Green Procurement Guidelines Aerospace Company Edition*5 PDF/837KB
*5 The SUBARU Green Procurement Guidelines and the Green Procurement Guidelines Aerospace Company Edition are concrete forms of
topic “(3) Environment” in the SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines.
Management and Reduction of Environmentally Hazardous Substances Contained in Parts
SUBARU complies with laws and regulations concerning substances of concern in each country, including the REACH
regulation*6 and ELV Directive*7. We perform usage surveys regarding chemical substances contained in parts to our business
partners as necessary and continue to perform management of those substances. In addition, we are sequentially switching
from materials that are prohibited by laws, regulations, or self-regulations such as industrial norms to alternative materials,
and are working to reduce environmentally hazardous substances.
In addressing the REACH regulation, we disclose information about substances of very high concern (candidate substances
for regulation) on our homepage for users of SUBARU vehicles in Europe.
*6 REACH regulation: European regulation on chemical substances requiring all chemical substances to be subject to management or
restriction measures commensurate to the risk that they pose to humans and the environment.
*7 The End-of-Life Vehicles (ELV) Directive: European Union (EU) directive brought into force in 2000 to reduce the environmental impact
from the scrapping of end-of-life vehicles in the EU. It aims to prohibit the use of hazardous substances and promote a reduction in
waste products by encouraging the reuse or recycling of used vehicles and their parts.
160

[PAGE 161]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social In our Automotive Business, we had been hosting Policy Briefings every spring to share policies on development, quality, procurement, and production with our business partners. However, in FYE March 2022 these briefings were held online in light of the spread of COVID- 19. We also maximally leveraged online methods for other events, such as pre-recorded videos and live streaming. This was a year of exploring new ways of communicating with our business partners in keeping with the times while maintaining customer safety as our highest priority. Going forward, we will bring new forms of information exchange in collaboration with the Cooperation Meeting, with the premise of adapting to such environmental changes. The Aerospace Company held the SUBARU Status Report Meeting with business partners in May and November 2021, followed by the 80 Business Partner and Company President Web Dialogue in January and February 2022. Policy Briefing and General Cooperation Meeting (joint) held with Automotive Business Unit business partners SUBARU Status Report Meeting held with Aerospace Company business partners SUBARU surveys the use of biological resources, including cowhide and plant-derived materials, to ensure no negative impact on the ecosystem during procurement of raw materials. In FYE March 2022, we conducted an online interview-based verification survey of one cowhide fabric manufacturer and one tire manufacturer. SUBARU also uses copy paper made from 100% recycled paper pulp that is not from new plant resources, and has switched to Forest Stewardship Council (FSC)-certified paper for envelopes used to mail paper payment guides. Furthermore, as part of our efforts to go paperless, in addition to providing payment guides for our business partners online, we are sequentially terminating paper output of system forms used in operations for maintenance parts and vehicle accessories as of January 2022. By developing a system for digitization in some functions, we are aiming for zero paper output from January 2023 onward. Our dealerships in the U.S. have also introduced paperless systems starting in November 2021, which is expected to save more than 7,000 sheets of paper per year. Communication with Suppliers Procurement with Consideration for Biodiversity 161 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Procurement with Consideration for Biodiversity
[TABLE] SUBARU surveys the use of biological resources, including cowhide and plant-derived materials, to ensure no negative impact
on the ecosystem during procurement of raw materials. In FYE March 2022, we conducted an online interview-based
verification survey of one cowhide fabric manufacturer and one tire manufacturer.
SUBARU also uses copy paper made from 100% recycled paper pulp that is not from new plant resources, and has switched to
Forest Stewardship Council (FSC)-certified paper for envelopes used to mail paper payment guides. Furthermore, as part of
our efforts to go paperless, in addition to providing payment guides for our business partners online, we are sequentially
terminating paper output of system forms used in operations for maintenance parts and vehicle accessories as of January
2022. By developing a system for digitization in some functions, we are aiming for zero paper output from January 2023
onward.
Our dealerships in the U.S. have also introduced paperless systems starting in November 2021, which is expected to save
more than 7,000 sheets of paper per year.
Communication with Suppliers
In our Automotive Business, we had been hosting Policy Briefings
every spring to share policies on development, quality, procurement,
and production with our business partners. However, in FYE March
2022 these briefings were held online in light of the spread of COVID-
19.We also maximally leveraged online methods for other events,
such as pre-recorded videos and live streaming. This was a year of
exploring new ways of communicating with our business partners in
keeping with the times while maintaining customer safety as our
highest priority. Going forward, we will bring new forms of
information exchange in collaboration with the Cooperation Meeting, Policy Briefing and General Cooperation Meeting (joint) held
with Automotive Business Unit business partners
with the premise of adapting to such environmental changes.
The Aerospace Company held the SUBARU Status Report Meeting with
business partners in May and November 2021, followed by the 80
Business Partner and Company President Web Dialogue in January and
February 2022.
SUBARU Status Report
Meeting held with Aerospace
Company business partners
161 | SUBARU surveys the use of biological resources, including cowhide and plant-derived materials, to ensure no negative impact
on the ecosystem during procurement of raw materials. In FYE March 2022, we conducted an online interview-based
verification survey of one cowhide fabric manufacturer and one tire manufacturer.
SUBARU also uses copy paper made from 100% recycled paper pulp that is not from new plant resources, and has switched to
Forest Stewardship Council (FSC)-certified paper for envelopes used to mail paper payment guides. Furthermore, as part of
our efforts to go paperless, in addition to providing payment guides for our business partners online, we are sequentially
terminating paper output of system forms used in operations for maintenance parts and vehicle accessories as of January
2022. By developing a system for digitization in some functions, we are aiming for zero paper output from January 2023
onward.
Our dealerships in the U.S. have also introduced paperless systems starting in November 2021, which is expected to save
more than 7,000 sheets of paper per year.
Communication with Suppliers
In our Automotive Business, we had been hosting Policy Briefings
every spring to share policies on development, quality, procurement,
and production with our business partners. However, in FYE March
2022 these briefings were held online in light of the spread of COVID-
19.We also maximally leveraged online methods for other events,
such as pre-recorded videos and live streaming. This was a year of
exploring new ways of communicating with our business partners in
keeping with the times while maintaining customer safety as our
highest priority. Going forward, we will bring new forms of
information exchange in collaboration with the Cooperation Meeting, Policy Briefing and General Cooperation Meeting (joint) held
with Automotive Business Unit business partners
with the premise of adapting to such environmental changes.
The Aerospace Company held the SUBARU Status Report Meeting with
business partners in May and November 2021, followed by the 80
Business Partner and Company President Web Dialogue in January and
February 2022.
SUBARU Status Report
Meeting held with Aerospace
Company business partners

[PAGE 162]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social Our Approach The SUBARU Group has developed its social contribution policy in the hope of ingraining the practice of social contribution into corporate culture and to foster sincere commitment to such practice. In accordance with the policy, we promote social contribution activities in the four fields—activity in the community, environment, road traffic safety, and sports and culture— which we have selected as befitting a socially responsible transportation equipment manufacturer. In FYE March 2020, we established a community engagement Vision for 2025, in addition to a set of 2025 visions for the Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR. Aiming at this vision, we will pursue social contribution initiatives based on the decision to become a company “delivering happiness to all,” as described in the mid-term management vision “STEP.” Social Contribution Policy 1. We contribute to the development of science and technology and automobile culture and to the promotion of road safety. 2. We contribute to the fostering of human resources who understand the pleasure, importance and preciousness of creative manufacturing. 3. We contribute to the development of the communities in which we operate. 4. We support each other in contributing to society as good citizens. Established in March 2005 The Four Fields of Community Engagement Initiatives Vision for 2025 1. The background and reasons that the four fields were selected for social contribution initiatives are fully understood and ingrained across the SUBARU Group. 2. The SUBARU Group is developing activities in consideration of the four fields. 3. The SUBARU Group’s entire workforce is fully aware of the importance of community engagement. Community Engagement 162 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Community Engagement
[TABLE] Community Engagement
[TABLE] Our Approach
The SUBARU Group has developed its social contribution policy in the hope of ingraining the practice of social contribution
into corporate culture and to foster sincere commitment to such practice. In accordance with the policy, we promote social
contribution activities in the four fields—activity in the community, environment, road traffic safety, and sports and culture—
which we have selected as befitting a socially responsible transportation equipment manufacturer.
In FYE March 2020, we established a community engagement Vision for 2025, in addition to a set of 2025 visions for the
Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR. Aiming at this vision, we will pursue social contribution initiatives based on the decision to
become a company “delivering happiness to all,” as described in the mid-term management vision “STEP.”
Social Contribution Policy
1. We contribute to the development of science and technology and automobile culture and to the promotion of road
safety.
2. We contribute to the fostering of human resources who understand the pleasure, importance and preciousness of
creative manufacturing.
3. We contribute to the development of the communities in which we operate.
4. We support each other in contributing to society as good citizens.
Established in March 2005
The Four Fields of Community Engagement Initiatives
Vision for 2025
1. The background and reasons that the four fields were selected for social contribution initiatives are fully
understood and ingrained across the SUBARU Group.
2. The SUBARU Group is developing activities in consideration of the four fields.
3. The SUBARU Group’s entire workforce is fully aware of the importance of community engagement.
162

[PAGE 163]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social SUBARU has established the Social Contribution Committee to actively promote and continue community engagement activities that make use of our technology and expertise. With participation of business site directors, the committee works to advance community engagement initiatives. Under the committee, the cross-organizational Planning Subcommittee has been created to discuss issues related to company-wide activities, ranging from planning and preparation to implementation, evaluation, and review. The committee meets every six months to compile reported activity results and issues, and discuss improvement plans to invigorate efforts. Social Contribution Committee meeting M anagement System Social Contribution Committee: Organization chart * Renamed in FYE March 2022 from the CSR Committee. Initiatives Activity in the Community: in Japan Communi cat ion wi th Local Res idents (Gunma Plant , Utsunomi ya Plant ) SUBARU s t r i ves t o commun i ca t e wi t h peop l e l i v i ng i n d i s t r i c t s whe re i t s o f f i ces , p l an t s , and company hous i ng f ac i l i t i es a re l oca t ed , a imi ng t o become a corpora t e c i t i zen open t o t he commun i t y. At t he Gunma P l an t , we send represen t a t i ves t o t own counc i l membe r homes eve r y mon t h t o exchange i n f orma t i on and exp l a i n t he Company ’ s cur ren t s i t ua t i on and i t s env i ronmen t a l ac t i v i t i es . Our annua l f ac t or y t our s f or l oca l res i den t s we re cance l ed i n FYE Ma rch 2022 t o he l p preven t t he spread o f COV ID- 19 . I n t he even t o f po t en t i a l no i se or v i bra t i on caused by cons t ruc t i on wor k , we wor k t o make ne i ghbor s awa re o f t he s i t ua t i on i n advance , v i s i t i ng t he i r homes t o prov i de exp l ana t i ons and i s su i ng pos t i ngs i n t he a rea . We a l so make regu l a r v i s i t s dur i ng t he cons t ruc t i on pe r i od and check up on t he s i t ua t i on . The Ut sunomi ya P l an t organ i zes commun i t y even t s i n a b i d t o i nc rease commun i ca t i on wi t h l oca l res i den t s . I n add i t i on , when conduc t i ng cons t ruc t i on wor k t ha t may gene ra t e no i se and v i bra t i on , we v i s i t t he re l evan t commun i t y as soc i a t i ons i n advance t o exp l a i n and ask f or unde r s t and i ng f rom l oca l res i den t s . We a l so d i s t r i bu t e re l a t ed i n f orma t i on d i rec t l y, as appropr i a t e , t o t he i nd i v i dua l househo l ds conce rned . 163 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
[TABLE] Management System
SUBARU has established the Social Contribution Committee to actively promote and
continue community engagement activities that make use of our technology and
expertise. With participation of business site directors, the committee works to advance
community engagement initiatives. Under the committee, the cross-organizational
Planning Subcommittee has been created to discuss issues related to company-wide
activities, ranging from planning and preparation to implementation, evaluation, and
review. The committee meets every six months to compile reported activity results and
issues, and discuss improvement plans to invigorate efforts. Social Contribution Committee
meeting
Social Contribution Committee: Organization chart
* Renamed in FYE March 2022 from the CSR Committee.
[TABLE] Initiatives
Activity in the Community: in Japan
Communi(cid:32)cat(cid:32)ion wi(cid:32)th Local Res(cid:32)idents (Gunma Plant(cid:32), Utsunomi(cid:32)ya Plant(cid:32))
SUBARU s(cid:32)t(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)ves t(cid:32)o commun(cid:32)i(cid:32)ca(cid:32)t(cid:32)e wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h peop(cid:32)l(cid:32)e l(cid:32)i(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng i(cid:32)n d(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32)t(cid:32)s whe(cid:32)re i(cid:32)t(cid:32)s o(cid:32)f(cid:32)f(cid:32)i(cid:32)ces(cid:32), p(cid:32)l(cid:32)an(cid:32)t(cid:32)s(cid:32), and company hous(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng f(cid:32)ac(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es a(cid:32)re(cid:32)
l(cid:32)oca(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed(cid:32), a(cid:32)imi(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)o become a corpora(cid:32)t(cid:32)e c(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)zen open t(cid:32)o t(cid:32)he commun(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)y.
At t(cid:32)he Gunma P(cid:32)l(cid:32)an(cid:32)t(cid:32), we send represen(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ves t(cid:32)o t(cid:32)own counc(cid:32)i(cid:32)l membe(cid:32)r homes eve(cid:32)r(cid:32)y mon(cid:32)t(cid:32)h t(cid:32)o exchange i(cid:32)n(cid:32)f(cid:32)orma(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on and(cid:32)
exp(cid:32)l(cid:32)a(cid:32)i(cid:32)n t(cid:32)he Company(cid:32)’(cid:32)s cur(cid:32)ren(cid:32)t s(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)ua(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on and i(cid:32)t(cid:32)s env(cid:32)i(cid:32)ronmen(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)l ac(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es(cid:32). Our annua(cid:32)l f(cid:32)ac(cid:32)t(cid:32)or(cid:32)y t(cid:32)our(cid:32)s f(cid:32)or l(cid:32)oca(cid:32)l res(cid:32)i(cid:32)den(cid:32)t(cid:32)s we(cid:32)re(cid:32)
cance(cid:32)l(cid:32)ed i(cid:32)n FYE Ma(cid:32)rch 2022 t(cid:32)o he(cid:32)l(cid:32)p preven(cid:32)t t(cid:32)he spread o(cid:32)f COV(cid:32)ID-(cid:32)19(cid:32). I(cid:32)n t(cid:32)he even(cid:32)t o(cid:32)f po(cid:32)t(cid:32)en(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)l no(cid:32)i(cid:32)se or v(cid:32)i(cid:32)bra(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on caused by(cid:32)
cons(cid:32)t(cid:32)ruc(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on wor(cid:32)k(cid:32), we wor(cid:32)k t(cid:32)o make ne(cid:32)i(cid:32)ghbor(cid:32)s awa(cid:32)re o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he s(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)ua(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on i(cid:32)n advance(cid:32), v(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)he(cid:32)i(cid:32)r homes t(cid:32)o prov(cid:32)i(cid:32)de exp(cid:32)l(cid:32)ana(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons(cid:32)
and i(cid:32)s(cid:32)su(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng pos(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ngs i(cid:32)n t(cid:32)he a(cid:32)rea(cid:32). We a(cid:32)l(cid:32)so make regu(cid:32)l(cid:32)a(cid:32)r v(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)s dur(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)he cons(cid:32)t(cid:32)ruc(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on pe(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)od and check up on t(cid:32)he s(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)ua(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on(cid:32).
The Ut(cid:32)sunomi(cid:32)ya P(cid:32)l(cid:32)an(cid:32)t organ(cid:32)i(cid:32)zes commun(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)y even(cid:32)t(cid:32)s i(cid:32)n a b(cid:32)i(cid:32)d t(cid:32)o i(cid:32)nc(cid:32)rease commun(cid:32)i(cid:32)ca(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h l(cid:32)oca(cid:32)l res(cid:32)i(cid:32)den(cid:32)t(cid:32)s(cid:32). I(cid:32)n add(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on(cid:32), when(cid:32)
conduc(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng cons(cid:32)t(cid:32)ruc(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on wor(cid:32)k t(cid:32)ha(cid:32)t may gene(cid:32)ra(cid:32)t(cid:32)e no(cid:32)i(cid:32)se and v(cid:32)i(cid:32)bra(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on(cid:32), we v(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)t t(cid:32)he re(cid:32)l(cid:32)evan(cid:32)t commun(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)y as(cid:32)soc(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons i(cid:32)n advance(cid:32)
t(cid:32)o exp(cid:32)l(cid:32)a(cid:32)i(cid:32)n and ask f(cid:32)or unde(cid:32)r(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)and(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng f(cid:32)rom l(cid:32)oca(cid:32)l res(cid:32)i(cid:32)den(cid:32)t(cid:32)s(cid:32). We a(cid:32)l(cid:32)so d(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)bu(cid:32)t(cid:32)e re(cid:32)l(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed i(cid:32)n(cid:32)f(cid:32)orma(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on d(cid:32)i(cid:32)rec(cid:32)t(cid:32)l(cid:32)y, as appropr(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32), t(cid:32)o(cid:32)
t(cid:32)he i(cid:32)nd(cid:32)i(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)dua(cid:32)l househo(cid:32)l(cid:32)ds conce(cid:32)rned(cid:32).
163

[PAGE 164]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social Instructor Dispatch As part of its community engagement initiatives, SUBARU carries out cleanup activities on a regular basis in districts where its offices and plants are located. In FYE March 2022, these events were either canceled or reduced in scope; events held were given the utmost consideration for prevention of the spread of COVID-19. At the Utsunomiya Plant, we continued our previous fiscal year’s activities, picking up garbage and conducting cleanup activities at the employee dormitory and surrounding areas. As a responsible community member, we will continue with these beautification activities to help conserve local environments. Employees engaged in cleanup activities (Utsunomiya Plant) In March 2021, the Utsunomiya Plant registered for Tochigi Prefecture’s Tochigi SDGs Promotion Company Registration System. In this system, the prefectural government maintains a registry of declarations made by companies doing business in the prefecture on the topics of the environment, society, and economy. This system is designed to promote independent company actions toward the achievement of the SDGs. Going forward, we will be proactive in our actions here, linking growth at our business sites with growth of the region. Gunma Plant The Gunma Plant welcomes general visitors to factory tours, and also hosts elementary school field trip programs. In FYE March 2022, although we once again suspended new applications for factory tours as a countermeasure against COVID-19, we conducted online factory tours. In the 469 sessions held, a total of 30,169 children participated from elementary schools primarily in the Kanto region as well as Hokkaido and Fukuoka. At each school, children were able to learn about SUBARU’s automotive manufacturing through videos. These videos offered a view into our processes they could not get from an in- person tour, earning praise from teachers. Online factory tour Ut sunomi ya P l ant We pa r t i c i pa t e i n t he Town Exp l ora t i on program conduc t ed by ne i ghbor i ng e l emen t a r y s choo l s as pa r t o f t he i r soc i a l s t ud i es cur r i cu l um, hos t i ng approx ima t e l y 15 s t uden t s each yea r. The program c rea t es oppor t un i t i es f or ch i l dren t o grow t he i r i n t e res t i n soc i e t y by t a l k i ng t o t hem abou t a i rc ra f t dur i ng a t our o f our exh i b i t i on mode l s , as we l l as by i n t roduc i ng t he p l an t ’ s env i ronmen t a l i n i t i a t i ves , such as t he promo t i on o f rec y c l i ng and t echno l og i es f or f ue l - e f f i c i en t manu f ac t ur i ng . A l t hough we suspended pa r t i c i pa t i on i n FYE Ma rch 2021 and FYE Ma rch 2022 i n t he i n t e res t o f preven t i ng t he spread o f COV ID- 19 , we p l an t o resume pa r t i c i pa t i on i n FYE Ma rch 2023 . Support for the Instructor Di spatch Project (Utsunomi ya Plant ) I n suppor t o f t he 2021 I ns t ruc t or D i spa t ch Pro j ec t sponsored by t he Toch i g i As soc i a t i on o f Corpora t e Execu t i ves , Sen i or V i ce Pres i den t Tozuka was d i spa t ched as an i ns t ruc t or t o a l oca l s choo l , Ut sunomi ya C i t y Younan J un i or H i gh Schoo l . I n h i s l ec t ures , he i n t roduced t he p l an t ’ s bus i nes s ac t i v i t i es t o s t uden t s enro l l ed a t t he s choo l , and a l so d i s cus sed impor t an t po i n t s f or t he wor k t hey do t he re . Advancing the SDGs Alongside Communities (Utsunomiya Plant) Registration Logo for Tochigi SDGs Promotion Companies Factory tour leaf let Communi ty Cleanup Act i v i t ies (Gunma Plant , Tokyo Of f i ce, Utsunomi ya Plant ) Factory Tours (Gunma Plant , Utsunomi ya Plant ) 164 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Factory Tours (Gunma Plant(cid:32), Utsunomi(cid:32)ya Plant(cid:32))
[TABLE] Gunma Plant
The Gunma Plant welcomes general visitors to factory tours, and also hosts elementary school field trip programs. In FYE
March 2022, although we once again suspended new applications for factory tours as a countermeasure against COVID-19, we
conducted online factory tours. In the 469 sessions held, a total of 30,169 children participated from elementary schools
primarily in the Kanto region as well as Hokkaido and Fukuoka. At each school, children were able to learn about SUBARU’s
automotive manufacturing through videos. These videos offered a view into our processes they could not get from an in-
person tour, earning praise from teachers.
Online factory tour
Factory tour leaf(cid:32)let
Ut(cid:32)sunomi(cid:32)ya P(cid:32)l(cid:32)ant
We pa(cid:32)r(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32)i(cid:32)pa(cid:32)t(cid:32)e i(cid:32)n t(cid:32)he Town Exp(cid:32)l(cid:32)ora(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on program conduc(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed by ne(cid:32)i(cid:32)ghbor(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng e(cid:32)l(cid:32)emen(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)r(cid:32)y s(cid:32)choo(cid:32)l(cid:32)s as pa(cid:32)r(cid:32)t o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he(cid:32)i(cid:32)r soc(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)l s(cid:32)t(cid:32)ud(cid:32)i(cid:32)es(cid:32)
cur(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)cu(cid:32)l(cid:32)um, hos(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng approx(cid:32)ima(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)l(cid:32)y 15 s(cid:32)t(cid:32)uden(cid:32)t(cid:32)s each yea(cid:32)r. The program c(cid:32)rea(cid:32)t(cid:32)es oppor(cid:32)t(cid:32)un(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es f(cid:32)or ch(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)dren t(cid:32)o grow t(cid:32)he(cid:32)i(cid:32)r(cid:32)
i(cid:32)n(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)res(cid:32)t i(cid:32)n soc(cid:32)i(cid:32)e(cid:32)t(cid:32)y by t(cid:32)a(cid:32)l(cid:32)k(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)o t(cid:32)hem abou(cid:32)t a(cid:32)i(cid:32)rc(cid:32)ra(cid:32)f(cid:32)t dur(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng a t(cid:32)our o(cid:32)f our exh(cid:32)i(cid:32)b(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on mode(cid:32)l(cid:32)s(cid:32), as we(cid:32)l(cid:32)l as by i(cid:32)n(cid:32)t(cid:32)roduc(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)he(cid:32)
p(cid:32)l(cid:32)an(cid:32)t(cid:32)’(cid:32)s env(cid:32)i(cid:32)ronmen(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)l i(cid:32)n(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ves(cid:32), such as t(cid:32)he promo(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on o(cid:32)f rec(cid:32)y(cid:32)c(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng and t(cid:32)echno(cid:32)l(cid:32)og(cid:32)i(cid:32)es f(cid:32)or f(cid:32)ue(cid:32)l(cid:32)-(cid:32)e(cid:32)f(cid:32)f(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32)i(cid:32)en(cid:32)t manu(cid:32)f(cid:32)ac(cid:32)t(cid:32)ur(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng(cid:32).
A(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)hough we suspended pa(cid:32)r(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32)i(cid:32)pa(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on i(cid:32)n FYE Ma(cid:32)rch 2021 and FYE Ma(cid:32)rch 2022 i(cid:32)n t(cid:32)he i(cid:32)n(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)res(cid:32)t o(cid:32)f preven(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)he spread o(cid:32)f(cid:32)
COV(cid:32)ID-(cid:32)19(cid:32), we p(cid:32)l(cid:32)an t(cid:32)o resume pa(cid:32)r(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32)i(cid:32)pa(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on i(cid:32)n FYE Ma(cid:32)rch 2023(cid:32).
Support for the Instructor Di(cid:32)spatch Project (Utsunomi(cid:32)ya Plant(cid:32))
I(cid:32)n suppor(cid:32)t o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he 2021 I(cid:32)ns(cid:32)t(cid:32)ruc(cid:32)t(cid:32)or D(cid:32)i(cid:32)spa(cid:32)t(cid:32)ch Pro(cid:32)j(cid:32)ec(cid:32)t sponsored by t(cid:32)he Toch(cid:32)i(cid:32)g(cid:32)i As(cid:32)soc(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on o(cid:32)f(cid:32)
Corpora(cid:32)t(cid:32)e Execu(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ves(cid:32), Sen(cid:32)i(cid:32)or V(cid:32)i(cid:32)ce Pres(cid:32)i(cid:32)den(cid:32)t Tozuka was d(cid:32)i(cid:32)spa(cid:32)t(cid:32)ched as an i(cid:32)ns(cid:32)t(cid:32)ruc(cid:32)t(cid:32)or t(cid:32)o a l(cid:32)oca(cid:32)l(cid:32)
s(cid:32)choo(cid:32)l(cid:32), Ut(cid:32)sunomi(cid:32)ya C(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)y Younan J(cid:32)un(cid:32)i(cid:32)or H(cid:32)i(cid:32)gh Schoo(cid:32)l(cid:32). I(cid:32)n h(cid:32)i(cid:32)s l(cid:32)ec(cid:32)t(cid:32)ures(cid:32), he i(cid:32)n(cid:32)t(cid:32)roduced t(cid:32)he p(cid:32)l(cid:32)an(cid:32)t(cid:32)’(cid:32)s(cid:32)
bus(cid:32)i(cid:32)nes(cid:32)s ac(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es t(cid:32)o s(cid:32)t(cid:32)uden(cid:32)t(cid:32)s enro(cid:32)l(cid:32)l(cid:32)ed a(cid:32)t t(cid:32)he s(cid:32)choo(cid:32)l(cid:32), and a(cid:32)l(cid:32)so d(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)cus(cid:32)sed impor(cid:32)t(cid:32)an(cid:32)t po(cid:32)i(cid:32)n(cid:32)t(cid:32)s f(cid:32)or(cid:32)
t(cid:32)he wor(cid:32)k t(cid:32)hey do t(cid:32)he(cid:32)re(cid:32).
Instructor Dispatch
Communi(cid:32)ty Cleanup Act(cid:32)i(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)ies (Gunma Plant(cid:32), Tokyo Of(cid:32)f(cid:32)i(cid:32)ce, Utsunomi(cid:32)ya Plant(cid:32))
As part of its community engagement initiatives, SUBARU carries
out cleanup activities on a regular basis in districts where its
offices and plants are located.
In FYE March 2022, these events were either canceled or reduced
in scope; events held were given the utmost consideration for
prevention of the spread of COVID-19. At the Utsunomiya Plant,
we continued our previous fiscal year’s activities, picking up
Employees engaged in cleanup activities (Utsunomiya Plant)
garbage and conducting cleanup activities at the employee
dormitory and surrounding areas.
As a responsible community member, we will continue with these
beautification activities to help conserve local environments.
Advancing the SDGs Alongside Communities (Utsunomiya Plant)
In March 2021, the Utsunomiya Plant registered for Tochigi Prefecture’s Tochigi SDGs
Promotion Company Registration System. In this system, the prefectural government maintains
a registry of declarations made by companies doing business in the prefecture on the topics of
the environment, society, and economy. This system is designed to promote independent
company actions toward the achievement of the SDGs. Going forward, we will be proactive in
our actions here, linking growth at our business sites with growth of the region.
Registration Logo for Tochigi
SDGs Promotion Companies
164

[PAGE 165]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social In cooperation with Subaru Techno Corporation, SUBARU holds SUBARU Mono- zukuri Classes for elementary school students in Mitaka City, where SUBARU has an office. These classes teach students how SUBARU makes its vehicles, offering them the opportunity to model and run their own cars. Participants get hands-on experience, learning things like the differences between two-wheel drive (2WD) and four-wheel drive (4WD) vehicles, such as their design and handling. Each year, we receive more applications than slots available for this very popular event. In FYE March 2022, although we canceled these classes as a result of prioritizing student safety, we will continue our activities to bring the joy and importance of manufacturing to as many children as possible. Learning about the differences between 2WD and 4WD vehicles (FYE March 2020) The Gunma Plant donated 11 types of goods, including LED flashlights and portable toilets, to the communities where its office is located. The donation consisted of 359 kits, placed in public facilities, schools designated as evacuation centers, and welfare facilities. Donations from the Chief General Manager of the Gunma Plant to Mayor of Oizumi Town (left), and Mayor of Ota City (right) We have concluded an agreement with Utsunomiya City regarding the use of facilities in the event of a disaster. Under this agreement, in the event of wind or flooding damage in Utsunomiya City, the parking facilities of the Utsunomiya Plant will be temporarily opened as an evacuation site for vehicles owned by the city’s citizens living in designated flooding zones. In June 2019, the plant was officially registered by the City of Utsunomiya as a Disaster Prevention Cooperation Office, one that will cooperate in local disaster prevention activities, including cooperation in providing human resources and goods support during disasters. Signing of the disaster preparedness agreement Chief General Manager of the Utsunomiya Plant (left), Mayor of Utsunomiya City (center), President of KANSEKI CO., LTD. (right) For several years, Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. (SIA) has hosted factory tours that offer an opportunity to see the car manufacturing processes firsthand and increase public understanding of SUBARU’s products. SIA runs several tour courses, including hands-on programs for students using state- of-the-art robotics, 3D printing, virtual reality (VR), and other technologies. Children participating in a factory tour (FYE March 2020) Hosting Local Community Events (Gunma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant) In order to build good relationships with the communities in which SUBARU’s offices and plants are located, we host events on our premises. We invite local residents, as listed below, while participating in various regional community events. In FYE March 2022, we canceled many events as a result of prioritizing the safety of local residents and employees, but we will continue to promote efforts to contribute to regional development. Mono-zukuri Classes (Tokyo Office) Disaster Response Countermeasures ・Donated Disaster Kits (Gunma Plant) ・Concluded a Disaster Preparedness Agreement with Utsunomiya City (Utsunomiya Plant) Activity in the Community: Overseas Factory Tours (Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.) 165 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Hosting Local Community Events (Gunma Plant, Tokyo Office, Utsunomiya Plant)
[TABLE] In order to build good relationships with the communities in which SUBARU’s offices and plants are located, we host events
on our premises. We invite local residents, as listed below, while participating in various regional community events.
In FYE March 2022, we canceled many events as a result of prioritizing the safety of local residents and employees, but we
will continue to promote efforts to contribute to regional development.
Mono-zukuri Classes (Tokyo Office)
In cooperation with Subaru Techno Corporation, SUBARU holds SUBARU Mono-
zukuri Classes for elementary school students in Mitaka City, where SUBARU has
an office. These classes teach students how SUBARU makes its vehicles, offering
them the opportunity to model and run their own cars. Participants get hands-on
experience, learning things like the differences between two-wheel drive (2WD)
and four-wheel drive (4WD) vehicles, such as their design and handling. Each year,
we receive more applications than slots available for this very popular event.
In FYE March 2022, although we canceled these classes as a result of prioritizing
student safety, we will continue our activities to bring the joy and importance of
Learning about the differences between 2WD
manufacturing to as many children as possible. and 4WD vehicles (FYE March 2020)
Disaster Response Countermeasures
・Donated Disaster Kits (Gunma Plant)
The Gunma Plant donated 11 types of goods, including LED
flashlights and portable toilets, to the communities where its
office is located. The donation consisted of 359 kits, placed in
public facilities, schools designated as evacuation centers, and
welfare facilities.
Donations from the Chief General Manager of the Gunma Plant to
Mayor of Oizumi Town (left), and Mayor of Ota City (right)
・Concluded a Disaster Preparedness Agreement with Utsunomiya City (Utsunomiya Plant)
We have concluded an agreement with Utsunomiya City regarding the use of
facilities in the event of a disaster.
Under this agreement, in the event of wind or flooding damage in Utsunomiya
City, the parking facilities of the Utsunomiya Plant will be temporarily opened as
an evacuation site for vehicles owned by the city’s citizens living in designated
flooding zones. In June 2019, the plant was officially registered by the City of
Utsunomiya as a Disaster Prevention Cooperation Office, one that will cooperate in
local disaster prevention activities, including cooperation in providing human
Signing of the disaster preparedness
resources and goods support during disasters. agreement
Chief General Manager of the Utsunomiya
Plant (left), Mayor of Utsunomiya City
(center), President of KANSEKI CO., LTD.
(right)
Activity in the Community: Overseas
Factory Tours (Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.)
For several years, Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. (SIA) has
hosted factory tours that offer an opportunity to see the car
manufacturing processes firsthand and increase public
understanding of SUBARU’s products. SIA runs several tour
courses, including hands-on programs for students using state-
of-the-art robotics, 3D printing, virtual reality (VR), and other
technologies.
Children participating in a factory tour (FYE March 2020)
165

[PAGE 166]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. provides employee volunteer programs in collaboration with local nonprofit groups. These diverse projects include support for food banks, support for local animal protection organizations and tree planting activities, and cleanup activities at fire stations. Support for nonprofit animal protection organizations Cleanup activities at fire stations Subaru Canada, Inc. (SCI) contributes to local environmental beautification through government projects. Since 2005, SCI has participated in a trash pickup campaign run by the City of Mississauga on Earth Day every year, together with other local companies. While SCI could not participate in FYE March 2022 in consideration of the state of COVID-19’s spread, it has also taken part in the city’s road beautification initiatives for a number of years, working on the assigned areas three times annually. Earth Day cleanup event (FYE March 2020) SCI employees participating in cleanup activities (FYE March 2020) At a running event held in November 2021, the Gunma Plant asked event participants to collect shoes that are still wearable but no longer worn, collecting 104 pairs of shoes. The collected shoes were recycled and donated to an overseas NPO that supports children in need. Collection of unwanted shoes Participation in Manufacturing Week (Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.) Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. participates in Manufacturing Week, a manufacturing event for local children held by a local commerce association. It is designed to help students from kindergarten to high school age learn about careers available in manufacturing industries. In FYE March 2022, events were held online to help prevent the spread of COVID-19. Employee Volunteer Activities (Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.) Participating in Local Government Trash Pickup Activity (Subaru Canada, Inc.) Environment: In Japan SUBARU Forest Project Since FYE March 2018, SUBARU has been working on the SUBARU Forest Project, an initiative that is directly linked to biodiversity conservation and embodies the idea of coexistence with nature included in the SUBARU Environmental Policies. SUBARU is working with Bifuka Town in Hokkaido, Gunma Prefecture, and Utsunomiya City in Tochigi Prefecture, where SUBARU has close ties with local communities. We promote forest protection activities, such as for supporting forest management, tree planting and use of thinned wood obtained from forest management work. In our efforts with Bifuka Town, we purchased J-Credits in FYE March 2022. Collecting and Donating Unwanted Shoes to an NPO (Gunma Plant) Teaching a School Class (Utsunomiya Plant) Starting from FYE March 2007, the Utsunomiya Plant sends employees to local elementary and junior high schools to teach classes designed to increase children’s interest in the field of aerospace and the environment, seeking to raise their environmental awareness and present a future career option. Our programs contain lectures and experiments planned to learn about global warming, primarily major causes and the significance of stopping the phenomenon, as well as the principles of aircraft flight and the structure’s environment-friendly designs. In FYE March 2022, we once again made utmost efforts to refrain from school visits in the interest of the children’s safety, and held programs online. Having taught 21,123 students in total at 318 schools in Utsunomiya and Handa districts over the years, this project has become an essential local community activity. 166 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Participation in Manufacturing Week (Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.)
[TABLE] Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. participates in Manufacturing Week, a manufacturing event for local children held by a
local commerce association. It is designed to help students from kindergarten to high school age learn about careers
available in manufacturing industries. In FYE March 2022, events were held online to help prevent the spread of COVID-19.
Employee Volunteer Activities (Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.)
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. provides employee volunteer
programs in collaboration with local nonprofit groups. These
diverse projects include support for food banks, support for local
animal protection organizations and tree planting activities, and
cleanup activities at fire stations.
Support for nonprofit animal Cleanup activities at fire
protection organizations stations
Participating in Local Government Trash Pickup Activity (Subaru Canada, Inc.)
Subaru Canada, Inc. (SCI) contributes to local environmental
beautification through government projects. Since 2005, SCI has
participated in a trash pickup campaign run by the City of
Mississauga on Earth Day every year, together with other local
companies. While SCI could not participate in FYE March 2022 in
consideration of the state of COVID-19’s spread, it has also taken
part in the city’s road beautification initiatives for a number of Earth Day cleanup event (FYE SCI employees participating in
years, working on the assigned areas three times annually. March 2020) cleanup activities (FYE March
2020)
Environment: In Japan
SUBARU Forest Project
Since FYE March 2018, SUBARU has been working on the SUBARU Forest Project, an initiative that is directly linked to
biodiversity conservation and embodies the idea of coexistence with nature included in the SUBARU Environmental Policies.
SUBARU is working with Bifuka Town in Hokkaido, Gunma Prefecture, and Utsunomiya City in Tochigi Prefecture, where
SUBARU has close ties with local communities. We promote forest protection activities, such as for supporting forest
management, tree planting and use of thinned wood obtained from forest management work. In our efforts with Bifuka Town,
we purchased J-Credits in FYE March 2022.
Collecting and Donating Unwanted Shoes to an NPO (Gunma Plant)
At a running event held in November 2021, the Gunma Plant
asked event participants to collect shoes that are still wearable
but no longer worn, collecting 104 pairs of shoes. The collected
shoes were recycled and donated to an overseas NPO that
supports children in need.
Collection of unwanted shoes
Teaching a School Class (Utsunomiya Plant)
Starting from FYE March 2007, the Utsunomiya Plant sends employees to local elementary and junior high schools to teach
classes designed to increase children’s interest in the field of aerospace and the environment, seeking to raise their
environmental awareness and present a future career option.
Our programs contain lectures and experiments planned to learn about global warming, primarily major causes and the
significance of stopping the phenomenon, as well as the principles of aircraft flight and the structure’s environment-friendly
designs. In FYE March 2022, we once again made utmost efforts to refrain from school visits in the interest of the children’s
safety, and held programs online. Having taught 21,123 students in total at 318 schools in Utsunomiya and Handa districts
over the years, this project has become an essential local community activity.
166

[PAGE 167]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social SOA on-premise fields In December 2021, the SUBARU baseball team, together with a professional basketball team based in Ota City, conducted traffic safety awareness activities at Ota Station with the cooperation of Tobu Railway and the Ota Police Station. Under the theme that walking while using a smartphone is dangerous, they greeted commuters at Ota Station, distributing original tissues. Members from the SUBARU baseball team, the Gunma Crane Thunders, and Ota Station staff In FYE March 2018, we started an initiative to install traffic safety signs on utility poles on Ota City’s school roads. As of April 2021, a total of 29 signboards have been installed in an effort to prevent traffic accidents for local residents. Teaching a school class Donating Bike Racks Made of Thinned Wood (Gunma Plant) In March 2022, the Gunma Plant donated bike racks made of thinned wood from the SUBARU Friendship Forest Akagi to Gunma Prefecture. The 10 donated bike racks have been installed mainly in forest parks in Gunma Prefecture for the benefit of cyclists visiting the parks. Mr. Masayuki Amada (right), Gunma Prefectural Government Forest Conservation Division Director Environment: Overseas On-premi se Crop Cul t i vat ion (Subaru of Amer i ca, Inc . ) Suba ru o f Ame r i ca , I nc . ( SOA ) cu l t i va t es c rops on f i e l ds es t ab l i shed on t he company ’ s premi ses . Company emp l oyees ma i n t a i n t he f i e l ds t hemse l ves , ha r ves t i ng an ave rage o f a round 270 kg o f c rops pe r yea r and dona t i ng t hem t o l oca l NPOs . FYE Ma rch 2021 ma r ked t he 14 t h yea r s i nce t he s t a r t o f t he i n i t i a t i ve . The company ha r ves t ed 269 kg o f c rops dur i ng t h i s yea r. Traffic Safety Awareness Activities (Gunma Plant) Installing Traffic Safety Signs (Gunma Plant) Installing Signs on Utility Poles Road Traf f ic Safety 167 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
[TABLE] Teaching a school class
Donating Bike Racks Made of Thinned Wood (Gunma Plant)
In March 2022, the Gunma Plant donated bike racks made of thinned wood from the SUBARU Friendship Forest Akagi to
Gunma Prefecture. The 10 donated bike racks have been installed mainly in forest parks in Gunma Prefecture for the benefit
of cyclists visiting the parks.
Mr. Masayuki Amada (right), Gunma Prefectural
Government Forest Conservation Division
Director
Environment: Overseas
On-premi(cid:32)se Crop Cul(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)vat(cid:32)ion (Subaru of Amer(cid:32)i(cid:32)ca, Inc(cid:32).(cid:32))
Suba(cid:32)ru o(cid:32)f Ame(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)ca(cid:32), I(cid:32)nc(cid:32). ((cid:32)SOA(cid:32)) cu(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)va(cid:32)t(cid:32)es c(cid:32)rops on f(cid:32)i(cid:32)e(cid:32)l(cid:32)ds es(cid:32)t(cid:32)ab(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)shed on t(cid:32)he(cid:32)
company(cid:32)’(cid:32)s premi(cid:32)ses(cid:32). Company emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyees ma(cid:32)i(cid:32)n(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)i(cid:32)n t(cid:32)he f(cid:32)i(cid:32)e(cid:32)l(cid:32)ds t(cid:32)hemse(cid:32)l(cid:32)ves(cid:32),(cid:32)
ha(cid:32)r(cid:32)ves(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng an ave(cid:32)rage o(cid:32)f a(cid:32)round 270 kg o(cid:32)f c(cid:32)rops pe(cid:32)r yea(cid:32)r and dona(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)hem(cid:32)
t(cid:32)o l(cid:32)oca(cid:32)l NPOs(cid:32). FYE Ma(cid:32)rch 2021 ma(cid:32)r(cid:32)ked t(cid:32)he 14(cid:32)t(cid:32)h yea(cid:32)r s(cid:32)i(cid:32)nce t(cid:32)he s(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)r(cid:32)t o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he(cid:32)
i(cid:32)n(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve(cid:32). The company ha(cid:32)r(cid:32)ves(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed 269 kg o(cid:32)f c(cid:32)rops dur(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)h(cid:32)i(cid:32)s yea(cid:32)r.
SOA on-premise fields
Road Traf(cid:32)f(cid:32)ic Safety
Traffic Safety Awareness Activities (Gunma Plant)
In December 2021, the SUBARU baseball team, together with a
professional basketball team based in Ota City, conducted traffic
safety awareness activities at Ota Station with the cooperation of
Tobu Railway and the Ota Police Station. Under the theme that
walking while using a smartphone is dangerous, they greeted
commuters at Ota Station, distributing original tissues.
Members from the SUBARU baseball team, the Gunma Crane
Thunders, and Ota Station staff
Installing Traffic Safety Signs (Gunma Plant)
In FYE March 2018, we started an initiative to install traffic safety signs on utility poles on
Ota City’s school roads. As of April 2021, a total of 29 signboards have been installed in an
effort to prevent traffic accidents for local residents.
Installing Signs on Utility Poles
167

[PAGE 168]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social The Superintendent General of the Metropolitan Police Department presented the Tokyo Office with a Superintendent General Certificate of Appreciation. This certificate of appreciation is awarded to offices that set a good example for others through their daily efforts to improve safety awareness and for proper vehicle operation management, as well as their active involvement in traffic safety activities. Over the years, the Tokyo Office has entered many Safety Drive Contests sponsored by the Metropolitan Police Department. It has achieved zero accidents and zero violations for nearly all of these entries. It was also recognized for its active cooperation in spring and fall traffic safety campaigns. Award ceremony Certificate of commendation At the Utsunomiya Plant, SUBARU serves as the president of the southern Utsunomiya branch of the Tochigi Prefecture Association of Driving Safety Supervisors. We work with community associations located around the plant and the Utsunomiya Minami Police Department to promote local road traffic safety activities in order to raise awareness in the southern Utsunomiya district. In addition to these activities, Senior Vice President Tozuka received the Kanto Driving Safety Manager Association Award, the first received for SUBARU. He received this award as the Chairman of the Utsunomiya Southern District Driving Safety Manager Association for his efforts to improve the efforts and morale of all member organizations. Association of Driving Safety Supervisors in session Certificate of commendation In November 2021, the “How to Run Faster” Class was held at the Subaru Sports Park in Oizumi Town, coached by four of SUBARU’s track and field team members and two of its coaches. Around 40 local elementary school children participated in the event, learning basic movements in running and studying practical training methods ahead of long-distance races in autumn. Running clinic In December 2021, the Gunma Prefectural High School Baseball Skills Training Course was held at the Shikishima Baseball Stadium, with 23 players from SUBARU’s baseball team serving as instructors. Despite the many restrictions in consideration of the state of COVID-19’s spread, such as alcohol disinfection, mask- wearing, and temperature checks for all participants, the high school students attended with sincere demeanor. Baseball clinic Certificate of Appreciation from the Superintendent General of the Metropolitan Police Department (Tokyo Office) Activities of the Association of Driving Safety Supervisors (Utsunomiya Plant) Sports and Culture: In Japan SUBARU’s Baseball Players and Track and Field Team Members Coach Children 168 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Certificate of Appreciation from the Superintendent General of the Metropolitan Police Department (Tokyo
[TABLE] Office)
The Superintendent General of the Metropolitan Police
Department presented the Tokyo Office with a Superintendent
General Certificate of Appreciation.
This certificate of appreciation is awarded to offices that set a
good example for others through their daily efforts to improve
safety awareness and for proper vehicle operation management,
as well as their active involvement in traffic safety activities. Award ceremony Certificate of commendation
Over the years, the Tokyo Office has entered many Safety Drive
Contests sponsored by the Metropolitan Police Department. It
has achieved zero accidents and zero violations for nearly all of
these entries. It was also recognized for its active cooperation in
spring and fall traffic safety campaigns.
Activities of the Association of Driving Safety Supervisors (Utsunomiya Plant)
At the Utsunomiya Plant, SUBARU serves as the president of the
southern Utsunomiya branch of the Tochigi Prefecture
Association of Driving Safety Supervisors. We work with
community associations located around the plant and the
Utsunomiya Minami Police Department to promote local road
traffic safety activities in order to raise awareness in the
southern Utsunomiya district. Association of Driving Safety Certificate of commendation
In addition to these activities, Senior Vice President Tozuka Supervisors in session
received the Kanto Driving Safety Manager Association Award,
the first received for SUBARU. He received this award as the
Chairman of the Utsunomiya Southern District Driving Safety
Manager Association for his efforts to improve the efforts and
morale of all member organizations.
Sports and Culture: In Japan
SUBARU’s Baseball Players and Track and Field Team Members Coach Children
In November 2021, the “How to Run Faster” Class was held at the
Subaru Sports Park in Oizumi Town, coached by four of SUBARU’s
track and field team members and two of its coaches. Around 40
local elementary school children participated in the event,
learning basic movements in running and studying practical
training methods ahead of long-distance races in autumn.
Running clinic
In December 2021, the Gunma Prefectural High School Baseball
Skills Training Course was held at the Shikishima Baseball
Stadium, with 23 players from SUBARU’s baseball team serving as
instructors. Despite the many restrictions in consideration of the
state of COVID-19’s spread, such as alcohol disinfection, mask-
wearing, and temperature checks for all participants, the high
school students attended with sincere demeanor. Baseball clinic
168

[PAGE 169]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social In December 2021, the Takofes Christmas Concert was held by the Higashi Ebisu Store Association at the EBiS303 (Ebisu Subaru Building). This concert, celebrating its sixth year since launching in 2016, was held with the joint support of local residents and companies, including SUBARU as a local corporate sponsor. The concert was held with rigorous measures taken to prevent COVID-19 infection. The 375 attendees enjoyed a powerful and splendorous performance from the professional orchestra. Christmas concert performance Drive-in movie event Providing “Lifesaving Cars” to the Japan Lifesaving Association In supporting the JLA in its goal of zero water accidents, SUBARU provided Subaru Lifesaving Cars, including Forester models. These were used for monitoring activities and transport of emergency rescue equipment in FYE March 2021 at beaches in Kanagawa, Chiba, and Shizuoka prefectures. In FYE March 2022, the activity area was expanded to include beaches in 21 prefectures throughout Japan, with 19 SUBARU dealerships providing vehicles in contribution to beach patrols and rescue and relief efforts during the summer. From FYE March 2023, we will expand the scope of our support and activities as an official partner of JLA. *1 The Japan Lifesaving Association (link to website) *2 Hokkaido Subaru Co., Ltd., Iwate Subaru Inc., Miyagi Subaru Inc., Yamagata Subaru Inc., Fukushima Subaru Inc., Niigata Subaru Inc., Hokuriku Subaru Inc., Chiba Subaru Inc., Kanagawa Subaru Co., Ltd., Shizuoka Subaru Motor Co., Ltd., Nagoya Subaru Motors Inc., Kyoto Subaru Inc., Hyogo Subaru Inc., Sanin Subaru Inc., Higashi Shikoku Subaru Inc., Fukuoka Subaru Inc., Oita Subaru Inc., Minami Kyushu Subaru Inc., Okinawa Subaru Inc. Vehicle handover event Supporting Sporting Organizations and Sporting Events SUBARU supports the activities of the Ski Association of Japan, the Japan Canoe Federation, and the Japan Cycling Federation as an official sponsor, and also provides operational vehicles for sporting events such as the New Year Ekiden relay race and the Tokyo Marathon. Sponsoring a Christmas Concert (Head Office) Sports and Culture: Overseas Dr i ve- in Mov ie Event (Subaru Canada, Inc . ) Suba ru Canada , I nc . he l d a dr i ve - i n mov i e v i ewi ng f or SUBARU owne r s . Due t o t he COV ID- 19 pandemi c , t he even t was he l d wi t h due cau t i on ; pa r t i c i pan t s we re prov i ded wi t h masks and a l coho l d i s i n f ec t an t s . Gues t s expres sed t he i r t hanks f or be i ng ab l e t o a t t end a sa f e , f un even t even dur i ng t he d i f f i cu l t i es o f t he COV ID- 19 pandemi c . *1 *2 169 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Providing “Lifesaving Cars” to the Japan Lifesaving Association
[TABLE] In supporting the JLA*1 in its goal of zero water accidents, SUBARU provided Subaru Lifesaving Cars, including Forester
models. These were used for monitoring activities and transport of emergency rescue equipment in FYE March 2021 at
beaches in Kanagawa, Chiba, and Shizuoka prefectures. In FYE March 2022, the activity area was expanded to include beaches
in 21 prefectures throughout Japan, with 19 SUBARU dealerships*2 providing vehicles in contribution to beach patrols and
rescue and relief efforts during the summer.
From FYE March 2023, we will expand the scope of our support and activities as an official partner of JLA.
*1 The Japan Lifesaving Association
(link to website)
*2 Hokkaido Subaru Co., Ltd., Iwate Subaru Inc., Miyagi Subaru Inc., Yamagata Subaru Inc., Fukushima Subaru Inc., Niigata Subaru Inc.,
Hokuriku Subaru Inc., Chiba Subaru Inc., Kanagawa Subaru Co., Ltd., Shizuoka Subaru Motor Co., Ltd., Nagoya Subaru Motors Inc., Kyoto
Subaru Inc., Hyogo Subaru Inc., Sanin Subaru Inc., Higashi Shikoku Subaru Inc., Fukuoka Subaru Inc., Oita Subaru Inc., Minami Kyushu
Subaru Inc., Okinawa Subaru Inc.
Vehicle handover event
Supporting Sporting Organizations and Sporting Events
SUBARU supports the activities of the Ski Association of Japan, the Japan Canoe Federation, and the Japan Cycling Federation
as an official sponsor, and also provides operational vehicles for sporting events such as the New Year Ekiden relay race and
the Tokyo Marathon.
Sponsoring a Christmas Concert (Head Office)
In December 2021, the Takofes Christmas Concert was held by the Higashi Ebisu Store
Association at the EBiS303 (Ebisu Subaru Building). This concert, celebrating its sixth year
since launching in 2016, was held with the joint support of local residents and companies,
including SUBARU as a local corporate sponsor. The concert was held with rigorous
measures taken to prevent COVID-19 infection. The 375 attendees enjoyed a powerful and
splendorous performance from the professional orchestra.
Christmas concert performance
Sports and Culture: Overseas
Dr(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve-(cid:32)in Mov(cid:32)ie Event (Subaru Canada, Inc(cid:32).(cid:32))
Suba(cid:32)ru Canada(cid:32), I(cid:32)nc(cid:32). he(cid:32)l(cid:32)d a dr(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve(cid:32)-(cid:32)i(cid:32)n mov(cid:32)i(cid:32)e v(cid:32)i(cid:32)ewi(cid:32)ng f(cid:32)or SUBARU(cid:32)
owne(cid:32)r(cid:32)s(cid:32). Due t(cid:32)o t(cid:32)he COV(cid:32)ID-(cid:32)19 pandemi(cid:32)c(cid:32), t(cid:32)he even(cid:32)t was he(cid:32)l(cid:32)d wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h(cid:32)
due cau(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on(cid:32); pa(cid:32)r(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32)i(cid:32)pan(cid:32)t(cid:32)s we(cid:32)re prov(cid:32)i(cid:32)ded wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h masks and a(cid:32)l(cid:32)coho(cid:32)l(cid:32)
d(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)n(cid:32)f(cid:32)ec(cid:32)t(cid:32)an(cid:32)t(cid:32)s(cid:32). Gues(cid:32)t(cid:32)s expres(cid:32)sed t(cid:32)he(cid:32)i(cid:32)r t(cid:32)hanks f(cid:32)or be(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng ab(cid:32)l(cid:32)e t(cid:32)o(cid:32)
a(cid:32)t(cid:32)t(cid:32)end a sa(cid:32)f(cid:32)e(cid:32), f(cid:32)un even(cid:32)t even dur(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)he d(cid:32)i(cid:32)f(cid:32)f(cid:32)i(cid:32)cu(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he(cid:32)
COV(cid:32)ID-(cid:32)19 pandemi(cid:32)c(cid:32).
Drive-in movie event
169

[PAGE 170]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social The partitions were made from lightweight and durable carbon materials and fiberglass left over from the manufacturing process. A total of 48 sets were donated to the Tochigi prefectural government and medical institutions in Tochigi Prefecture. Donated partitions SUBARU has implemented a system where employees can easily use the company welfare program to donate to important causes. In the event of a disaster, we also offer easy donation through temporary special contact points to support the affected areas. In addition to using the company welfare program to donate in the event of a disaster, we have expanded options for employee participation as of FYE March 2021 to include our SUBARU Online Donation BOX in cooperation with the Central Community Chest of Japan. Furthermore, in December 2020 SUBARU’s employees were awarded the Golden Order of Merit by the Japanese Red Cross Society for their donations. *3 The Golden Order of Merit is awarded by the Japanese Red Cross Society to companies and organizations for donating operating funds that exceed a determined amount. The Golden Order of Merit We hold special sales events in-house with participation from the three prefectures of Iwate, Miyagi, and Fukushima, all of which were severely damaged by the Great East Japan Earthquake. These events are held under the theme of direct employee action. In addition to helping with the sale of special products from each prefecture, these events also offer a place where they can provide information about recovery status and tourist attractions. Although these events were suspended in FYE March 2022 due to impact from the spread of COVID-19, we will continue to support the recovery of these regions while adapting how these events are held in keeping with the situation. SUBARU also participates in the Festival in Support of Tohoku Reconstruction held by the Keidanren ( Japan Business Federation) to support reconstruction from the Great East Japan Earthquake, and in FYE March 2022 a special menu using ingredients from the Tohoku region was served in our canteens throughout SUBARU. Sales event at a SUBARU conference room (FYE March 2020) Dishes using ingredients from Tohoku Donation, Volunteer Activities, etc.: In Japan Employee Volunteer Award Program Based on the concept of ingraining the practice of social contribution into corporate culture and to foster sincere commitment to such practice, we have established a volunteer award program to encourage each employee to participate in volunteer activities and to raise awareness of social contribution activities. This award is given annually, and the Social Contribution Committee deliberates and selects winners from among the applicants. In FYE March 2022, the 17th iteration of this award, applications spanned a range of activities, such as tennis coaching, blood donations, and hair donations. Award winners are engaged in their activities with the mindsets of wanting to do something to benefit the world and to inform more people about the activities they are engaged in. SUBARU will continue to foster and enhance employees’ awareness of social contribution. Voluntary Employee Donation System East Japan Reconstruction Support Sales Events (Head Office) *3 Creat ing and Donat ing Part i t ions Made f rom Surplus Mater ial s to the Tochigi Prefectural Government and Medi cal Inst i tut ions (Utsunomi ya Plant ) Cooperat ion in PCR moni tor ing group test ing (Utsunomi ya Plant ) As pa r t o f t he gove rnmen t ’ s e f f or t s t o use ea r l y de t ec t i on t o con t a i n resurgence o f COV ID- 19 , emp l oyees a t t he Ut sunomi ya P l an t vo l un t ee red t o he l p wi t h PCR mon i t or i ng group t es t i ng , a j o i n t pro j ec t be tween Toch i g i Pre f ec t ure and t he J apane e s gove rnmen t . These vo l un t ee r s coope ra t ed i n a t o t a l o f seven PCR t es t s . Response to the Spread of COVID-19 170 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Response to the Spread of COVID-19
[TABLE] Cooperat(cid:32)ion in PCR moni(cid:32)tor(cid:32)ing group test(cid:32)ing (Utsunomi(cid:32)ya Plant(cid:32))
As pa(cid:32)r(cid:32)t o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he gove(cid:32)rnmen(cid:32)t(cid:32)’(cid:32)s e(cid:32)f(cid:32)f(cid:32)or(cid:32)t(cid:32)s t(cid:32)o use ea(cid:32)r(cid:32)l(cid:32)y de(cid:32)t(cid:32)ec(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on t(cid:32)o con(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)i(cid:32)n resurgence o(cid:32)f COV(cid:32)ID-(cid:32)19(cid:32), emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyees a(cid:32)t t(cid:32)he Ut(cid:32)sunomi(cid:32)(cid:32)ya
P(cid:32)l(cid:32)an(cid:32)t vo(cid:32)l(cid:32)un(cid:32)t(cid:32)ee(cid:32)red t(cid:32)o he(cid:32)l(cid:32)p wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h PCR mon(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)or(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng group t(cid:32)es(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng(cid:32), a j(cid:32)o(cid:32)i(cid:32)n(cid:32)t pro(cid:32)j(cid:32)ec(cid:32)t be(cid:32)tween Toch(cid:32)i(cid:32)g(cid:32)i Pre(cid:32)f(cid:32)ec(cid:32)t(cid:32)ure and t(cid:32)he J(cid:32)apane(cid:32)se
gove(cid:32)rnmen(cid:32)t(cid:32). These vo(cid:32)l(cid:32)un(cid:32)t(cid:32)ee(cid:32)r(cid:32)s coope(cid:32)ra(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed i(cid:32)n a t(cid:32)o(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)l o(cid:32)f seven PCR t(cid:32)es(cid:32)t(cid:32)s(cid:32).
Creat(cid:32)ing and Donat(cid:32)ing Part(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)ions Made f(cid:32)rom Surplus Mater(cid:32)ial(cid:32)s to the Tochigi Prefectural Government and
(cid:32)Medi(cid:32)cal Inst(cid:32)i(cid:32)tut(cid:32)ions (Utsunomi(cid:32)ya Plant(cid:32))
The partitions were made from lightweight and durable carbon materials and fiberglass
left over from the manufacturing process. A total of 48 sets were donated to the Tochigi
prefectural government and medical institutions in Tochigi Prefecture.
Donated partitions
Donation, Volunteer Activities, etc.: In Japan
Employee Volunteer Award Program
Based on the concept of ingraining the practice of social contribution into corporate culture and to foster sincere
commitment to such practice, we have established a volunteer award program to encourage each employee to participate in
volunteer activities and to raise awareness of social contribution activities.
This award is given annually, and the Social Contribution Committee deliberates and selects winners from among the
applicants. In FYE March 2022, the 17th iteration of this award, applications spanned a range of activities, such as tennis
coaching, blood donations, and hair donations. Award winners are engaged in their activities with the mindsets of wanting to
do something to benefit the world and to inform more people about the activities they are engaged in. SUBARU will continue
to foster and enhance employees’ awareness of social contribution.
Voluntary Employee Donation System
SUBARU has implemented a system where employees can easily use the company welfare
program to donate to important causes. In the event of a disaster, we also offer easy
donation through temporary special contact points to support the affected areas.
In addition to using the company welfare program to donate in the event of a disaster, we
have expanded options for employee participation as of FYE March 2021 to include our
SUBARU Online Donation BOX in cooperation with the Central Community Chest of Japan.
Furthermore, in December 2020 SUBARU’s employees were awarded the Golden Order of
Merit*3 by the Japanese Red Cross Society for their donations. The Golden Order of Merit
*3 The Golden Order of Merit is awarded by the Japanese Red Cross Society to companies and
organizations for donating operating funds that exceed a determined amount.
East Japan Reconstruction Support Sales Events (Head Office)
We hold special sales events in-house with participation from the three prefectures of
Iwate, Miyagi, and Fukushima, all of which were severely damaged by the Great East Japan
Earthquake. These events are held under the theme of direct employee action. In addition
to helping with the sale of special products from each prefecture, these events also offer a
place where they can provide information about recovery status and tourist attractions.
Although these events were suspended in FYE March 2022 due to impact from the spread
of COVID-19, we will continue to support the recovery of these regions while adapting how
these events are held in keeping with the situation. Sales event at a SUBARU conference
room (FYE March 2020)
SUBARU also participates in the Festival in Support of Tohoku Reconstruction held by the
Keidanren (Japan Business Federation) to support reconstruction from the Great East
Japan Earthquake, and in FYE March 2022 a special menu using ingredients from the
Tohoku region was served in our canteens throughout SUBARU.
Dishes using ingredients from
Tohoku
170

[PAGE 171]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Respect for Human Rights Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business Making Safe Vehicles Human Resources Customers CSR Procurement Community Engagement Social Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. (SIA) has been running a blood drive twice a year since 1991. In 2021, SIA donated 846 units of blood from approximately 280 donors. In nearly 30 years, SIA has donated approximately 15,000 units of blood to over 80 hospitals in Indiana. Employees making a blood donation Subaru of China, Ltd. (SOC)’s labor union facilitated a donation program, sending unused clothing to people living in economically disadvantaged regions. A total of 674 items of clothing were collected from 29 SOC employees and donated. Donation certificate Collected clothing Donation, Volunteer Activities, etc.: Overseas Blood Drive (Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.) Donation of Recycled Clothing to Economically Disadvantaged Regions (SUBARU of China, Ltd.) Donation to the Japan Business Society of Detroit (SUBARU Research & Development, Inc.) Subaru Research & Development, Inc. made donations to the Japan Business Society of Detroit ( JBSD), a Japanese business organization in the state of Michigan. Donations are used for scholarships and cultural activities. While Subaru Research & Development, Inc. had made four donations a year for a number of years, the company only donated three times in FYE March 2022 due to the impact from COVID-19. Since FYE March 2015, the Intellectual Property Department has been holding charity bazaars utilizing commercialization rights at local community events and in-house bazaars. At these bazaars, SUBARU sells free samples received from manufacturers selling its minicars. Proceeds from sale are donated to organizations supporting children orphaned by traffic accidents. In FYE March 2022, we held charity bazaars at three of our internal offices, donating the proceeds. In addition, in April 2022 we held a charity bazaar at a traffic safety event sponsored by the Utsunomiya Minami Police Department and others, donating the proceeds. In-house bazaar (FYE March 2017) Donations to Charitable Organizations through Bazaars Utilizing Commercialization Rights 171 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment
from the CEO Sustainability | SSoocciiaall | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Governance Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Respect for Quality: Quality: Making Safe Human CSR Community
Customers
[TABLE] Human Rights Automotive Business Aerospace Business Vehicles Resources Procurement Engagement
Donations to Charitable Organizations through Bazaars Utilizing Commercialization Rights
[TABLE] Since FYE March 2015, the Intellectual Property Department has been holding charity
bazaars utilizing commercialization rights at local community events and in-house
bazaars. At these bazaars, SUBARU sells free samples received from manufacturers selling
its minicars. Proceeds from sale are donated to organizations supporting children
orphaned by traffic accidents. In FYE March 2022, we held charity bazaars at three of our
internal offices, donating the proceeds. In addition, in April 2022 we held a charity bazaar
at a traffic safety event sponsored by the Utsunomiya Minami Police Department and
others, donating the proceeds. In-house bazaar (FYE March 2017)
Donation, Volunteer Activities, etc.: Overseas
Blood Drive (Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.)
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. (SIA) has been running a
blood drive twice a year since 1991. In 2021, SIA donated 846
units of blood from approximately 280 donors. In nearly 30
years, SIA has donated approximately 15,000 units of blood to
over 80 hospitals in Indiana.
Employees making a blood donation
Donation of Recycled Clothing to Economically Disadvantaged Regions (SUBARU of China, Ltd.)
Subaru of China, Ltd. (SOC)’s labor union facilitated a donation
program, sending unused clothing to people living in
economically disadvantaged regions. A total of 674 items of
clothing were collected from 29 SOC employees and donated.
Donation certificate
Collected clothing
Donation to the Japan Business Society of Detroit (SUBARU Research & Development, Inc.)
Subaru Research & Development, Inc. made donations to the Japan Business Society of Detroit (JBSD), a Japanese business
organization in the state of Michigan. Donations are used for scholarships and cultural activities. While Subaru Research &
Development, Inc. had made four donations a year for a number of years, the company only donated three times in FYE March
2022 due to the impact from COVID-19.
171 | Since FYE March 2015, the Intellectual Property Department has been holding charity
bazaars utilizing commercialization rights at local community events and in-house
bazaars. At these bazaars, SUBARU sells free samples received from manufacturers selling
its minicars. Proceeds from sale are donated to organizations supporting children
orphaned by traffic accidents. In FYE March 2022, we held charity bazaars at three of our
internal offices, donating the proceeds. In addition, in April 2022 we held a charity bazaar
at a traffic safety event sponsored by the Utsunomiya Minami Police Department and
others, donating the proceeds. In-house bazaar (FYE March 2017)
Donation, Volunteer Activities, etc.: Overseas
Blood Drive (Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.)
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. (SIA) has been running a
blood drive twice a year since 1991. In 2021, SIA donated 846
units of blood from approximately 280 donors. In nearly 30
years, SIA has donated approximately 15,000 units of blood to
over 80 hospitals in Indiana.
Employees making a blood donation
Donation of Recycled Clothing to Economically Disadvantaged Regions (SUBARU of China, Ltd.)
Subaru of China, Ltd. (SOC)’s labor union facilitated a donation
program, sending unused clothing to people living in
economically disadvantaged regions. A total of 674 items of
clothing were collected from 29 SOC employees and donated.
Donation certificate
Collected clothing

[PAGE 172]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Governance Governance 173 Corporate Governance 195 Compliance 200 Risk Management 172 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents Environment Social
from the CEO Sustainability | GGoovveerrnnaannccee | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Governance
173 Corporate Governance
195 Compliance
200 Risk Management
172

[PAGE 173]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management Governance 〈Vision〉 Delivering happiness to all 〈Value Statement〉 “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” 〈Corporate Statement〉 We aim to be a compelling company with a strong market presence built upon our customer-first principle. Basic Policy SUBARU has articulated the vision “Delivering happiness to all” and works on the enhancement of corporate governance as one of the top priorities of management in order to gain the satisfaction and trust of all its stakeholders by achieving sustainable growth and improving its corporate value over the medium to long term. SUBARU clearly separates the function of decision making and the oversight of corporate management from that of the execution of business operations, and aims to realize effective corporate management by expediting decision making. In addition, SUBARU seeks to ensure proper decision making and the oversight of corporate management and the execution of business operations as well as enhance its risk management system and compliance system through the monitoring of its management and operations and advice provided by outside officers. We also implement proper and timely disclosure of information in order to improve the transparency of management. SUBARU has created the Corporate Governance Guidelines with the objective of clarifying the basic concept, framework, and operating policy of its corporate governance. Corporate Governance Guidelines PDF/391kB ( July 2022) Corporate Governance Report ( Japanese version only) PDF/322kB ( July 2022) M a n a g e m e n t S y s t e m SUBARU has chosen a s t ruc t ure wi t h a boa rd o f corpora t e aud i t or s . The Boa rd o f D i rec t or s ( n i ne membe r s , o f wh i ch t hree a re ou t s i de d i rec t or s ) and t he Boa rd o f Corpora t e Aud i t or s ( f i ve membe r s , o f wh i ch t hree a re ou t s i de corpora t e aud i t or s ) dec i de , supe r v i se , and aud i t t he execu t i on o f impor t an t bus i nes s . Th i s s t ruc t ure a l so enab l es us t o ach i eve more sound and e f f i c i en t bus i nes s ope ra t i ons t hrough i nc reased e f f ec t i venes s o f managemen t mon i t or i ng by i nvo l v i ng h i gh l y i ndependen t ou t s i de d i rec t or s and ou t s i de corpora t e aud i t or s . A t SUBARU, i n orde r t o enhance t he prac t i ca l gove rnance s t ruc t ure based on our presen t organ i za t i ona l des i gn , we have es t ab l i shed two vo l un t a r y mee t i ngs : t he Execu t i ve Nomi na t i on Mee t i ng ( cons i s t i ng o f f i ve d i rec t or s , o f wh i ch t hree a re ou t s i de d i rec t or s ) and t he Execu t i ve Compensa t i on Mee t i ng ( a l so cons i s t i ng o f f i ve d i rec t or s , o f wh i ch t hree a re ou t s i de d i rec t or s ) . As o f t he reso l u t i on o f t he 91s t Ord i na r y Gene ra l Mee t i ng o f Sha reho l de r s he l d on J une 22 , 2022 , SUBARU ’ s corpora t e gove rnance s t ruc t ure and t he compos i t i on o f t he Boa rd o f D i rec t or s , Boa rd o f Corpora t e Aud i t or s , Execu t i ve Nomi na t i on Mee t i ng , and Execu t i ve Compensa t i on Mee t i ng a re as f o l l ows . Corporate Governance 173 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents Environment Social
from the CEO Sustainability | GGoovveerrnnaannccee | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management
[TABLE] Corporate Governance
[TABLE] Corporate Governance
[TABLE] Basic Policy
SUBARU has articulated the vision “Delivering happiness to all” and works on the enhancement of corporate governance as
one of the top priorities of management in order to gain the satisfaction and trust of all its stakeholders by achieving
sustainable growth and improving its corporate value over the medium to long term.
〈Vision〉 Delivering happiness to all
〈Value Statement〉 “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind”
〈Corporate Statement〉 We aim to be a compelling company with a strong market presence built upon our
customer-first principle.
SUBARU clearly separates the function of decision making and the oversight of corporate management from that of the
execution of business operations, and aims to realize effective corporate management by expediting decision making. In
addition, SUBARU seeks to ensure proper decision making and the oversight of corporate management and the execution of
business operations as well as enhance its risk management system and compliance system through the monitoring of its
management and operations and advice provided by outside officers. We also implement proper and timely disclosure of
information in order to improve the transparency of management. SUBARU has created the Corporate Governance Guidelines
with the objective of clarifying the basic concept, framework, and operating policy of its corporate governance.
Corporate Governance Guidelines PDF/391kB (July 2022)
Corporate Governance Report (Japanese version only) PDF/322kB (July 2022)
[TABLE] M(cid:32)a(cid:32)n(cid:32)a(cid:32)g(cid:32)e(cid:32)m(cid:32)e(cid:32)n(cid:32)t S(cid:32)y(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)m
SUBARU has chosen a s(cid:32)t(cid:32)ruc(cid:32)t(cid:32)ure wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h a boa(cid:32)rd o(cid:32)f corpora(cid:32)t(cid:32)e aud(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)or(cid:32)s(cid:32). The Boa(cid:32)rd o(cid:32)f D(cid:32)i(cid:32)rec(cid:32)t(cid:32)or(cid:32)s ((cid:32)n(cid:32)i(cid:32)ne membe(cid:32)r(cid:32)s(cid:32), o(cid:32)f wh(cid:32)i(cid:32)ch t(cid:32)hree a(cid:32)re(cid:32)
ou(cid:32)t(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)de d(cid:32)i(cid:32)rec(cid:32)t(cid:32)or(cid:32)s(cid:32)) and t(cid:32)he Boa(cid:32)rd o(cid:32)f Corpora(cid:32)t(cid:32)e Aud(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)or(cid:32)s ((cid:32)f(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve membe(cid:32)r(cid:32)s(cid:32), o(cid:32)f wh(cid:32)i(cid:32)ch t(cid:32)hree a(cid:32)re ou(cid:32)t(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)de corpora(cid:32)t(cid:32)e aud(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)or(cid:32)s(cid:32)) dec(cid:32)i(cid:32)de(cid:32),(cid:32)
supe(cid:32)r(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)se(cid:32), and aud(cid:32)i(cid:32)t t(cid:32)he execu(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on o(cid:32)f impor(cid:32)t(cid:32)an(cid:32)t bus(cid:32)i(cid:32)nes(cid:32)s(cid:32).
Th(cid:32)i(cid:32)s s(cid:32)t(cid:32)ruc(cid:32)t(cid:32)ure a(cid:32)l(cid:32)so enab(cid:32)l(cid:32)es us t(cid:32)o ach(cid:32)i(cid:32)eve more sound and e(cid:32)f(cid:32)f(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32)i(cid:32)en(cid:32)t bus(cid:32)i(cid:32)nes(cid:32)s ope(cid:32)ra(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons t(cid:32)hrough i(cid:32)nc(cid:32)reased e(cid:32)f(cid:32)f(cid:32)ec(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)venes(cid:32)s o(cid:32)f(cid:32)
managemen(cid:32)t mon(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)or(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng by i(cid:32)nvo(cid:32)l(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng h(cid:32)i(cid:32)gh(cid:32)l(cid:32)y i(cid:32)ndependen(cid:32)t ou(cid:32)t(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)de d(cid:32)i(cid:32)rec(cid:32)t(cid:32)or(cid:32)s and ou(cid:32)t(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)de corpora(cid:32)t(cid:32)e aud(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)or(cid:32)s(cid:32). A(cid:32)t SUBARU, i(cid:32)n(cid:32)
orde(cid:32)r t(cid:32)o enhance t(cid:32)he prac(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ca(cid:32)l gove(cid:32)rnance s(cid:32)t(cid:32)ruc(cid:32)t(cid:32)ure based on our presen(cid:32)t organ(cid:32)i(cid:32)za(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ona(cid:32)l des(cid:32)i(cid:32)gn(cid:32), we have es(cid:32)t(cid:32)ab(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)shed two(cid:32)
vo(cid:32)l(cid:32)un(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)r(cid:32)y mee(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ngs(cid:32): t(cid:32)he Execu(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve Nomi(cid:32)na(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on Mee(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng ((cid:32)cons(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng o(cid:32)f f(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve d(cid:32)i(cid:32)rec(cid:32)t(cid:32)or(cid:32)s(cid:32), o(cid:32)f wh(cid:32)i(cid:32)ch t(cid:32)hree a(cid:32)re ou(cid:32)t(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)de d(cid:32)i(cid:32)rec(cid:32)t(cid:32)or(cid:32)s(cid:32)) and(cid:32)
t(cid:32)he Execu(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve Compensa(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on Mee(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng ((cid:32)a(cid:32)l(cid:32)so cons(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng o(cid:32)f f(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve d(cid:32)i(cid:32)rec(cid:32)t(cid:32)or(cid:32)s(cid:32), o(cid:32)f wh(cid:32)i(cid:32)ch t(cid:32)hree a(cid:32)re ou(cid:32)t(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)de d(cid:32)i(cid:32)rec(cid:32)t(cid:32)or(cid:32)s(cid:32))(cid:32).
As o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he reso(cid:32)l(cid:32)u(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he 91s(cid:32)t Ord(cid:32)i(cid:32)na(cid:32)r(cid:32)y Gene(cid:32)ra(cid:32)l Mee(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng o(cid:32)f Sha(cid:32)reho(cid:32)l(cid:32)de(cid:32)r(cid:32)s he(cid:32)l(cid:32)d on J(cid:32)une 22(cid:32), 2022(cid:32), SUBARU(cid:32)’(cid:32)s corpora(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)
gove(cid:32)rnance s(cid:32)t(cid:32)ruc(cid:32)t(cid:32)ure and t(cid:32)he compos(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he Boa(cid:32)rd o(cid:32)f D(cid:32)i(cid:32)rec(cid:32)t(cid:32)or(cid:32)s(cid:32), Boa(cid:32)rd o(cid:32)f Corpora(cid:32)t(cid:32)e Aud(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)or(cid:32)s(cid:32), Execu(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve Nomi(cid:32)na(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on(cid:32)
Mee(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng(cid:32), and Execu(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve Compensa(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on Mee(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng a(cid:32)re as f(cid:32)o(cid:32)l(cid:32)l(cid:32)ows(cid:32).
173

[PAGE 174]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management Governance Corporate Governance St ructure 174 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social
from the CEO Sustainability | GGoovveerrnnaannccee | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management
[TABLE] Corporate Governance St(cid:32)ructure
[TABLE] 174

[PAGE 175]
Directors/Auditors (As of June 22, 2022) Female Term Total Years of Service Board of Directors Board of Corporate Auditors Executive Nomination Meeting Executive Compensation Meeting Main Areas of Expertise Management (executive experience) Technology / Development Manufacturing / Procurement Sales / Marketing Global Financial affairs and accounting Legal affairs, compliance, and risk management Human Resource Development IT / DX 1 year 4 years ○ ○ ○ ● ● ● ● 3 years ◎ ◎ ◎ ● ● ● 1 year ○ ● ● ● ● 4 years ○ ● ● ● 1 year ○ ● ● ● 1 year ○ ● ● ● 3 years ○ ○ ○ ● ● ● 3 years ○ ○ ○ ● ● ● ● ● ☆ 2 years ○ ○ ○ ● ● 4 years 1 year ○ ◎ ● ● ● ☆ 2 years ○ ○ ● ● 3 years ○ ○ ● ● ☆ 3 years ○ ○ ● ● ☆ Newly appointed ○ ○ ● ● ● * ◎ and ○ indicate attendance of the chairman and other members, respectively. Note: The list above does not cover the entire scope of knowledge held by the directors and corporate auditors. * * * * Name Position Directors Tomomi Nakamura Representative Director, President and CEO Kazuo Hosoya Director, Chairman Katsuyuki Mizuma Director, Executive Vice President, CFO and CRMO Tetsuo Onuki Director, Executive Vice President Atsushi Osaki Director, Executive Vice President Fumiaki Hayata Director, Executive Vice President Yasuyuki Abe Independent Outside Director Natsunosuke Yago Independent Outside Director Miwako Doi Independent Outside Director Corporate Auditors Yoichi Kato Standing Corporate Auditor Hiromi Tsutsumi Standing Corporate Auditor Shigeru Nosaka Independent Outside Corporate Auditor Kyoko Okada Independent Outside Corporate Auditor Yuri Furusawa (Newly appointed) Independent Outside Corporate Auditor 175

[TABLE] Name | Position | Female | Term | Total
Years of
Service | Board of
Directors* | Board of
Corporate
Auditors* | Executive
Nomination
Meeting* | Executive
Compensation
Meeting* | Main Areas of Expertise
[TABLE] Management
(executive
experience) | Technology /
Development | Manufacturing /
Procurement | Sales /
Marketing | Global | Financial
affairs and
accounting | Legal affairs,
compliance,
and risk
management | Human
Resource
Development | IT / DX
[TABLE] Directors | Tomomi
Nakamura | Representative
Director,
President and
CEO | 1
year | 4 years | ○ | ○ | ○ | ● | ● | ● | ●
[TABLE] Kazuo
Hosoya | Director,
Chairman | 3 years | ◎ | ◎ | ◎ | ● | ● | ●
[TABLE] Katsuyuki
Mizuma | Director,
Executive Vice
President, CFO
and CRMO | 1 year | ○ | ● | ● | ● | ●
[TABLE] Tetsuo
Onuki | Director,
Executive Vice
President | 4 years | ○ | ● | ● | ●
[TABLE] Atsushi
Osaki | Director,
Executive Vice
President | 1 year | ○ | ● | ● | ●
[TABLE] Fumiaki
Hayata | Director,
Executive Vice
President | 1 year | ○ | ● | ● | ●
[TABLE] Yasuyuki
Abe | Independent
Outside
Director | 3 years | ○ | ○ | ○ | ● | ● | ●
[TABLE] Natsunosuke
Yago | Independent
Outside
Director | 3 years | ○ | ○ | ○ | ● | ● | ● | ● | ●
[TABLE] Miwako Doi | Independent
Outside
Director | ☆ | 2 years | ○ | ○ | ○ | ● | ●
[TABLE] Corporate
Auditors | Yoichi Kato | Standing
Corporate
Auditor | 4
years | 1 year | ○ | ◎ | ● | ● | ●
[TABLE] Hiromi
Tsutsumi | Standing
Corporate
Auditor | ☆ | 2 years | ○ | ○ | ● | ●
[TABLE] Shigeru
Nosaka | Independent
Outside
Corporate
Auditor | 3 years | ○ | ○ | ● | ●
[TABLE] Kyoko Okada | Independent
Outside
Corporate
Auditor | ☆ | 3 years | ○ | ○ | ● | ●
[TABLE] Yuri
Furusawa
(Newly
appointed) | Independent
Outside
Corporate
Auditor | ☆ | Newly
appointed | ○ | ○ | ● | ● | ●

[PAGE 176]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management Governance Business Operation System SUBARU has adopted a vice president system and converted the Aerospace division into an internal company in order to clarify responsibilities and accelerate the execution of business operations. In addition, the Executive Management Board Meeting (a body for preliminary deliberation of company-wide management matters before their presentation to the Board of Directors) and the Executive Meeting (a decision-making body for each business division) deliberate on matters before their discussion at meetings of the Board of Directors in order to identify issues and improve the efficiency of deliberations at meetings of the Board. Board of Directors The Board of Directors ensures fairness and transparency by performing the oversight function for overall management and makes the best decisions possible for the Company through appointment, evaluation, and resolution regarding the compensation of its CEO and other management team members, the assessment of material risks faced by the Company and the development of measures to deal with such risks, and decisions on the execution of important business of the Company. The Board takes these actions in the interest of effective corporate governance as well as sustainable growth and improvement of corporate value over the medium to long term. The Board of Directors consists of a maximum of 15 members, from within and outside of the Company, in accordance with the Articles of Incorporation. It is now composed of nine directors, including three outside directors, which was approved at the 91st Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 22, 2022. The meetings are chaired by the chairman of the Board of Directors. Meetings of the Board of Directors were held 13 times in FYE March 2022 (in addition to these, there was one written resolution passed that has been deemed equivalent to a Board of Directors’ meeting, pursuant to Article 370 of the Companies Act and the Articles of Incorporation). Number of Board of Directors’ Meetings Held and Attendance Rate (FYE March) Category 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Number of meetings held 17 16 13 12 13 Attendance rate 99.0% 98.4% 100.0% 100.0% 100.0% * In addition to the number of Board of Directors’ meetings shown in the above table, there was one written resolution passed in FYE March 2019, two in FYE March 2020, one in FYE March 2021, and one in FYE March 2022 that have been deemed equivalent to a Board of Directors’ meeting, pursuant to Article 370 of the Companies Act and the Articles of Incorporation. Attendance rates for newly appointed directors are calculated based on the number of Board of Directors’ meetings held after their appointment. Executive Nomination Meeting To ensure the fairness and transparency of decisions on executive appointment, this voluntary committee, whose membership also includes independent outside directors and based on ample deliberation, submits to the Board of Directors proposals regarding policies for the composition of the Board of Directors, the appointment or dismissal of the CEO and other top management members, and the nomination of candidates for directors and corporate auditors. It also determines and makes proposals for appointment, dismissal, and nomination for the same. The Executive Nomination Meeting was held twice in FYE March 2022, and submitted reports mainly on SUBARU’s executive structure and appointments, the division of duties of executives, and the appointment of representatives of major subsidiaries. Executive Compensation Meeting To ensure ob j ec t i v i t y and t ranspa renc y i n dec i s i ons on compensa t i on f or d i rec t or s , t he Execu t i ve Compensa t i on Mee t i ng , as a vo l un t a r y commi t t ee and on t he bas i s o f de l ega t i on by t he Boa rd o f D i rec t or s , de t e rmi nes i nd i v i dua l compensa t i on amoun t s pe r d i rec t or and o t he r i s sues a f t e r amp l e de l i be ra t i on . Whe re ma t t e r s conce rn t he execu t i ve compensa t i on s y s t em i n gene ra l , such as i t s rev i s i on , t he Boa rd o f D i rec t or s de l i be ra t es on proposa l s approved by t he Execu t i ve Compensa t i on Mee t i ng and dec i des on t hem by reso l u t i on . The Execu t i ve Compensa t i on Mee t i ng was he l d seven t imes i n FYE Ma rch 2022 , and submi t t ed rev i sed po l i c y dra f t s f or de t e rmi n i ng d i rec t or compensa t i on s y s t ems and de t a i l s o f compensa t i on f or i nd i v i dua l d i rec t or s , wh i l e dec i d i ng on pe r f ormance - l i nked compensa t i on f or d i rec t or s ( excep t f or ou t s i de d i rec t or s ) and corpora t e v i ce pres i den t s based on eva l ua t i ons and t he amoun t o f compensa t i on c l a ims i n respec t o f res t r i c t ed s t ock compensa t i on f or each i nd i v i dua l rec i p i en t . 176 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents Environment Social
from the CEO Sustainability | GGoovveerrnnaannccee | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management
[TABLE] Business Operation System
[TABLE] Business Operation System
[TABLE] SUBARU has adopted a vice president system and converted the Aerospace division into an internal company in order to
clarify responsibilities and accelerate the execution of business operations. In addition, the Executive Management Board
Meeting (a body for preliminary deliberation of company-wide management matters before their presentation to the Board of
Directors) and the Executive Meeting (a decision-making body for each business division) deliberate on matters before their
discussion at meetings of the Board of Directors in order to identify issues and improve the efficiency of deliberations at
meetings of the Board.
Board of Directors
The Board of Directors ensures fairness and transparency by performing the oversight function for overall management and
makes the best decisions possible for the Company through appointment, evaluation, and resolution regarding the
compensation of its CEO and other management team members, the assessment of material risks faced by the Company and
the development of measures to deal with such risks, and decisions on the execution of important business of the Company.
The Board takes these actions in the interest of effective corporate governance as well as sustainable growth and
improvement of corporate value over the medium to long term. The Board of Directors consists of a maximum of 15
members, from within and outside of the Company, in accordance with the Articles of Incorporation.
It is now composed of nine directors, including three outside directors, which was approved at the 91st Ordinary General
Meeting of Shareholders held on June 22, 2022. The meetings are chaired by the chairman of the Board of Directors.
Meetings of the Board of Directors were held 13 times in FYE March 2022 (in addition to these, there was one written
resolution passed that has been deemed equivalent to a Board of Directors’ meeting, pursuant to Article 370 of the
Companies Act and the Articles of Incorporation).
Number of Board of Directors’ Meetings Held and Attendance Rate
(FYE March)
Category 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Number of meetings held 17 16 13 12 13
Attendance rate 99.0% 98.4% 100.0% 100.0% 100.0%
* In addition to the number of Board of Directors’ meetings shown in the above table, there was one written resolution passed in FYE March
2019, two in FYE March 2020, one in FYE March 2021, and one in FYE March 2022 that have been deemed equivalent to a Board of Directors’
meeting, pursuant to Article 370 of the Companies Act and the Articles of Incorporation. Attendance rates for newly appointed directors
are calculated based on the number of Board of Directors’ meetings held after their appointment.
Executive Nomination Meeting
To ensure the fairness and transparency of decisions on executive appointment, this voluntary committee, whose membership
also includes independent outside directors and based on ample deliberation, submits to the Board of Directors proposals
regarding policies for the composition of the Board of Directors, the appointment or dismissal of the CEO and other top
management members, and the nomination of candidates for directors and corporate auditors. It also determines and makes
proposals for appointment, dismissal, and nomination for the same. The Executive Nomination Meeting was held twice in FYE
March 2022, and submitted reports mainly on SUBARU’s executive structure and appointments, the division of duties of
executives, and the appointment of representatives of major subsidiaries.
Executive Compensation Meeting
To ensure ob(cid:32)j(cid:32)ec(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)y and t(cid:32)ranspa(cid:32)renc(cid:32)y i(cid:32)n dec(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons on compensa(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on f(cid:32)or d(cid:32)i(cid:32)rec(cid:32)t(cid:32)or(cid:32)s(cid:32), t(cid:32)he Execu(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve Compensa(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on Mee(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng(cid:32), as a(cid:32)
vo(cid:32)l(cid:32)un(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)r(cid:32)y commi(cid:32)t(cid:32)t(cid:32)ee and on t(cid:32)he bas(cid:32)i(cid:32)s o(cid:32)f de(cid:32)l(cid:32)ega(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on by t(cid:32)he Boa(cid:32)rd o(cid:32)f D(cid:32)i(cid:32)rec(cid:32)t(cid:32)or(cid:32)s(cid:32), de(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)rmi(cid:32)nes i(cid:32)nd(cid:32)i(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)dua(cid:32)l compensa(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on amoun(cid:32)t(cid:32)s(cid:32)
pe(cid:32)r d(cid:32)i(cid:32)rec(cid:32)t(cid:32)or and o(cid:32)t(cid:32)he(cid:32)r i(cid:32)s(cid:32)sues a(cid:32)f(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)r amp(cid:32)l(cid:32)e de(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)be(cid:32)ra(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on(cid:32). Whe(cid:32)re ma(cid:32)t(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)r(cid:32)s conce(cid:32)rn t(cid:32)he execu(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve compensa(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on s(cid:32)y(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)em i(cid:32)n gene(cid:32)ra(cid:32)l(cid:32),(cid:32)
such as i(cid:32)t(cid:32)s rev(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)on(cid:32), t(cid:32)he Boa(cid:32)rd o(cid:32)f D(cid:32)i(cid:32)rec(cid:32)t(cid:32)or(cid:32)s de(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)be(cid:32)ra(cid:32)t(cid:32)es on proposa(cid:32)l(cid:32)s approved by t(cid:32)he Execu(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve Compensa(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on Mee(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng and(cid:32)
dec(cid:32)i(cid:32)des on t(cid:32)hem by reso(cid:32)l(cid:32)u(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on(cid:32).
The Execu(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve Compensa(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on Mee(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng was he(cid:32)l(cid:32)d seven t(cid:32)imes i(cid:32)n FYE Ma(cid:32)rch 2022(cid:32), and submi(cid:32)t(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed rev(cid:32)i(cid:32)sed po(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32)y dra(cid:32)f(cid:32)t(cid:32)s f(cid:32)or(cid:32)
de(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)rmi(cid:32)n(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng d(cid:32)i(cid:32)rec(cid:32)t(cid:32)or compensa(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on s(cid:32)y(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)ems and de(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)s o(cid:32)f compensa(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on f(cid:32)or i(cid:32)nd(cid:32)i(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)dua(cid:32)l d(cid:32)i(cid:32)rec(cid:32)t(cid:32)or(cid:32)s(cid:32), wh(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)e dec(cid:32)i(cid:32)d(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng on(cid:32)
pe(cid:32)r(cid:32)f(cid:32)ormance(cid:32)-(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)nked compensa(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on f(cid:32)or d(cid:32)i(cid:32)rec(cid:32)t(cid:32)or(cid:32)s ((cid:32)excep(cid:32)t f(cid:32)or ou(cid:32)t(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)de d(cid:32)i(cid:32)rec(cid:32)t(cid:32)or(cid:32)s(cid:32)) and corpora(cid:32)t(cid:32)e v(cid:32)i(cid:32)ce pres(cid:32)i(cid:32)den(cid:32)t(cid:32)s based on(cid:32)
eva(cid:32)l(cid:32)ua(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons and t(cid:32)he amoun(cid:32)t o(cid:32)f compensa(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on c(cid:32)l(cid:32)a(cid:32)ims i(cid:32)n respec(cid:32)t o(cid:32)f res(cid:32)t(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed s(cid:32)t(cid:32)ock compensa(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on f(cid:32)or each i(cid:32)nd(cid:32)i(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)dua(cid:32)l rec(cid:32)i(cid:32)p(cid:32)i(cid:32)en(cid:32)t(cid:32).
176
[TABLE] Category | 2018 | 2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022
[TABLE] Number of meetings held | 17 | 16 | 13 | 12 | 13
[TABLE] Attendance rate | 99.0% | 98.4% | 100.0% | 100.0% | 100.0%

[PAGE 177]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management Governance E f f e c t i v e n e s s E v a l u a t i o n o f t h e B o a r d o f D i r e c t o r s SUBARU ’ s Boa rd o f D i rec t or s ( BoD) ana l y zes and eva l ua t es i t s e f f ec t i venes s i n ac cordance wi t h t he Corpora t e Gove rnance Gu i de l i nes and cons i de r s and imp l emen t s improvemen t s t o addres s any i s sues i den t i f i ed . I n FYE Ma rch 2022 , t he BoD con f i rmed e f f or t s t o addres s i s sues recogn i zed i n t he prev i ous f i s ca l yea r, based on mon i t or i ng o f po i n t s ra i sed i n t he prev i ous f i s ca l yea r ’ s eva l ua t i on . I t a l so ga t he red , ana l y zed , and eva l ua t ed v i ews on i s sues f or speedy BoD d i s cus s i on and i nves t i ga t i on based on t he impac t o f t he COV ID- 19 pandemi c and drama t i c changes i n t he bus i nes s env i ronmen t sur round i ng t he au t omob i l e i ndus t r y. The resu l t s o f t h i s proces s a re repor t ed be l ow. Methods of evaluat ion and analysis (1) Timing: January 2022 (2) Respondents: Directors and corporate auditors (13 in total) (3) Process: Self-evaluation using a questionnaire prepared by a third-party body (a) Third-party body conducts anonymous self-evaluation survey of directors and corporate auditors (b) Third-party body aggregates and analyzes responses (c) BoD verifies and discusses report received from third-party body (4) Questions: I. BoD management structure II. BoD oversight function III. Shareholder dialogue IV. Views on key efforts undertaken this year V. Issues for next year onward VI. Views on other matters Respondents evaluated themselves on a four-point scale. They were also free to add their own thoughts on points of excellence relating to the BoD and points requiring enhanced BoD effectiveness, before submitting the questionnaire directly to the third-party body. Evaluation Results Based on the report received from the third-party body aggregating and analyzing results, SUBARU’s BoD discussed and confirmed the following points: As in previous fiscal years, the results confirmed that BoD management entails the conduct of free, open, and sound discussion. ・ Points confirmed as strengths in previous evaluations (chairman’s leadership, responses to cross-shareholding, and size of the BoD) continued to be evaluated highly, confirming that BoD strengths are being passed down systematically and sustained. ・ Evaluation scores greatly improved for the previous fiscal year’s issue of executive compensation system design, including incentive compensation, as a result of active discussions on the review of the executive compensation system. ・ Evaluations improved on discussions of strengthening governance and responding to social and environmental problems as a result of active discussions on responding to revisions to Japan’s Corporate Governance Code. ・ Regarding the ongoing issue of discussion of medium- to long-term management strategy, evaluation scores improved, if only slightly, as a result of careful discussion on the disclosure of our progress report for the mid-term management vision “STEP.” ・ Although evaluation scores fell regarding the risk management system, we recognize that this is due to supply chain disruptions caused by semiconductor shortages, and we have confirmed that the risk management system and its ・ The Boa rd o f Corpora t e Aud i t or s , as an i ndependen t organ i za t i on en t rus t ed by sha reho l de r s , i s respons i b l e f or ensur i ng t he sound and sus t a i nab l e growt h o f SUBARU and es t ab l i sh i ng a qua l i t y corpora t e gove rnance s y s t em t ha t can be t rus t ed by soc i e t y by pe r f ormi ng aud i t s o f t he execu t i on o f du t i es by d i rec t or s , pas s i ng reso l u t i ons on t he con t en t s o f proposa l i t ems rega rd i ng t he appo i n tmen t and d i smi s sa l , or non - reappo i n tmen t , o f ac coun t i ng aud i t or s t ha t a re t o be submi t t ed t o t he Gene ra l Mee t i ng o f Sha reho l de r s , and pe r f ormi ng bus i nes s aud i t s , ac coun t i ng aud i t s , and o t he r ma t t e r s pres c r i bed by l aws and regu l a t i ons . The body cons i s t s o f a max imum o f f i ve membe r s i n ac cordance wi t h t he Ar t i c l es o f I ncorpora t i on . I t i s now composed o f f i ve corpora t e aud i t or s , i nc l ud i ng t hree ou t s i de corpora t e aud i t or s , wh i ch was approved a t t he 91s t Ord i na r y Gene ra l Mee t i ng o f Sha reho l de r s he l d on J une 22 , 2022 . The body i s cha i red by t he s t and i ng corpora t e aud i t or. I n FYE Ma rch 2022 , 12 mee t i ngs o f t he Boa rd o f Corpora t e Aud i t or s we re he l d . Board of Corporate Audi tors 177 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social
from the CEO Sustainability | GGoovveerrnnaannccee | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management
[TABLE] Board of Corporate Audi(cid:32)tors
[TABLE] The Boa(cid:32)rd o(cid:32)f Corpora(cid:32)t(cid:32)e Aud(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)or(cid:32)s(cid:32), as an i(cid:32)ndependen(cid:32)t organ(cid:32)i(cid:32)za(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on en(cid:32)t(cid:32)rus(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed by sha(cid:32)reho(cid:32)l(cid:32)de(cid:32)r(cid:32)s(cid:32), i(cid:32)s respons(cid:32)i(cid:32)b(cid:32)l(cid:32)e f(cid:32)or ensur(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)he(cid:32)
sound and sus(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)i(cid:32)nab(cid:32)l(cid:32)e growt(cid:32)h o(cid:32)f SUBARU and es(cid:32)t(cid:32)ab(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)sh(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng a qua(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)y corpora(cid:32)t(cid:32)e gove(cid:32)rnance s(cid:32)y(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)em t(cid:32)ha(cid:32)t can be t(cid:32)rus(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed by(cid:32)
soc(cid:32)i(cid:32)e(cid:32)t(cid:32)y by pe(cid:32)r(cid:32)f(cid:32)ormi(cid:32)ng aud(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)s o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he execu(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on o(cid:32)f du(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es by d(cid:32)i(cid:32)rec(cid:32)t(cid:32)or(cid:32)s(cid:32), pas(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng reso(cid:32)l(cid:32)u(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons on t(cid:32)he con(cid:32)t(cid:32)en(cid:32)t(cid:32)s o(cid:32)f proposa(cid:32)l i(cid:32)t(cid:32)ems(cid:32)
rega(cid:32)rd(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)he appo(cid:32)i(cid:32)n(cid:32)tmen(cid:32)t and d(cid:32)i(cid:32)smi(cid:32)s(cid:32)sa(cid:32)l(cid:32), or non(cid:32)-(cid:32)reappo(cid:32)i(cid:32)n(cid:32)tmen(cid:32)t(cid:32), o(cid:32)f ac(cid:32)coun(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng aud(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)or(cid:32)s t(cid:32)ha(cid:32)t a(cid:32)re t(cid:32)o be submi(cid:32)t(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed t(cid:32)o t(cid:32)he(cid:32)
Gene(cid:32)ra(cid:32)l Mee(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng o(cid:32)f Sha(cid:32)reho(cid:32)l(cid:32)de(cid:32)r(cid:32)s(cid:32), and pe(cid:32)r(cid:32)f(cid:32)ormi(cid:32)ng bus(cid:32)i(cid:32)nes(cid:32)s aud(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)s(cid:32), ac(cid:32)coun(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng aud(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)s(cid:32), and o(cid:32)t(cid:32)he(cid:32)r ma(cid:32)t(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)r(cid:32)s pres(cid:32)c(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)bed by l(cid:32)aws(cid:32)
and regu(cid:32)l(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons(cid:32). The body cons(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)s o(cid:32)f a max(cid:32)imum o(cid:32)f f(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve membe(cid:32)r(cid:32)s i(cid:32)n ac(cid:32)cordance wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h t(cid:32)he Ar(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)c(cid:32)l(cid:32)es o(cid:32)f I(cid:32)ncorpora(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on(cid:32). I(cid:32)t i(cid:32)s now(cid:32)
composed o(cid:32)f f(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve corpora(cid:32)t(cid:32)e aud(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)or(cid:32)s(cid:32), i(cid:32)nc(cid:32)l(cid:32)ud(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)hree ou(cid:32)t(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)de corpora(cid:32)t(cid:32)e aud(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)or(cid:32)s(cid:32), wh(cid:32)i(cid:32)ch was approved a(cid:32)t t(cid:32)he 91s(cid:32)t Ord(cid:32)i(cid:32)na(cid:32)r(cid:32)y(cid:32)
Gene(cid:32)ra(cid:32)l Mee(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng o(cid:32)f Sha(cid:32)reho(cid:32)l(cid:32)de(cid:32)r(cid:32)s he(cid:32)l(cid:32)d on J(cid:32)une 22(cid:32), 2022(cid:32). The body i(cid:32)s cha(cid:32)i(cid:32)red by t(cid:32)he s(cid:32)t(cid:32)and(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng corpora(cid:32)t(cid:32)e aud(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)or. I(cid:32)n FYE Ma(cid:32)rch(cid:32)
2022(cid:32), 12 mee(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ngs o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he Boa(cid:32)rd o(cid:32)f Corpora(cid:32)t(cid:32)e Aud(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)or(cid:32)s we(cid:32)re he(cid:32)l(cid:32)d(cid:32).
[TABLE] E(cid:32)f(cid:32)f(cid:32)e(cid:32)c(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)v(cid:32)e(cid:32)n(cid:32)e(cid:32)s(cid:32)s E(cid:32)v(cid:32)a(cid:32)l(cid:32)u(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)o(cid:32)n o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)h(cid:32)e B(cid:32)o(cid:32)a(cid:32)r(cid:32)d o(cid:32)f D(cid:32)i(cid:32)r(cid:32)e(cid:32)c(cid:32)t(cid:32)o(cid:32)r(cid:32)s
SUBARU(cid:32)’(cid:32)s Boa(cid:32)rd o(cid:32)f D(cid:32)i(cid:32)rec(cid:32)t(cid:32)or(cid:32)s ((cid:32)BoD) ana(cid:32)l(cid:32)y(cid:32)zes and eva(cid:32)l(cid:32)ua(cid:32)t(cid:32)es i(cid:32)t(cid:32)s e(cid:32)f(cid:32)f(cid:32)ec(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)venes(cid:32)s i(cid:32)n ac(cid:32)cordance wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h t(cid:32)he Corpora(cid:32)t(cid:32)e Gove(cid:32)rnan(cid:32)Gceu(cid:32)i(cid:32)de(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)nes and
cons(cid:32)i(cid:32)de(cid:32)r(cid:32)s and imp(cid:32)l(cid:32)emen(cid:32)t(cid:32)s improvemen(cid:32)t(cid:32)s t(cid:32)o addres(cid:32)s any i(cid:32)s(cid:32)sues i(cid:32)den(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)f(cid:32)i(cid:32)ed(cid:32).
I(cid:32)n FYE Ma(cid:32)rch 2022(cid:32), t(cid:32)he BoD con(cid:32)f(cid:32)i(cid:32)rmed e(cid:32)f(cid:32)f(cid:32)or(cid:32)t(cid:32)s t(cid:32)o addres(cid:32)s i(cid:32)s(cid:32)sues recogn(cid:32)i(cid:32)zed i(cid:32)n t(cid:32)he prev(cid:32)i(cid:32)ous f(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)ca(cid:32)l yea(cid:32)r, based on mon(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)or(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng o(cid:32)f(cid:32)p(cid:32)io(cid:32)n(cid:32)t(cid:32)s ra(cid:32)i(cid:32)
sed i(cid:32)n t(cid:32)he prev(cid:32)i(cid:32)ous f(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)ca(cid:32)l yea(cid:32)r(cid:32)’(cid:32)s eva(cid:32)l(cid:32)ua(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on(cid:32). I(cid:32)t a(cid:32)l(cid:32)so ga(cid:32)t(cid:32)he(cid:32)red(cid:32), ana(cid:32)l(cid:32)y(cid:32)zed(cid:32), and eva(cid:32)l(cid:32)ua(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed v(cid:32)i(cid:32)ews on i(cid:32)s(cid:32)sues f(cid:32)or spee(cid:32)BdyoD d(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)cus(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)on and i(cid:32)
nves(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ga(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on based on t(cid:32)he impac(cid:32)t o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)he COV(cid:32)ID-(cid:32)19 pandemi(cid:32)c and drama(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)c changes i(cid:32)n t(cid:32)he bus(cid:32)i(cid:32)ne(cid:32)es(cid:32)nsv(cid:32)i(cid:32)ronmen(cid:32)t sur(cid:32)round(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)he au(cid:32)t(cid:32)omob(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)
e i(cid:32)ndus(cid:32)t(cid:32)r(cid:32)y. The resu(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)s o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)h(cid:32)i(cid:32)s proces(cid:32)s a(cid:32)re repor(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed be(cid:32)l(cid:32)ow.
Methods of evaluat(cid:32)ion and analysis
(1)Timing: January 2022
(2)Respondents: Directors and corporate auditors (13 in total)
(3)Process: Self-evaluation using a questionnaire prepared by a third-party body
(a)Third-party body conducts anonymous self-evaluation survey of directors and corporate auditors
(b)Third-party body aggregates and analyzes responses
(c)BoD verifies and discusses report received from third-party body
(4)Questions:
I.BoD management structure
II.BoD oversight function
III.Shareholder dialogue
IV.Views on key efforts undertaken this year
V.Issues for next year onward
VI.Views on other matters
Respondents evaluated themselves on a four-point scale. They were also free to add their own thoughts on points of
excellence relating to the BoD and points requiring enhanced BoD effectiveness, before submitting the questionnaire directly
to the third-party body.
Evaluation Results
Based on the report received from the third-party body aggregating and analyzing results, SUBARU’s BoD discussed and
confirmed the following points:
・As in previous fiscal years, the results confirmed that BoD management entails the conduct of free, open, and sound
discussion.
・Points confirmed as strengths in previous evaluations (chairman’s leadership, responses to cross-shareholding, and size of
the BoD) continued to be evaluated highly, confirming that BoD strengths are being passed down systematically and
sustained.
・Evaluation scores greatly improved for the previous fiscal year’s issue of executive compensation system design, including
incentive compensation, as a result of active discussions on the review of the executive compensation system.
・Evaluations improved on discussions of strengthening governance and responding to social and environmental problems as
a result of active discussions on responding to revisions to Japan’s Corporate Governance Code.
・Regarding the ongoing issue of discussion of medium- to long-term management strategy, evaluation scores improved, if
only slightly, as a result of careful discussion on the disclosure of our progress report for the mid-term management vision
“STEP.”
・Although evaluation scores fell regarding the risk management system, we recognize that this is due to supply chain
disruptions caused by semiconductor shortages, and we have confirmed that the risk management system and its
177

[PAGE 178]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management Governance Areas previously recognized as problematic where significant progress was acknowledged this year (1) Enhancing discussion of medium- to long-term management strategy We recognize that we have deepened the understanding of SUBARU’s business environment, especially among outside executives, through careful discussions upon the disclosure of the mid-term management vision “STEP” and ample discussions on our environmental portfolio at management discussions and social gathering events . Based on these results, we have decided to continue to address this issue, recognizing that the discussion of medium- to long-term management strategy requires further enhancement in both quality and quantity, given the lack of clarity and certainty in trends in the automobile industry. * Events for the exchange of opinions on important topics for SUBARU, held by directors and corporate auditors but not requiring resolution (2) Discussions on the executive compensation system design, including incentive compensation After active discussion in which outside executives offered constructive opinions on the compensation structure and incentive design, a decision was made to revise the compensation system to be linked to the mid-term management vision “STEP.” In response to the demands of the times regarding corporate governance and to SUBARU’s business environment, the Executive Compensation Meeting will continue to examine issues so that the executive compensation system will function as an appropriate incentive for the management team. (3) Discussions on improvement of Group governance The Group governance management system has been making steady progress every year including timely and appropriate reporting of important issues to the BoD. The BoD’s supervisory responsibility over Group governance has been increasing and it will continue with regular monitoring so as to further strengthen the management system. Future Initiatives The BoD will continue its efforts to deepen discussions of and improve the quality of medium- to long-term management strategy. With regard to risk management system and operation, the BoD will also expand discussions on the establishment of a system to appropriately address newly identified risks, in light of the increased sensitivity to risk management due to supply chain disruptions caused by semiconductor shortages. In taking these and other actions, it will strive to maintain and improve BoD effectiveness with the aim of continuing to enhance medium- to long-term corporate value and achieving sustainable growth. Results of the Questionnaire Operational Structure of the Board of Directors Supervisory Function of the Board of Directors and Dialogue with Shareholders Evaluation Items Category Diagnostic Items 1. Operational structure of the Board of Directors (1) Composition of the Board of Directors Size of the Board of Directors Composition of the Board of Directors (ratio of inside to outside directors) Composition of the Board of Directors (diversity and expertise) operation are properly established. Since four (three directors and one corporate auditor) of the 13 executives are newly appointed, and the evaluation criteria may differ for each executive, we believe that caution is required when making simple comparisons with the previous evaluation. ・ * 178 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social
from the CEO Sustainability | GGoovveerrnnaannccee | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management
[TABLE] operation are properly established.
・Since four (three directors and one corporate auditor) of the 13 executives are newly appointed, and the evaluation criteria
[TABLE] may differ for each executive, we believe that caution is required when making simple comparisons with the previous
evaluation.
Areas previously recognized as problematic where significant progress was acknowledged this
year
(1)Enhancing discussion of medium- to long-term management strategy
We recognize that we have deepened the understanding of SUBARU’s business environment, especially among outside
executives, through careful discussions upon the disclosure of the mid-term management vision “STEP” and ample
discussions on our environmental portfolio at management discussions and social gathering events*. Based on these results,
we have decided to continue to address this issue, recognizing that the discussion of medium- to long-term management
strategy requires further enhancement in both quality and quantity, given the lack of clarity and certainty in trends in the
automobile industry.
* Events for the exchange of opinions on important topics for SUBARU, held by directors and corporate auditors but not requiring resolution
(2)Discussions on the executive compensation system design, including incentive compensation
After active discussion in which outside executives offered constructive opinions on the compensation structure and incentive
design, a decision was made to revise the compensation system to be linked to the mid-term management vision “STEP.” In
response to the demands of the times regarding corporate governance and to SUBARU’s business environment, the Executive
Compensation Meeting will continue to examine issues so that the executive compensation system will function as an
appropriate incentive for the management team.
(3)Discussions on improvement of Group governance
The Group governance management system has been making steady progress every year including timely and appropriate
reporting of important issues to the BoD. The BoD’s supervisory responsibility over Group governance has been increasing
and it will continue with regular monitoring so as to further strengthen the management system.
Future Initiatives
The BoD will continue its efforts to deepen discussions of and improve the quality of medium- to long-term management
strategy. With regard to risk management system and operation, the BoD will also expand discussions on the establishment
of a system to appropriately address newly identified risks, in light of the increased sensitivity to risk management due to
supply chain disruptions caused by semiconductor shortages. In taking these and other actions, it will strive to maintain and
improve BoD effectiveness with the aim of continuing to enhance medium- to long-term corporate value and achieving
sustainable growth.
Results of the Questionnaire
Operational Structure of the Board of Directors Supervisory Function of the Board of Directors and
Dialogue with Shareholders
Evaluation Items
Category Diagnostic Items
1. Operational Composition of the
(1) Composition of Composition of the Board
structure of the Board of Directors
the Board of Size of the Board of Directors of Directors (ratio of inside
Board of (diversity and
Directors to outside directors)
Directors expertise)
178
[TABLE] Category | Diagnostic Items
[TABLE] 1. Operational
structure of the
Board of
Directors | (1) Composition of
the Board of
Directors | Size of the Board of Directors | Composition of the Board
of Directors (ratio of inside
to outside directors) | Composition of the
Board of Directors
(diversity and
expertise)

[PAGE 179]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management Governance Category Diagnostic Items (2) Operation of the Board of Directors Frequency, length, and time allocation of meetings Relevance of agenda items Quality and quantity of documents Timing of document distribution Prior explanation Content of explanations and reports (3) Decision- making process Leadership by the Chair Adequate discussion - (4) Support system for the Board of Directors Environment and systems for the provision of information Provision of information to outside directors Training of outside directors Training of inside directors - - (5) Involvement in the Board of Directors Attitude to initiatives Company-wide perspective Mutual respect Diverse values Stakeholder perspectives - 2. Supervisory functions of the Board of Directors (1) Supervisory functions of the Board of Directors Reporting system Supervision of corporate management - (2) Risk management system of the Board of Directors Risk management system Subsidiary management system Provision of information and measures to combat risk System for managing progress of response measures Penetration of compliance awareness - (3) Status of discussions by the Board of Directors Discussion of management strategy Discussion of capital policy Discussion of cross- shareholding for policy purpose Discussion of strengthening governance Response to social and environmental problems - (4) Nomination and compensation of executives Composition of the Executive Appointment Committee and Executive Compensation Committee Cultivating successors Incentive compensation 3. Dialogue with shareholders Dialogue with shareholders Sharing the views of shareholders and investors Enhancing dialogue with shareholders and investors - A p p ro ach t o the CEO Succ ession Plan SUBARU recognizes that decision making regarding top management changes and successor selection may have a critical influence on corporate value. Therefore, in order to ensure a successful succession at the right timing, we invest substantial time and resources to carefully develop and implement succession plans. In order to hand over the business to the right person, the BoD, as part of its essential duties, develops succession plans that can convince all stakeholder groups. To ensure objectivity and transparency in the process for deciding on the replacement and selection of the CEO, the BoD appropriately supervises the preparation of proposals by the current CEO through discussions at the Executive Nomination Meeting. To be able to implement succession plans appropriately, the CEO begins to prepare for selection and development of their successor candidates independently upon assuming office. Key processes for this purpose include providing information on candidates to outside directors on an ongoing basis, particularly by enabling the directors to monitor the candidates in person continuously in day-to-day business settings, as a measure to ensure appropriate and timely evaluation and selection down the road. The BoD and Executive Nomination Meeting meet on a regular basis to review the list of essential qualities and skills required of the CEO, which may include removing and adding items, in consideration of perception of current trends, changes in the business environment surrounding the Company, and the future direction of the Group’s business strategies. 179 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Mess | age on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social
from the CEO Sustainability | GGoovveerrnnaannccee | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management
[TABLE] gory Diagnostic Items
[TABLE] Cate | gory | Diagnostic Items
[TABLE] Frequency, length, and time Quality and quantity of
Relevance of agenda items
allocation of meetings documents
(2) Operation of
the Board of
Content of
Directors
Timing of document distribution Prior explanation explanations and
reports
(3) Decision-
Leadership by the Chair Adequate discussion -
making process
Environment and systems for the Provision of information to Training of outside
(4) Support system
provision of information outside directors directors
for the Board of
Directors
Training of inside directors - -
(5) Involvement in Attitude to initiatives Company-wide perspective Mutual respect
the Board of
Directors Diverse values Stakeholder perspectives -
(1) Supervisory
Supervision of corporate
functions of the Reporting system -
management
Board of Directors
Provision of
Subsidiary management information and
(2) Risk Risk management system
system measures to combat
management
risk
system of the
Board of Directors
2. Supervisory System for managing progress of Penetration of compliance
-
functions of the response measures awareness
Board of
Directors Discussion of cross-
Discussion of management strategy Discussion of capital policy shareholding for policy
(3) Status of
purpose
discussions by the
Board of Directors
Discussion of strengthening Response to social and
-
governance environmental problems
(4) Nomination and Composition of the Executive
Incentive
compensation of Appointment Committee and Cultivating successors
compensation
executives Executive Compensation Committee
3. Dialogue with Dialogue with Sharing the views of shareholders Enhancing dialogue with
-
shareholders shareholders and investors shareholders and investors | (2) Operation of
the Board of
Directors | Frequency, length, and time
allocation of meetings | Relevance of agenda items | Quality and quantity of
documents
[TABLE] Timing of document distribution | Prior explanation | Content of
explanations and
reports
[TABLE] (3) Decision-
making process | Leadership by the Chair | Adequate discussion | -
[TABLE] (4) Support system
for the Board of
Directors | Environment and systems for the
provision of information | Provision of information to
outside directors | Training of outside
directors
[TABLE] Training of inside directors | - | -
[TABLE] (5) Involvement in
the Board of
Directors | Attitude to initiatives | Company-wide perspective | Mutual respect
[TABLE] Diverse values | Stakeholder perspectives | -
[TABLE] 2. Supervisory
functions of the
Board of
Directors | (1) Supervisory
functions of the
Board of Directors | Reporting system | Supervision of corporate
management | -
[TABLE] (2) Risk
management
system of the
Board of Directors | Risk management system | Subsidiary management
system | Provision of
information and
measures to combat
risk
[TABLE] System for managing progress of
response measures | Penetration of compliance
awareness | -
[TABLE] (3) Status of
discussions by the
Board of Directors | Discussion of management strategy | Discussion of capital policy | Discussion of cross-
shareholding for policy
purpose
[TABLE] Discussion of strengthening
governance | Response to social and
environmental problems | -
[TABLE] (4) Nomination and
compensation of
executives | Composition of the Executive
Appointment Committee and
Executive Compensation Committee | Cultivating successors | Incentive
compensation
[TABLE] 3. Dialogue with
shareholders | Dialogue with
shareholders | Sharing the views of shareholders
and investors | Enhancing dialogue with
shareholders and investors | -
[TABLE] Approach to the CEO Succession Plan
SUBARU recognizes that decision making regarding top management changes and successor selection may have a critical
influence on corporate value. Therefore, in order to ensure a successful succession at the right timing, we invest substantial
time and resources to carefully develop and implement succession plans.
In order to hand over the business to the right person, the BoD, as part of its essential duties, develops succession plans that
can convince all stakeholder groups. To ensure objectivity and transparency in the process for deciding on the replacement
and selection of the CEO, the BoD appropriately supervises the preparation of proposals by the current CEO through
discussions at the Executive Nomination Meeting.
To be able to implement succession plans appropriately, the CEO begins to prepare for selection and development of their
successor candidates independently upon assuming office. Key processes for this purpose include providing information on
candidates to outside directors on an ongoing basis, particularly by enabling the directors to monitor the candidates in
person continuously in day-to-day business settings, as a measure to ensure appropriate and timely evaluation and selection
down the road.
The BoD and Executive Nomination Meeting meet on a regular basis to review the list of essential qualities and skills required
of the CEO, which may include removing and adding items, in consideration of perception of current trends, changes in the
business environment surrounding the Company, and the future direction of the Group’s business strategies.
179

[PAGE 180]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management Governance To ensure the objectivity of the successor selection process and increase the effectiveness of its supervision by the Board of Directors and Executive Nomination Meeting, it is important to have effective selection criteria in place, particularly for use by outside directors. To this end, SUBARU discloses two sets of criteria: “Abilities required of the SUBARU Group’s CEO” and “Five key qualities required of the SUBARU Group’s CEO.” These criteria serve as a guide for evaluating candidates in light of quality, competency, experience, track record, specialized expertise, personality, and other factors, which have been discussed and decided on by the Board of Directors and Executive Nomination Meeting. Abilities required of the SUBARU Group’s CEO The SUBARU Group’s CEO must be able to: properly understand the business environment surrounding SUBARU, its corporate culture and philosophy, business growth stages, and medium- to long-term management strategies and challenges; facilitate collaboration appropriately with various stakeholders; and lead all executives and employees to work together to maximize corporate value. Five key qualities required of the SUBARU Group’s CEO 1. Integrity 2. Broad perspective 3. Character 4. Tireless spirit or revolutionary leadership skills 5. Person of action E xe c u tive Officer Training Category Training Policy / Major Ongoing Programs Directors Corporate auditors Policy SUBARU provides its directors and corporate auditors on an ongoing basis with information and knowledge regarding its business activities that is necessary for them to fulfill their responsibilities to oversee and audit the management. ・Refresher courses focusing on information regarding the Companies Act and other laws and regulations related to corporate governance ・Participation in seminars and programs hosted by government agencies, Japan Federation of Economic Organizations, Japan Association of Corporate Directors, Japan Audit & Supervisory Board Members Association, etc. Outside directors Outside corporate auditors Policy SUBARU provides its outside officers on an ongoing basis with information relating to the Company’s corporate statement, corporate culture, business environment, and other matters, mainly through arranging appropriate opportunities, such as operations briefings from business divisions and factory tours, as well as creating an environment for officers to share information and exchange opinions more easily. ・The following programs are provided to outside Board members at the time of appointment and subsequently to keep them updated - Opportunities for discussions with and briefings from responsible vice presidents about the corporate statement, corporate culture, business environment, and the performance, situation, and issues of each business division/department - Inspection tours at manufacturing/R&D/distribution sites - Discussions with directors and corporate auditors on management issues - Social gathering events with directors and corporate auditors - Participation in company-wide business events, such as improvement activity debriefing sessions 180 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social
from the CEO Sustainability | GGoovveerrnnaannccee | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management
[TABLE] To ensure the objectivity of the successor selection process and increase the effectiveness of its supervision by the Board of
Directors and Executive Nomination Meeting, it is important to have effective selection criteria in place, particularly for use
[TABLE] by outside directors. To this end, SUBARU discloses two sets of criteria: “Abilities required of the SUBARU Group’s CEO” and
“Five key qualities required of the SUBARU Group’s CEO.” These criteria serve as a guide for evaluating candidates in light of
quality, competency, experience, track record, specialized expertise, personality, and other factors, which have been
discussed and decided on by the Board of Directors and Executive Nomination Meeting.
Abilities required of the SUBARU Group’s CEO
The SUBARU Group’s CEO must be able to: properly understand the business environment surrounding SUBARU, its
corporate culture and philosophy, business growth stages, and medium- to long-term management strategies and
challenges; facilitate collaboration appropriately with various stakeholders; and lead all executives and employees to
work together to maximize corporate value.
Five key qualities required of the SUBARU Group’s CEO
1.Integrity
2.Broad perspective
3.Character
4.Tireless spirit or revolutionary leadership skills
5.Person of action
[TABLE] Executive Officer Training
Category Training Policy / Major Ongoing Programs
Policy SUBARU provides its directors and corporate auditors on an ongoing basis with
information and knowledge regarding its business activities that is necessary for them to fulfill
their responsibilities to oversee and audit the management.
Directors ・Refresher courses focusing on information regarding the Companies Act and other laws and
Corporate auditors regulations related to corporate governance
・Participation in seminars and programs hosted by government agencies, Japan Federation of
Economic Organizations, Japan Association of Corporate Directors, Japan Audit & Supervisory
Board Members Association, etc.
Policy SUBARU provides its outside officers on an ongoing basis with information relating to the
Company’s corporate statement, corporate culture, business environment, and other matters,
mainly through arranging appropriate opportunities, such as operations briefings from business
divisions and factory tours, as well as creating an environment for officers to share information
and exchange opinions more easily.
・The following programs are provided to outside Board members at the time of appointment and
subsequently to keep them updated
Outside directors -Opportunities for discussions with and briefings from responsible vice presidents about the
Outside corporate auditors corporate statement, corporate culture, business environment, and the performance, situation,
and issues of each business division/department
-Inspection tours at manufacturing/R&D/distribution sites
-Discussions with directors and corporate auditors on management issues
-Social gathering events with directors and corporate auditors
-Participation in company-wide business events, such as improvement activity debriefing sessions
180
[TABLE] Category | Training Policy / Major Ongoing Programs
[TABLE] Directors
Corporate auditors | Policy SUBARU provides its directors and corporate auditors on an ongoing basis with
information and knowledge regarding its business activities that is necessary for them to fulfill
their responsibilities to oversee and audit the management.
[TABLE] ・Refresher courses focusing on information regarding the Companies Act and other laws and
regulations related to corporate governance
[TABLE] ・Participation in seminars and programs hosted by government agencies, Japan Federation of
Economic Organizations, Japan Association of Corporate Directors, Japan Audit & Supervisory
Board Members Association, etc.
[TABLE] Outside directors
Outside corporate auditors | Policy SUBARU provides its outside officers on an ongoing basis with information relating to the
Company’s corporate statement, corporate culture, business environment, and other matters,
mainly through arranging appropriate opportunities, such as operations briefings from business
divisions and factory tours, as well as creating an environment for officers to share information
and exchange opinions more easily.
[TABLE] ・The following programs are provided to outside Board members at the time of appointment and
subsequently to keep them updated
[TABLE] -Opportunities for discussions with and briefings from responsible vice presidents about the
corporate statement, corporate culture, business environment, and the performance, situation,
and issues of each business division/department
[TABLE] -Inspection tours at manufacturing/R&D/distribution sites
[TABLE] -Discussions with directors and corporate auditors on management issues
[TABLE] -Social gathering events with directors and corporate auditors
[TABLE] -Participation in company-wide business events, such as improvement activity debriefing sessions

[PAGE 181]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management Governance Category Training Policy / Major Ongoing Programs Vice Presidents Policy SUBARU gives vice presidents similar opportunities as those given to directors and corporate auditors, for the purpose of developing human resources to lead its management in the future. ・Participation in external programs aimed at fostering the mindset required for executive management and motivating self-improvement actions ・Lectures by invited experts in specified topics to share and increase literacy in the related field (legal affairs, compliance, IT, the SDGs, media response, etc.) ・Strategy-building camps for all vice presidents ・Recommendation and support for participation in appropriate external seminars and programs * Expenses to be incurred for offering the above training to directors and corporate auditors, including outside officers and vice presidents, are borne by the Company. Category Programs provided in FYE March 2022 All executives (including outside officers) ・Newly appointed directors and vice presidents participated in three-day external seminar programs One director participated in a total of five programs on corporate governance University-held public courses were offered on a voluntary and selective basis ・Classroom lectures by invited experts were held for all executives to discuss management issues (Total of seven sessions held) ・Seminars by invited experts in specified topics, including about the Companies Act, were offered via on-demand streaming (Total of two sessions held) Outside directors Outside corporate auditors ・Business-related briefings from, and discussions with, vice presidents and others ・Management roundtable discussions attended by all 13 directors and corporate auditors (two meetings, one held every six months) ・Outside directors and outside corporate auditors participated in in-house presentations and exhibits about future technologies and quality solutions D i re c to r s , A u d itors, and Executive Of ficers Directors, Corporate Auditors, and Vice Presidents Corporate Profile: Directors, Corporate Auditors, and Vice Presidents Outside Directors/Outside Corporate Auditors Nomination Criteria The outside directors are expected to perform a monitoring function independent from the management team and provide appropriate advice on management on the basis of a wide range of sophisticated knowledge. ・ The outside corporate auditors are expected to perform a management oversight function independent from the management team and undertake their role of auditing from the viewpoint of legality and appropriateness on the basis of broad and advanced knowledge. ・ SUBARU has established criteria for independence of outside officers in addition to the criteria for independence established by the Tokyo Stock Exchange, and appoints outside directors and outside corporate auditors who meet those criteria. ・ 181 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social
from the CEO Sustainability | GGoovveerrnnaannccee | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management
[TABLE] Category Training Policy / Major Ongoing Programs
[TABLE] Policy SUBARU gives vice presidents similar opportunities as those given to directors and
corporate auditors, for the purpose of developing human resources to lead its management in the
future.
・Participation in external programs aimed at fostering the mindset required for executive
management and motivating self-improvement actions
Vice Presidents
・Lectures by invited experts in specified topics to share and increase literacy in the related field
(legal affairs, compliance, IT, the SDGs, media response, etc.)
・Strategy-building camps for all vice presidents
・Recommendation and support for participation in appropriate external seminars and programs
* Expenses to be incurred for offering the above training to directors and corporate auditors, including outside officers and vice presidents,
are borne by the Company.
Category Programs provided in FYE March 2022
・Newly appointed directors and vice presidents participated in three-day external seminar
programs
One director participated in a total of five programs on corporate governance
University-held public courses were offered on a voluntary and selective basis
All executives (including outside
officers) ・Classroom lectures by invited experts were held for all executives to discuss management issues
(Total of seven sessions held)
・Seminars by invited experts in specified topics, including about the Companies Act, were offered
via on-demand streaming (Total of two sessions held)
・Business-related briefings from, and discussions with, vice presidents and others
・Management roundtable discussions attended by all 13 directors and corporate auditors (two
Outside directors
meetings, one held every six months)
Outside corporate auditors
・Outside directors and outside corporate auditors participated in in-house presentations and
exhibits about future technologies and quality solutions
[TABLE] Directors, Auditors, and Executive Officers
Directors, Corporate Auditors, and Vice Presidents
Corporate Profile: Directors, Corporate Auditors, and Vice Presidents
Outside Directors/Outside Corporate Auditors
Nomination Criteria
・The outside directors are expected to perform a monitoring function independent from the management team and provide
appropriate advice on management on the basis of a wide range of sophisticated knowledge.
・The outside corporate auditors are expected to perform a management oversight function independent from the
management team and undertake their role of auditing from the viewpoint of legality and appropriateness on the basis of
broad and advanced knowledge.
・SUBARU has established criteria for independence of outside officers in addition to the criteria for independence
established by the Tokyo Stock Exchange, and appoints outside directors and outside corporate auditors who meet those
criteria.
181
[TABLE] Category | Training Policy / Major Ongoing Programs
[TABLE] Vice Presidents | Policy SUBARU gives vice presidents similar opportunities as those given to directors and
corporate auditors, for the purpose of developing human resources to lead its management in the
future.
[TABLE] ・Participation in external programs aimed at fostering the mindset required for executive
management and motivating self-improvement actions
[TABLE] ・Lectures by invited experts in specified topics to share and increase literacy in the related field
(legal affairs, compliance, IT, the SDGs, media response, etc.)
[TABLE] ・Strategy-building camps for all vice presidents
[TABLE] ・Recommendation and support for participation in appropriate external seminars and programs
[TABLE] Category | Programs provided in FYE March 2022
[TABLE] All executives (including outside
officers) | ・Newly appointed directors and vice presidents participated in three-day external seminar
programs
One director participated in a total of five programs on corporate governance
University-held public courses were offered on a voluntary and selective basis
[TABLE] ・Classroom lectures by invited experts were held for all executives to discuss management issues
(Total of seven sessions held)
[TABLE] ・Seminars by invited experts in specified topics, including about the Companies Act, were offered
via on-demand streaming (Total of two sessions held)
[TABLE] Outside directors
Outside corporate auditors | ・Business-related briefings from, and discussions with, vice presidents and others
[TABLE] ・Management roundtable discussions attended by all 13 directors and corporate auditors (two
meetings, one held every six months)
[TABLE] ・Outside directors and outside corporate auditors participated in in-house presentations and
exhibits about future technologies and quality solutions
[TABLE] 181

[PAGE 182]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management Governance Independent Officer Status Reasons for Appointing Meeting Attendance (FYE March 2022) Significant Concurrent Positions (As of June 30, 2022) Board of Directors Board of Corporate Auditors Independent Officer Status Reasons for Appointing Meeting Attendance (FYE March 2022) Significant Concurrent Positions (As of June 30, 2022) Board of Directors Board of Corporate Auditors Outside Directors Yasuyuki Abe 〇 As representative director and senior managing executive officer of Sumitomo Corporation, Mr. Yasuyuki Abe has been involved in management in both a supervisory and executional capacity, possesses extensive experience and knowledge in business management, and has an advanced understanding of the IT field. Mr. Abe has served three years as an independent outside corporate auditor for the Company since June 2016. During his tenure, he has supervised the execution of duties conducted by directors, as well as understood the true nature of the problems facing the Company and offered his frank opinions to senior management in a timely and appropriate manner. In June 2019, Mr. Abe was appointed to the position of independent outside director and has been providing beneficial advice to the Company’s management. In light of this, the Company appointed Mr. Abe with the expectation that he will provide sufficient advice and oversight of all aspects of the Company’s management from an independent perspective as an outside director of the Company. Attended 13 of 13 meetings - Outside Director, HOYA Corporation Director, Chairman, WASEDA University Ventures, Inc. Advisor, ORANGE AND PARTNERS CO., LTD. Natsunosuke Yago 〇 Mr. Natsunosuke Yago served successively as president and representative executive officer and chairman at Ebara Corporation, and has extensive experience and knowledge in business management. Mr. Yago is especially knowledgeable in the areas of internal control and governance. In June 2019, the Company appointed him to the position of independent outside director. Given that he has been providing beneficial advice to the Company’s management based on his rich experience and wide range of knowledge, and high level of insight into the Company’s social responsibilities, we appointed Mr. Yago with the expectation that he will provide sufficient advice and oversight of all aspects of the Company’s management from an independent perspective as an outside director of the Company. Attended 13 of 13 meetings - President, Ebara Hatakeyama Memorial Foundation Outside Director, J. FRONT RETAILING Co., Ltd. ** Reasons for Appointing the Outside Officers and Major Activities 182 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social
from the CEO Sustainability | GGoovveerrnnaannccee | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management
[TABLE] Reasons for Appointing the Outside Officers and Major Activities
MMeeeettiinngg AAtttteennddaannccee
[TABLE] MMeeeettiinngg AAtttteennddaannccee
[TABLE] IInnddeeppeennddeenntt
OOffffiicceerr
SSttaattuuss** | RReeaassoonnss ffoorr AAppppooiinnttiinngg | ((FFYYEE MMaarrcchh 22002222)) | SSiiggnniiffiiccaanntt CCoonnccuurrrreenntt
PPoossiittiioonnss
((AAss ooff JJuunnee 3300,, 22002222))
[TABLE] BBooaarrdd ooff
DDiirreeccttoorrss | BBooaarrdd ooff
CCoorrppoorraattee
AAuuddiittoorrss
[TABLE] Outside
Directors | Yasuyuki
Abe | 〇 | As representative director and
senior managing executive officer
of Sumitomo Corporation, Mr.
Yasuyuki Abe has been involved in
management in both a supervisory
and executional capacity,
possesses extensive experience
and knowledge in business
management, and has an advanced
understanding of the IT field. Mr.
Abe has served three years as an
independent outside corporate
auditor for the Company since June
2016. During his tenure, he has
supervised the execution of duties
conducted by directors, as well as
understood the true nature of the
problems facing the Company and
offered his frank opinions to senior
management in a timely and
appropriate manner. In June 2019,
Mr. Abe was appointed to the
position of independent outside
director and has been providing
beneficial advice to the Company’s
management. In light of this, the
Company appointed Mr. Abe with
the expectation that he will provide
sufficient advice and oversight of
all aspects of the Company’s
management from an independent
perspective as an outside director
of the Company. | Attended
13 of 13
meetings | - | Outside Director, HOYA
Corporation
Director, Chairman,
WASEDA University
Ventures, Inc.
Advisor, ORANGE AND
PARTNERS CO., LTD.
[TABLE] Natsunosuke
Yago | 〇 | Mr. Natsunosuke Yago served
successively as president and
representative executive officer
and chairman at Ebara
Corporation, and has extensive
experience and knowledge in
business management. Mr. Yago is
especially knowledgeable in the
areas of internal control and
governance. In June 2019, the
Company appointed him to the
position of independent outside
director. Given that he has been
providing beneficial advice to the
Company’s management based on
his rich experience and wide range
of knowledge, and high level of
insight into the Company’s social
responsibilities, we appointed Mr.
Yago with the expectation that he
will provide sufficient advice and
oversight of all aspects of the
Company’s management from an
independent perspective as an
outside director of the Company. | Attended
13 of 13
meetings | - | President, Ebara
Hatakeyama Memorial
Foundation
Outside Director, J.
FRONT RETAILING Co.,
Ltd.
[TABLE] 182

[PAGE 183]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management Governance Independent Officer Status Reasons for Appointing Meeting Attendance (FYE March 2022) Significant Concurrent Positions (As of June 30, 2022) Board of Directors Board of Corporate Auditors Miwako Doi 〇 As a researcher and supervisor in the field of information technology at Toshiba Corporation, Ms. Miwako Doi has accumulated vast experience and made many achievements in this field over many years. In addition, she has held successive positions, mainly in government committees, owing to her high level of expertise and extensive experience and knowledge. In June 2020, the Company appointed her to the position of independent outside director. Given that she has been providing beneficial advice to the Company’s management for the generation of new innovation, we appointed Ms. Doi with the expectation that she will provide sufficient advice and oversight of all aspects of the Company’s management from an independent perspective as an outside director of the Company. Attended 13 of 13 meetings - Auditor, National Institute of Information and Communications Technology (NICT) (part- time) Executive Vice President, Tohoku University (part- time) Executive Director, Nara Institute of Science and Technology (part-time) Outside Director, Isetan Mitsukoshi Holdings Ltd. Outside Director, NGK Spark Plug Co., Ltd. Outside Corporate Auditors Shigeru Nosaka 〇 Mr. Shigeru Nosaka has been involved in management in both a supervisory and executional capacity as a director, executive deputy president, and deputy chairman and CFO at Oracle Corporation Japan and possesses extensive experience and knowledge in business management. In June 2019, Mr. Nosaka was appointed to the position of independent outside corporate auditor and has been providing beneficial advice to the Company’s management based on his wide range of insights into finance and accounting in corporate activities. In light of this, the Company appointed Mr. Nosaka with the expectation that he will appropriately perform the duties as an outside corporate auditor of the Company. Attended 13 of 13 meetings Attended 12 of 12 meetings Corporate Auditor, dotD, Inc. Advisor, AI Dynamics Inc. Japan Kyoko Okada 〇 Ms. Kyoko Okada has accumulated extensive experience and knowledge in areas such as CSR and corporate culture at Shiseido Co., Ltd. and has a career in management auditing as a corporate auditor at Shiseido. In June 2019, Ms. Okada was appointed to the position of independent outside corporate auditor and has been providing beneficial advice to the Company’s management based on her wide range of insights into CSR and corporate culture in corporate activities. In light of this, the Company once again appointed Ms. Okada with the expectation that she will appropriately perform the duties as an outside corporate auditor of the Company. Attended 13 of 13 meetings Attended 12 of 12 meetings Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Daio Paper Corporation Outside Director, JACCS Co., Ltd. Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member, NEC Corporation * 183 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Mess | age on Sustainability
from the CEO | The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social
Sustainability | GGoovveerrnnaannccee | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management
[TABLE] Meeting Attendance
(FYE March 2022)
Independent Significant Concurrent
[TABLE] Independent | Meeting Attendance
(FYE March 2022) | Significant Concurrent
[TABLE] Officer
Status* | Reasons for Appointing | Board of
Directors | Board of
Corporate
Auditors | Positions
(As of June 30, 2022)
[TABLE] Miwako Doi | 〇 | As a researcher and supervisor in
the field of information technology
at Toshiba Corporation, Ms.
Miwako Doi has accumulated vast
experience and made many
achievements in this field over
many years. In addition, she has
held successive positions, mainly in
government committees, owing to
her high level of expertise and
extensive experience and
knowledge. In June 2020, the
Company appointed her to the
position of independent outside
director. Given that she has been
providing beneficial advice to the
Company’s management for the
generation of new innovation, we
appointed Ms. Doi with the
expectation that she will provide
sufficient advice and oversight of
all aspects of the Company’s
management from an independent
perspective as an outside director
of the Company. | Attended
13 of 13
meetings | - | Auditor, National
Institute of Information
and Communications
Technology (NICT) (part-
time)
Executive Vice President,
Tohoku University (part-
time)
Executive Director, Nara
Institute of Science and
Technology (part-time)
Outside Director, Isetan
Mitsukoshi Holdings Ltd.
Outside Director, NGK
Spark Plug Co., Ltd.
[TABLE] Outside
Corporate
Auditors | Shigeru
Nosaka | 〇 | Mr. Shigeru Nosaka has been
involved in management in both a
supervisory and executional
capacity as a director, executive
deputy president, and deputy
chairman and CFO at Oracle
Corporation Japan and possesses
extensive experience and
knowledge in business
management. In June 2019, Mr.
Nosaka was appointed to the
position of independent outside
corporate auditor and has been
providing beneficial advice to the
Company’s management based on
his wide range of insights into
finance and accounting in
corporate activities. In light of this,
the Company appointed Mr.
Nosaka with the expectation that
he will appropriately perform the
duties as an outside corporate
auditor of the Company. | Attended
13 of 13
meetings | Attended
12 of 12
meetings | Corporate Auditor, dotD,
Inc.
Advisor, AI Dynamics Inc.
Japan
[TABLE] Kyoko Okada | 〇 | Ms. Kyoko Okada has accumulated
extensive experience and
knowledge in areas such as CSR
and corporate culture at Shiseido
Co., Ltd. and has a career in
management auditing as a
corporate auditor at Shiseido. In
June 2019, Ms. Okada was
appointed to the position of
independent outside corporate
auditor and has been providing
beneficial advice to the Company’s
management based on her wide
range of insights into CSR and
corporate culture in corporate
activities. In light of this, the
Company once again appointed
Ms. Okada with the expectation
that she will appropriately perform
the duties as an outside corporate
auditor of the Company. | Attended
13 of 13
meetings | Attended
12 of 12
meetings | Outside Audit &
Supervisory Board
Member, Daio Paper
Corporation
Outside Director, JACCS
Co., Ltd.
Outside Audit &
Supervisory Board
Member, NEC
Corporation
[TABLE] 183

[PAGE 184]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management Governance Note: In addition to the number of Board of Directors’ meetings shown in the table above, there was one written resolution that has been deemed equivalent to a Board of Directors’ meeting, pursuant to Article 370 of the Companies Act and the Articles of Incorporation. On June 17, 2019, Ms. Miwako Doi was appointed to the position of outside director at Isetan Mitsukoshi Holdings Ltd. MICARD Co. LTD., a subsidiary of Isetan Mitsukoshi Holdings, was issued an order for action by the Consumer Affairs Agency on July 8, 2019. The administrative order was issued due to misleading representation of services related to the MICARD+ GOLD card in accordance with Article 5-1 and 5-2 of the Act against Unjustifiable Premiums and Misleading Representations. An order for payment of a surcharge was issued on March 24, 2020. Ms. Doi had no beforehand knowledge of said facts. After this matter was identified, Ms. Doi has been fulfilling her responsibilities in part by pouring energies into the establishment of measures through deliberation by its Board of Directors to prevent recurrence of such incidents in the Isetan Mitsukoshi Holdings Group, which includes MICARD and its subsidiaries, and to make these facts common knowledge among all employees and to strengthen employee training. Independent Officer Status Reasons for Appointing Meeting Attendance (FYE March 2022) Significant Concurrent Positions (As of June 30, 2022) Board of Directors Board of Corporate Auditors Yuri Furusawa 〇 Ms. Yuri Furusawa has held key positions in the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism, and has been involved in the promotion of work style reform, active participation by women and diversity in the Cabinet Secretariat, as well as in the overseas business development in the private sector, giving her a broad perspective and a high level of insight. Based on this background, we expect that she will appropriately perform her duties as an outside corporate auditor of the Company from an independent standpoint. Therefore, we believe her to be qualified for the position and nominated her as an outside corporate auditor. - - Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Kubota Corporation * Independent officers: Outside directors and outside corporate auditors with no risk of a conflict of interest with general shareholders as stipulated by the stock exchange. C o m p e nsation for Directors Matters Concerning the Policy for Determining Details of Compensation for Individual Directors SUBARU deliberated and decided on the proposal of the Policy for Determining Details of Compensation for Individual Directors approved by the Executive Compensation Meeting at the Board of Directors’ meeting held on May 17, 2021. The policy is summarized below. Policy for Determining Details of Compensation for Individual Directors 1. Basic policy As a basic policy, compensation for directors of the Company is determined in view of the following items: (1) Compensation is at a level commensurate with the roles and responsibilities of directors and is appropriate, fair, and balanced. (2) The compensation structure is determined by giving consideration to providing motivation for sustained improvement in corporate performance and corporate value and securing excellent human resources. Specifically, compensation for directors is composed of basic compensation, short-term performance-linked compensation, and restricted stock compensation (for non-resident officers, phantom stock, instead of restricted stock). For outside directors, the Company pays only basic compensation in view of their roles of fulfilling monitoring and oversight functions of corporate management from an independent position. The total amount of compensation for individual directors and the levels of each compensation item are set for every position depending on difference in responsibility by utilizing the research data compiled by outside specialized agencies. * 184 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Mess | age on Sustainability
from the CEO | The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social
Sustainability | GGoovveerrnnaannccee | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management
[TABLE] Meeting Attendance
(FYE March 2022)
Independent Significant Concurrent
[TABLE] Independent | Meeting Attendance
(FYE March 2022) | Significant Concurrent
[TABLE] Officer Reasons for Appointing Positions
Board of
Status* Board of Corporate (As of June 30, 2022)
Directors
Auditors
Ms. Yuri Furusawa has held key
positions in the Ministry of Land,
Infrastructure, Transport and
Tourism, and has been involved in
the promotion of work style
reform, active participation by
women and diversity in the Cabinet
Secretariat, as well as in the
overseas business development in
Outside Audit &
the private sector, giving her a
Yuri Supervisory Board
〇 broad perspective and a high level - -
Furusawa Member, Kubota
of insight. Based on this
Corporation
background, we expect that she
will appropriately perform her
duties as an outside corporate
auditor of the Company from an
independent standpoint.
Therefore, we believe her to be
qualified for the position and
nominated her as an outside
corporate auditor.
Note: In addition to the number of Board of Directors’ meetings shown in the table above, there was one written resolution that has been
deemed equivalent to a Board of Directors’ meeting, pursuant to Article 370 of the Companies Act and the Articles of Incorporation.
On June 17, 2019, Ms. Miwako Doi was appointed to the position of outside director at Isetan Mitsukoshi Holdings Ltd. MICARD Co. LTD.,
a subsidiary of Isetan Mitsukoshi Holdings, was issued an order for action by the Consumer Affairs Agency on July 8, 2019. The
administrative order was issued due to misleading representation of services related to the MICARD+ GOLD card in accordance with
Article 5-1 and 5-2 of the Act against Unjustifiable Premiums and Misleading Representations. An order for payment of a surcharge was
issued on March 24, 2020. Ms. Doi had no beforehand knowledge of said facts. After this matter was identified, Ms. Doi has been
fulfilling her responsibilities in part by pouring energies into the establishment of measures through deliberation by its Board of
Directors to prevent recurrence of such incidents in the Isetan Mitsukoshi Holdings Group, which includes MICARD and its subsidiaries,
and to make these facts common knowledge among all employees and to strengthen employee training.
* Independent officers: Outside directors and outside corporate auditors with no risk of a conflict of interest with general shareholders as
stipulated by the stock exchange. | Officer
Status* | Reasons for Appointing | Board of
Directors | Board of
Corporate
Auditors | Positions
(As of June 30, 2022)
[TABLE] Yuri
Furusawa | 〇 | Ms. Yuri Furusawa has held key
positions in the Ministry of Land,
Infrastructure, Transport and
Tourism, and has been involved in
the promotion of work style
reform, active participation by
women and diversity in the Cabinet
Secretariat, as well as in the
overseas business development in
the private sector, giving her a
broad perspective and a high level
of insight. Based on this
background, we expect that she
will appropriately perform her
duties as an outside corporate
auditor of the Company from an
independent standpoint.
Therefore, we believe her to be
qualified for the position and
nominated her as an outside
corporate auditor. | - | - | Outside Audit &
Supervisory Board
Member, Kubota
Corporation
[TABLE] Note: In addition to the number of Board of Directors’ meetings shown in the table above, there was one written resolution that has been
deemed equivalent to a Board of Directors’ meeting, pursuant to Article 370 of the Companies Act and the Articles of Incorporation.
On June 17, 2019, Ms. Miwako Doi was appointed to the position of outside director at Isetan Mitsukoshi Holdings Ltd. MICARD Co. LTD.,
a subsidiary of Isetan Mitsukoshi Holdings, was issued an order for action by the Consumer Affairs Agency on July 8, 2019. The
administrative order was issued due to misleading representation of services related to the MICARD+ GOLD card in accordance with
Article 5-1 and 5-2 of the Act against Unjustifiable Premiums and Misleading Representations. An order for payment of a surcharge was
issued on March 24, 2020. Ms. Doi had no beforehand knowledge of said facts. After this matter was identified, Ms. Doi has been
fulfilling her responsibilities in part by pouring energies into the establishment of measures through deliberation by its Board of
Directors to prevent recurrence of such incidents in the Isetan Mitsukoshi Holdings Group, which includes MICARD and its subsidiaries,
and to make these facts common knowledge among all employees and to strengthen employee training.
[TABLE] Compensation for Directors
Matters Concerning the Policy for Determining Details of Compensation for Individual Directors
SUBARU deliberated and decided on the proposal of the Policy for Determining Details of Compensation for Individual
Directors approved by the Executive Compensation Meeting at the Board of Directors’ meeting held on May 17, 2021. The
policy is summarized below.
Policy for Determining Details of Compensation for Individual Directors
1. Basic policy
As a basic policy, compensation for directors of the Company is determined in view of the following items:
(1)Compensation is at a level commensurate with the roles and responsibilities of directors and is appropriate, fair,
and balanced.
(2)The compensation structure is determined by giving consideration to providing motivation for sustained
improvement in corporate performance and corporate value and securing excellent human resources.
Specifically, compensation for directors is composed of basic compensation, short-term performance-linked
compensation, and restricted stock compensation (for non-resident officers, phantom stock, instead of restricted
stock). For outside directors, the Company pays only basic compensation in view of their roles of fulfilling monitoring
and oversight functions of corporate management from an independent position. The total amount of compensation
for individual directors and the levels of each compensation item are set for every position depending on difference
in responsibility by utilizing the research data compiled by outside specialized agencies.
184
[TABLE] Policy for Determining Details of Compensation for Individual Directors
1. Basic policy
As a basic policy, compensation for directors of the Company is determined in view of the following items:
(1)Compensation is at a level commensurate with the roles and responsibilities of directors and is appropriate, fair,
and balanced.
(2)The compensation structure is determined by giving consideration to providing motivation for sustained
improvement in corporate performance and corporate value and securing excellent human resources.
Specifically, compensation for directors is composed of basic compensation, short-term performance-linked
compensation, and restricted stock compensation (for non-resident officers, phantom stock, instead of restricted
stock). For outside directors, the Company pays only basic compensation in view of their roles of fulfilling monitoring
and oversight functions of corporate management from an independent position. The total amount of compensation
for individual directors and the levels of each compensation item are set for every position depending on difference
in responsibility by utilizing the research data compiled by outside specialized agencies.
184

[PAGE 185]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management Governance 2. Policy for determining the amount of monetary compensation excluding performance-linked compensation (hereinafter, the “Fixed Monetary Compensation”), performance-linked compensation, and non-monetary compensation (including the policy for determining the timing or conditions for granting such compensation) (1) Policy for the Fixed Monetary Compensation Directors receive the Fixed Monetary Compensation monthly as basic compensation. The amount for individual directors is determined based on their positions, taking into consideration elements such as the business environment. (2) Policy for performance-linked compensation Directors receive short-term performance-linked compensation by cash at a certain time of the year. The specific amount is determined according to a compensation table by position prepared based on the consolidated ordinary income for the current fiscal year as a key performance indicator (KPI), adjusted according to the matrix of combined return on equity (ROE) and improved shareholders’ equity ratio, which are both performance indicators aligned with the Company’s capital policy, and for non-director executive officers, taking into consideration personnel development and the business environment. The Company will review the KPI as needed based on changes in the environment and reports from the Executive Compensation Meeting. (3) Policy for non-monetary compensation The Company grants restricted stock compensation to directors for the purpose of providing them an incentive for sustained improvement of the Company’s corporate value and further value sharing with the shareholders. Specifically, the Company grants monetary compensation claims to directors in consideration of the Company’s business performance, responsibilities of each director, and other factors, and directors make in-kind contributions of such monetary compensation claims to receive shares of the Company’s common stock. The maximum number of shares of the Company’s common stock to be granted as restricted stock compensation is 100,000 per year (including those issued to executive officers). In addition, the Company and eligible officers shall enter into a restricted stock allotment agreement that includes an overview and provisions that state (1) eligible directors shall not, for a set period of time, transfer, create a security interest on, or otherwise dispose of the shares of the Company’s common stock that have been allotted to them, and (2) the Company may acquire the said shares of its common stock without compensation if certain events occur. For non-resident officers, the Company grants, instead of issuing restricted stock compensation, phantom stock equivalent to such units, and the stock shall also be treated in accordance with the restricted stock allotment agreement. 3. Policy for determining the proportion of the Fixed Monetary Compensation, performance-linked compensation, and non-monetary compensation to the total amount of compensation, etc., for individual directors The Company shall appropriately determine the proportion of compensation by type of directors excluding outside directors in reference to the compensation levels and compensation mix of companies of a similar scale to the Company or industry peers obtained through an external research company, and in consideration of factors such as the Company’s overall salary level and social situations. The Company shall also prepare compensation tables for short-term performance-linked compensation and restricted stock compensation by officer position. With regard to revisions of the compensation table, proposals approved by the Executive Compensation Meeting are deliberated and decided on by the Board of Directors. 4. Matters concerning the determination of details of compensation, etc., for individual directors The Executive Compensation Meeting, by a resolution of and upon delegation by the Board of Directors, determines specific amounts of compensation, etc., of individual directors, following sufficient deliberation by its members including outside directors. Its authorities include the determination of specific amounts of basic compensation, short-term performance-linked compensation, and restricted stock compensation as well as their payment schedule (including phantom stock). With regard to revisions of the compensation system and other matters pertaining to compensation overall, proposals approved by the Executive Compensation Meeting are deliberated and decided on by the Board of Directors. In addition, the total amount of compensation for individual directors and the levels of each compensation item are set for every position depending on difference in responsibility by utilizing the research data compiled by outside specialized agencies. To ensure transparency and effectiveness of the executive compensation determination process, the Executive Compensation Meeting shall, by a resolution of the Board of Directors, be structured so that the majority of its members are outside directors, and its chairman shall be appointed. * As the Group started to voluntarily apply the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), this is a figure converted to consolidated ordinary income under the Japanese generally accepted accounting principles ( JGAAP). * 185 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Mess | age on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social
from the CEO Sustainability | GGoovveerrnnaannccee | GRI Content Index/ SUBA
Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustain | RU C
abilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management
[TABLE] 2. Policy for determining the amount of monetary compensation excluding performance-linked
compensation (hereinafter, the “Fixed Monetary Compensation”), performance-linked compensation,
[TABLE] and non-monetary compensation (including the policy for determining the timing or conditions for
granting such compensation)
(1)Policy for the Fixed Monetary Compensation
Directors receive the Fixed Monetary Compensation monthly as basic compensation. The amount for individual
directors is determined based on their positions, taking into consideration elements such as the business
environment.
(2)Policy for performance-linked compensation
Directors receive short-term performance-linked compensation by cash at a certain time of the year. The specific
amount is determined according to a compensation table by position prepared based on the consolidated ordinary
income for the current fiscal year* as a key performance indicator (KPI), adjusted according to the matrix of combined
return on equity (ROE) and improved shareholders’ equity ratio, which are both performance indicators aligned with
the Company’s capital policy, and for non-director executive officers, taking into consideration personnel
development and the business environment. The Company will review the KPI as needed based on changes in the
environment and reports from the Executive Compensation Meeting.
(3)Policy for non-monetary compensation
The Company grants restricted stock compensation to directors for the purpose of providing them an incentive for
sustained improvement of the Company’s corporate value and further value sharing with the shareholders.
Specifically, the Company grants monetary compensation claims to directors in consideration of the Company’s
business performance, responsibilities of each director, and other factors, and directors make in-kind contributions of
such monetary compensation claims to receive shares of the Company’s common stock. The maximum number of
shares of the Company’s common stock to be granted as restricted stock compensation is 100,000 per year (including
those issued to executive officers). In addition, the Company and eligible officers shall enter into a restricted stock
allotment agreement that includes an overview and provisions that state (1) eligible directors shall not, for a set
period of time, transfer, create a security interest on, or otherwise dispose of the shares of the Company’s common
stock that have been allotted to them, and (2) the Company may acquire the said shares of its common stock without
compensation if certain events occur.
For non-resident officers, the Company grants, instead of issuing restricted stock compensation, phantom stock
equivalent to such units, and the stock shall also be treated in accordance with the restricted stock allotment
agreement.
3. Policy for determining the proportion of the Fixed Monetary Compensation, performance-linked
compensation, and non-monetary compensation to the total amount of compensation, etc., for
individual directors
The Company shall appropriately determine the proportion of compensation by type of directors excluding outside
directors in reference to the compensation levels and compensation mix of companies of a similar scale to the
Company or industry peers obtained through an external research company, and in consideration of factors such as
the Company’s overall salary level and social situations. The Company shall also prepare compensation tables for
short-term performance-linked compensation and restricted stock compensation by officer position. With regard to
revisions of the compensation table, proposals approved by the Executive Compensation Meeting are deliberated and
decided on by the Board of Directors.
4. Matters concerning the determination of details of compensation, etc., for individual directors
The Executive Compensation Meeting, by a resolution of and upon delegation by the Board of Directors, determines
specific amounts of compensation, etc., of individual directors, following sufficient deliberation by its members
including outside directors.
Its authorities include the determination of specific amounts of basic compensation, short-term performance-linked
compensation, and restricted stock compensation as well as their payment schedule (including phantom stock). With
regard to revisions of the compensation system and other matters pertaining to compensation overall, proposals
approved by the Executive Compensation Meeting are deliberated and decided on by the Board of Directors. In
addition, the total amount of compensation for individual directors and the levels of each compensation item are set
for every position depending on difference in responsibility by utilizing the research data compiled by outside
specialized agencies.
To ensure transparency and effectiveness of the executive compensation determination process, the Executive
Compensation Meeting shall, by a resolution of the Board of Directors, be structured so that the majority of its
members are outside directors, and its chairman shall be appointed.
* As the Group started to voluntarily apply the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), this is a figure converted to
consolidated ordinary income under the Japanese generally accepted accounting principles (JGAAP).
185 | and non-monetary compensation (including the policy for determining the timing or conditions for
granting such compensation)
(1)Policy for the Fixed Monetary Compensation
Directors receive the Fixed Monetary Compensation monthly as basic compensation. The amount for individual
directors is determined based on their positions, taking into consideration elements such as the business
environment.
(2)Policy for performance-linked compensation
Directors receive short-term performance-linked compensation by cash at a certain time of the year. The specific
amount is determined according to a compensation table by position prepared based on the consolidated ordinary
income for the current fiscal year* as a key performance indicator (KPI), adjusted according to the matrix of combined
return on equity (ROE) and improved shareholders’ equity ratio, which are both performance indicators aligned with
the Company’s capital policy, and for non-director executive officers, taking into consideration personnel
development and the business environment. The Company will review the KPI as needed based on changes in the
environment and reports from the Executive Compensation Meeting.
(3)Policy for non-monetary compensation
The Company grants restricted stock compensation to directors for the purpose of providing them an incentive for
sustained improvement of the Company’s corporate value and further value sharing with the shareholders.
Specifically, the Company grants monetary compensation claims to directors in consideration of the Company’s
business performance, responsibilities of each director, and other factors, and directors make in-kind contributions of
such monetary compensation claims to receive shares of the Company’s common stock. The maximum number of
shares of the Company’s common stock to be granted as restricted stock compensation is 100,000 per year (including
those issued to executive officers). In addition, the Company and eligible officers shall enter into a restricted stock
allotment agreement that includes an overview and provisions that state (1) eligible directors shall not, for a set
period of time, transfer, create a security interest on, or otherwise dispose of the shares of the Company’s common
stock that have been allotted to them, and (2) the Company may acquire the said shares of its common stock without
compensation if certain events occur.
For non-resident officers, the Company grants, instead of issuing restricted stock compensation, phantom stock
equivalent to such units, and the stock shall also be treated in accordance with the restricted stock allotment
agreement.
3. Policy for determining the proportion of the Fixed Monetary Compensation, performance-linked
compensation, and non-monetary compensation to the total amount of compensation, etc., for
individual directors
The Company shall appropriately determine the proportion of compensation by type of directors excluding outside
directors in reference to the compensation levels and compensation mix of companies of a similar scale to the
Company or industry peers obtained through an external research company, and in consideration of factors such as
the Company’s overall salary level and social situations. The Company shall also prepare compensation tables for
short-term performance-linked compensation and restricted stock compensation by officer position. With regard to
revisions of the compensation table, proposals approved by the Executive Compensation Meeting are deliberated and
decided on by the Board of Directors.
4. Matters concerning the determination of details of compensation, etc., for individual directors
The Executive Compensation Meeting, by a resolution of and upon delegation by the Board of Directors, determines
specific amounts of compensation, etc., of individual directors, following sufficient deliberation by its members
including outside directors.
Its authorities include the determination of specific amounts of basic compensation, short-term performance-linked
compensation, and restricted stock compensation as well as their payment schedule (including phantom stock). With
regard to revisions of the compensation system and other matters pertaining to compensation overall, proposals
approved by the Executive Compensation Meeting are deliberated and decided on by the Board of Directors. In
addition, the total amount of compensation for individual directors and the levels of each compensation item are set
for every position depending on difference in responsibility by utilizing the research data compiled by outside
specialized agencies.
To ensure transparency and effectiveness of the executive compensation determination process, the Executive
Compensation Meeting shall, by a resolution of the Board of Directors, be structured so that the majority of its
members are outside directors, and its chairman shall be appointed.
* As the Group started to voluntarily apply the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), this is a figure converted to
consolidated ordinary income under the Japanese generally accepted accounting principles (JGAAP).

[PAGE 186]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management Governance Matters concerning the resolutions of the General Meetings of Shareholders on compensation, etc., for directors and corporate auditors By a resolution passed at the 85th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders, held in June 2016, the maximum total amount of annual compensation, etc., for directors is 1.2 billion yen (including a maximum 200 million yen for outside directors). The maximum total amount of monetary compensation is 200 million yen per year, within the abovementioned limitation, by a resolution passed at the 86th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders, held in June 2017. By a resolution passed at the 75th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders, held in June 2006, the maximum total amount of annual compensation, etc., for corporate auditors is 100 million yen. Matters concerning the delegation relating to the details of compensation, etc., for individual directors SUBARU has voluntarily set up the Executive Compensation Meeting in order to enhance the effective governance structure based on the existing organizational design. By the delegation resolution of the Board of Directors, the Executive Compensation Meeting determines specific compensation amounts, etc., of individual directors, following sufficient deliberation by its members including outside directors. Its authorities include the determination of specific amounts of basic compensation, short-term performance-linked compensation, and restricted stock compensation as well as their payment schedule. For restricted stock compensation, the number of shares allotted to individual directors is determined by the resolution of the Board of Directors based on decisions of the Executive Compensation Meeting. With regard to revisions of the compensation system and other matters pertaining to compensation overall, proposals approved by the Executive Compensation Meeting are deliberated and decided on by the Board of Directors. The Executive Compensation Meeting in FYE March 2022 was comprised of two representative directors and three outside directors. Its chairman was Mr. Kazuo Hosoya. To ensure transparency and effectiveness of the executive compensation determination process, the Executive Compensation Meeting shall, by a resolution of the Board of Directors, be structured so that the majority of its members are outside directors. Executive Compensation Meetings were held seven times in FYE March 2022. The body debated the compensation structure and established a policy for determining details of compensation, etc., for individual directors. It also decided on matters such as performance-linked compensation levels for directors (except for outside directors) and executive officers based on performance evaluation, and the amount of monetary compensation claims for individuals regarding restricted stock compensation. Matters concerning performance-linked compensation, etc. In the mid-term management vision “STEP” progress briefing made on May 11, 2021, SUBARU announced it aims to achieve a ratio of shareholders’ equity to total assets of 50% and to maintain a minimum ROE of 10%. In accordance with these goals, the Executive Compensation Meeting, upon authorization by the Board of Directors, decided short-term performance-linked compensation levels for directors, using the consolidated ordinary income for FYE March 2022 as the basis, making adjustment using the matrix of ROE and degrees of improvement in shareholders’ equity ratio. Short-term performance- linked compensation is not given to outside directors in view of their roles of fulfilling monitoring and oversight functions of corporate management from an independent position. * Since the SUBARU Group started to voluntarily apply the IFRS to the accounts from FYE March 2020, this figure was converted to consolidated ordinary income under the JGAAP. Performance indicators used to calculate the amount of performance-linked compensation, etc., for the fiscal period under review are as follows. Performance Indicators Results Consolidated ordinary income 111.5 billion yen ROE 3.8% Equity ratio 53.4% (up 1.3 percentage points from the previous period) Details of non-monetary compensation SUBARU grants restricted stock compensation to directors for the purpose of providing them with an incentive for sustained improvement of the Company’s corporate value and promoting further value sharing with the shareholders, and pays monetary compensation for the acquisition of these. Directors shall wholly contribute the monetary compensation claim paid as above in the form of properties contributed in kind, and shall, in return, receive shares of SUBARU’s common stock through issuance or disposal. In addition, for the issuance or disposal of shares of SUBARU’s common stock, SUBARU and * 186 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social
from the CEO Sustainability | GGoovveerrnnaannccee | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management
[TABLE] Matters concerning the resolutions of the General Meetings of Shareholders on compensation,
etc., for directors and corporate auditors
[TABLE] By a resolution passed at the 85th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders, held in June 2016, the maximum total amount
of annual compensation, etc., for directors is 1.2 billion yen (including a maximum 200 million yen for outside directors). The
maximum total amount of monetary compensation is 200 million yen per year, within the abovementioned limitation, by a
resolution passed at the 86th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders, held in June 2017.
By a resolution passed at the 75th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders, held in June 2006, the maximum total amount
of annual compensation, etc., for corporate auditors is 100 million yen.
Matters concerning the delegation relating to the details of compensation, etc., for individual
directors
SUBARU has voluntarily set up the Executive Compensation Meeting in order to enhance the effective governance structure
based on the existing organizational design. By the delegation resolution of the Board of Directors, the Executive
Compensation Meeting determines specific compensation amounts, etc., of individual directors, following sufficient
deliberation by its members including outside directors.
Its authorities include the determination of specific amounts of basic compensation, short-term performance-linked
compensation, and restricted stock compensation as well as their payment schedule. For restricted stock compensation, the
number of shares allotted to individual directors is determined by the resolution of the Board of Directors based on decisions
of the Executive Compensation Meeting. With regard to revisions of the compensation system and other matters pertaining to
compensation overall, proposals approved by the Executive Compensation Meeting are deliberated and decided on by the
Board of Directors.
The Executive Compensation Meeting in FYE March 2022 was comprised of two representative directors and three outside
directors. Its chairman was Mr. Kazuo Hosoya. To ensure transparency and effectiveness of the executive compensation
determination process, the Executive Compensation Meeting shall, by a resolution of the Board of Directors, be structured so
that the majority of its members are outside directors. Executive Compensation Meetings were held seven times in FYE March
2022. The body debated the compensation structure and established a policy for determining details of compensation, etc.,
for individual directors. It also decided on matters such as performance-linked compensation levels for directors (except for
outside directors) and executive officers based on performance evaluation, and the amount of monetary compensation claims
for individuals regarding restricted stock compensation.
Matters concerning performance-linked compensation, etc.
In the mid-term management vision “STEP” progress briefing made on May 11, 2021, SUBARU announced it aims to achieve a
ratio of shareholders’ equity to total assets of 50% and to maintain a minimum ROE of 10%. In accordance with these goals,
the Executive Compensation Meeting, upon authorization by the Board of Directors, decided short-term performance-linked
compensation levels for directors, using the consolidated ordinary income* for FYE March 2022 as the basis, making
adjustment using the matrix of ROE and degrees of improvement in shareholders’ equity ratio. Short-term performance-
linked compensation is not given to outside directors in view of their roles of fulfilling monitoring and oversight functions of
corporate management from an independent position.
* Since the SUBARU Group started to voluntarily apply the IFRS to the accounts from FYE March 2020, this figure was converted to
consolidated ordinary income under the JGAAP.
Performance indicators used to calculate the amount of performance-linked compensation, etc., for the fiscal period under
review are as follows.
Performance Indicators Results
Consolidated ordinary income 111.5 billion yen
ROE 3.8%
Equity ratio 53.4% (up 1.3 percentage points from the previous period)
Details of non-monetary compensation
SUBARU grants restricted stock compensation to directors for the purpose of providing them with an incentive for sustained
improvement of the Company’s corporate value and promoting further value sharing with the shareholders, and pays
monetary compensation for the acquisition of these. Directors shall wholly contribute the monetary compensation claim paid
as above in the form of properties contributed in kind, and shall, in return, receive shares of SUBARU’s common stock
through issuance or disposal. In addition, for the issuance or disposal of shares of SUBARU’s common stock, SUBARU and
186
[TABLE] Performance Indicators | Results
[TABLE] Consolidated ordinary income | 111.5 billion yen
[TABLE] ROE | 3.8%
[TABLE] Equity ratio | 53.4% (up 1.3 percentage points from the previous period)

[PAGE 187]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management Governance eligible directors shall enter into a restricted stock allotment agreement that includes provisions such as the one to restrict the transfer of the shares for three years after the date of allotment. Restricted stock compensation is not given to outside directors in view of their roles of fulfilling monitoring and oversight functions of corporate management from an independent position. Compensation System for Directors (excluding outside directors) Total Compensation for Directors and Corporate Auditors for FYE March 2022 Classification Number Total Compensation (Millions of yen) Basic Compensation (Paid in fixed monthly installments) Short-term Performance-linked Compensation Restricted Stock Compensation Directors (excluding outside directors) 9 294 51 52 397 Corporate auditors (excluding outside corporate auditors) 3 56 - - 56 Outside directors and outside corporate auditors 5 59 - - 59 Total 17 409 51 52 512 *1 Figures in the above table include three internal directors and an internal corporate auditor who resigned before the last day of the fiscal year under review. At the end of the year, there were nine directors, including three outside directors, and four corporate auditors, including two outside corporate auditors. *2 The restricted stock compensation in the above table includes the amount of phantom stock expense recorded for grants to non- residents. Revision of Executive Compensation in FYE March 2023 With resolution of the 91st Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 22, 2022, SUBARU has revised the compensation system for its directors and vice presidents (excluding outside directors, hereinafter referred to as “directors, etc.”), effective from FYE March 2023 as follows. This revision was carried out in order to provide incentives to directors, etc., for sustained improvement of SUBARU’s corporate value over the medium to long term and to promote further value sharing with shareholders. a. Purpose of revising the executive compensation system The Company is revising the compensation structure by enhancing the link between performance and compensation and raising the ratio of stock compensation, as well as adding a variable compensation type (PSU ) that is linked to the degree of achievement of performance targets, to the number of shares granted for a portion of the stock compensation plan. This aims to accelerate the achievement of the priority initiatives listed in the mid-term management vision “STEP” and further stimulate motivation and morale of directors, etc., for contributing to the improvement of the SUBARU Group’s performance and corporate value over the medium to long term. * Performance share unit b. Overview of revisions to the executive compensation system (I) Composition of compensation The ratio of compensation for the Representative Director, President and CEO will be set as 45% for basic compensation, 30% for annual performance-linked compensation, and 25% for restricted stock compensation (15% for variable compensation type (PSU) + 10% for fixed compensation type (RS )) upon achievement of the KPIs set forth in "STEP." As before, outside directors will only receive basic compensation. * Restricted stock * * 187 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social
from the CEO Sustainability | GGoovveerrnnaannccee | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management
[TABLE] eligible directors shall enter into a restricted stock allotment agreement that includes provisions such as the one to restrict
the transfer of the shares for three years after the date of allotment.
[TABLE] Restricted stock compensation is not given to outside directors in view of their roles of fulfilling monitoring and oversight
functions of corporate management from an independent position.
Compensation System for Directors (excluding outside directors)
Total Compensation for Directors and Corporate Auditors for FYE March 2022
Total Compensation (Millions of yen)
Classification Number Basic Compensation Short-term
Restricted Stock
(Paid in fixed monthly Performance-linked
Compensation
installments) Compensation
Directors
9 294 51 52 397
(excluding outside directors)
Corporate auditors
(excluding outside corporate 3 56 - - 56
auditors)
Outside directors and outside
5 59 - - 59
corporate auditors
Total 17 409 51 52 512
*1 Figures in the above table include three internal directors and an internal corporate auditor who resigned before the last day of the fiscal
year under review. At the end of the year, there were nine directors, including three outside directors, and four corporate auditors,
including two outside corporate auditors.
*2 The restricted stock compensation in the above table includes the amount of phantom stock expense recorded for grants to non-
residents.
Revision of Executive Compensation in FYE March 2023
With resolution of the 91st Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 22, 2022, SUBARU has revised the
compensation system for its directors and vice presidents (excluding outside directors, hereinafter referred to as “directors,
etc.”), effective from FYE March 2023 as follows. This revision was carried out in order to provide incentives to directors, etc.,
for sustained improvement of SUBARU’s corporate value over the medium to long term and to promote further value sharing
with shareholders.
a. Purpose of revising the executive compensation system
The Company is revising the compensation structure by enhancing the link between performance and compensation and
raising the ratio of stock compensation, as well as adding a variable compensation type (PSU*) that is linked to the degree of
achievement of performance targets, to the number of shares granted for a portion of the stock compensation plan. This
aims to accelerate the achievement of the priority initiatives listed in the mid-term management vision “STEP” and further
stimulate motivation and morale of directors, etc., for contributing to the improvement of the SUBARU Group’s performance
and corporate value over the medium to long term.
* Performance share unit
b. Overview of revisions to the executive compensation system
(I)Composition of compensation
The ratio of compensation for the Representative Director, President and CEO will be set as 45% for basic compensation, 30%
for annual performance-linked compensation, and 25% for restricted stock compensation (15% for variable compensation
type (PSU) + 10% for fixed compensation type (RS*)) upon achievement of the KPIs set forth in "STEP."
As before, outside directors will only receive basic compensation.
* Restricted stock
187
[TABLE] Classification | Number | Total Compensation (Millions of yen)
[TABLE] Basic Compensation
(Paid in fixed monthly
installments) | Short-term
Performance-linked
Compensation | Restricted Stock
Compensation
[TABLE] Directors
(excluding outside directors) | 9 | 294 | 51 | 52 | 397
[TABLE] Corporate auditors
(excluding outside corporate
auditors) | 3 | 56 | - | - | 56
[TABLE] Outside directors and outside
corporate auditors | 5 | 59 | - | - | 59
[TABLE] Total | 17 | 409 | 51 | 52 | 512

[PAGE 188]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management Governance Compensation System for Directors (Representative Director, President and CEO) after revisions (II) Annual performance-linked bonuses (Short-term incentive) We have set a compensation table more closely linking compensation to annual performance the higher the rank, based on the KPI of consolidated profit before tax for the fiscal year under review. Based on this table, cash compensation is paid at a certain time of each year. For executive vice presidents, senior vice presidents, and vice presidents, specific amounts will be determined after taking into consideration performance and level of contribution to human resource development. Such compensation will not be paid to outside directors. (III) Restricted stock compensation (Medium- and long-term incentive) As of FYE March 2018, SUBARU has introduced fixed compensation type restricted stock (RS) compensation to directors, etc., for the purpose of providing them an incentive for sustained improvement of the Company’s corporate value over the medium to long term and further value sharing with the shareholders. In order to encourage the achievement of the goals in the SUBARU Group’s mid-term management vision, we have added variable compensation type (PSU) restricted stock to the compensation structure to increase the weight of stock compensation. In addition, the KPIs for the variable compensation type (PSU) will be reviewed in conjunction with updates to the mid-term management plans and management indicators. For this revision, consolidated ROE will be used for quantitative (financial) evaluation and employee engagement (employee satisfaction evaluation) will be used for qualitative (non-financial) evaluation, with the goal of achieving the priority initiatives in STEP. Such compensation will not be paid to outside directors. Policy for Determining Details of Compensation for Individual Directors 1. Basic policy As a basic policy, compensation for directors of the Company is determined in view of the following items: (1) Compensation is at a level commensurate with the roles and responsibilities of directors and is appropriate, fair, and balanced. (2) The compensation structure is determined by giving consideration to providing motivation for sustained improvement in corporate performance and corporate value and securing excellent human resources. Specifically, for directors (excluding outside directors), compensation is composed of basic compensation, annual performance-linked bonus, and restricted stock compensation (for non-residents, phantom stock instead of restricted stock). For outside directors, the Company pays only basic compensation in view of their roles of fulfilling monitoring and oversight functions of corporate management from an independent position. The total amount of compensation for individual directors and the levels of each compensation item are set for every position depending on difference in responsibility by utilizing the research data compiled by outside specialized agencies. 2. Policy for determining the amount of monetary compensation excluding performance-linked compensation (hereinafter, the “Fixed Monetary Compensation”), performance-linked compensation, and non-monetary compensation (including the policy for determining the timing or conditions for granting such compensation) (1) Policy for the Fixed Monetary Compensation Directors receive the Fixed Monetary Compensation monthly as basic compensation. The amount for individual directors is determined based on their positions, taking into consideration elements such as the business environment. (2) Policy for performance-linked compensation For annual performance-linked bonus for directors (excluding outside directors), we have set a compensation table based on rank and the KPI of consolidated profit before tax for the fiscal year under review. Based on this table, cash compensation is paid at a certain time of each year. In addition, in order to encourage the achievement of goals in the Group’s medium- to long-term strategy, a portion of restricted stock compensation (described in (3) below) to be granted as non-monetary compensation will be PSUs, where the number of shares granted is linked to the degree to performance target achievement. In addition to consolidated ROE, which is the financial indicator emphasized in our medium-term strategy, we will adopt employee 188 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social
from the CEO Sustainability | GGoovveerrnnaannccee | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management
[TABLE] Compensation System for Directors (Representative Director, President and CEO) after revisions
[TABLE] (II)Annual performance-linked bonuses (Short-term incentive)
We have set a compensation table more closely linking compensation to annual performance the higher the rank, based on
the KPI of consolidated profit before tax for the fiscal year under review. Based on this table, cash compensation is paid at a
certain time of each year. For executive vice presidents, senior vice presidents, and vice presidents, specific amounts will be
determined after taking into consideration performance and level of contribution to human resource development. Such
compensation will not be paid to outside directors.
(III)Restricted stock compensation (Medium- and long-term incentive)
As of FYE March 2018, SUBARU has introduced fixed compensation type restricted stock (RS) compensation to directors, etc.,
for the purpose of providing them an incentive for sustained improvement of the Company’s corporate value over the medium
to long term and further value sharing with the shareholders.
In order to encourage the achievement of the goals in the SUBARU Group’s mid-term management vision, we have added
variable compensation type (PSU) restricted stock to the compensation structure to increase the weight of stock
compensation. In addition, the KPIs for the variable compensation type (PSU) will be reviewed in conjunction with updates to
the mid-term management plans and management indicators. For this revision, consolidated ROE will be used for quantitative
(financial) evaluation and employee engagement (employee satisfaction evaluation) will be used for qualitative (non-financial)
evaluation, with the goal of achieving the priority initiatives in STEP. Such compensation will not be paid to outside directors.
Policy for Determining Details of Compensation for Individual Directors
1. Basic policy
As a basic policy, compensation for directors of the Company is determined in view of the following items:
(1)Compensation is at a level commensurate with the roles and responsibilities of directors and is appropriate, fair,
and balanced.
(2)The compensation structure is determined by giving consideration to providing motivation for sustained
improvement in corporate performance and corporate value and securing excellent human resources.
Specifically, for directors (excluding outside directors), compensation is composed of basic compensation, annual
performance-linked bonus, and restricted stock compensation (for non-residents, phantom stock instead of restricted
stock). For outside directors, the Company pays only basic compensation in view of their roles of fulfilling monitoring
and oversight functions of corporate management from an independent position. The total amount of compensation
for individual directors and the levels of each compensation item are set for every position depending on difference
in responsibility by utilizing the research data compiled by outside specialized agencies.
2. Policy for determining the amount of monetary compensation excluding performance-linked
compensation (hereinafter, the “Fixed Monetary Compensation”), performance-linked compensation,
and non-monetary compensation (including the policy for determining the timing or conditions for
granting such compensation)
(1)Policy for the Fixed Monetary Compensation
Directors receive the Fixed Monetary Compensation monthly as basic compensation. The amount for individual
directors is determined based on their positions, taking into consideration elements such as the business
environment.
(2)Policy for performance-linked compensation
For annual performance-linked bonus for directors (excluding outside directors), we have set a compensation table
based on rank and the KPI of consolidated profit before tax for the fiscal year under review. Based on this table, cash
compensation is paid at a certain time of each year.
In addition, in order to encourage the achievement of goals in the Group’s medium- to long-term strategy, a portion
of restricted stock compensation (described in (3) below) to be granted as non-monetary compensation will be PSUs,
where the number of shares granted is linked to the degree to performance target achievement. In addition to
consolidated ROE, which is the financial indicator emphasized in our medium-term strategy, we will adopt employee
188
[TABLE] Policy for Determining Details of Compensation for Individual Directors
1. Basic policy
As a basic policy, compensation for directors of the Company is determined in view of the following items:
(1)Compensation is at a level commensurate with the roles and responsibilities of directors and is appropriate, fair,
and balanced.
(2)The compensation structure is determined by giving consideration to providing motivation for sustained
improvement in corporate performance and corporate value and securing excellent human resources.
Specifically, for directors (excluding outside directors), compensation is composed of basic compensation, annual
performance-linked bonus, and restricted stock compensation (for non-residents, phantom stock instead of restricted
stock). For outside directors, the Company pays only basic compensation in view of their roles of fulfilling monitoring
and oversight functions of corporate management from an independent position. The total amount of compensation
for individual directors and the levels of each compensation item are set for every position depending on difference
in responsibility by utilizing the research data compiled by outside specialized agencies.
2. Policy for determining the amount of monetary compensation excluding performance-linked
compensation (hereinafter, the “Fixed Monetary Compensation”), performance-linked compensation,
and non-monetary compensation (including the policy for determining the timing or conditions for
granting such compensation)
(1)Policy for the Fixed Monetary Compensation
Directors receive the Fixed Monetary Compensation monthly as basic compensation. The amount for individual
directors is determined based on their positions, taking into consideration elements such as the business
environment.
(2)Policy for performance-linked compensation
For annual performance-linked bonus for directors (excluding outside directors), we have set a compensation table
based on rank and the KPI of consolidated profit before tax for the fiscal year under review. Based on this table, cash
compensation is paid at a certain time of each year.
In addition, in order to encourage the achievement of goals in the Group’s medium- to long-term strategy, a portion
of restricted stock compensation (described in (3) below) to be granted as non-monetary compensation will be PSUs,
where the number of shares granted is linked to the degree to performance target achievement. In addition to
consolidated ROE, which is the financial indicator emphasized in our medium-term strategy, we will adopt employee
188

[PAGE 189]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management Governance engagement as a non-financial KPI for these PSUs. The Company will review the KPIs for annual performance-linked bonus and PSUs as needed based on changes in the environment and reports from the Executive Compensation Meeting. (3) Policy for non-monetary compensation The Company grants restricted stock compensation to directors (excluding outside directors) for the purpose of providing them an incentive for sustained improvement of the Company’s corporate value and further value sharing with the shareholders. For restricted stock compensation, a portion shall be provided as the fixed compensation type, with the rest as the variable compensation type. Both of these shall be prohibited from being transferred during the recipient’s term of office, and this restriction on transfer shall be lifted upon their retirement. For fixed compensation type restricted stock (RS) compensation, shares of the Company’s common stock are granted at a certain time each year at an amount equivalent to a base amount determined in consideration of the Company’s business performance, responsibilities of each director, and other factors. For variable compensation type restricted stock compensation (PSUs), units (one unit = one share) are granted at a certain time each year at an amount equivalent to a base amount determined in consideration of the Company’s business performance, responsibilities of each director, and other factors. After an evaluation period, shares of the Company’s common stock are granted at an amount equivalent to the number of units multiplied by a payout ratio (50% to 100%) determined in accordance with achievement levels for performance indicator targets. The maximum number of shares of the Company’s common stock to be granted as restricted stock compensation to directors, for RS and PSUs combined, is 150,000 per year. In addition, the Company and its directors shall enter into a restricted stock allotment agreement that includes an overview and provisions that state (1) Company executives shall not, while they serve in their positions as executives and for a set period of time, transfer, create a security interest on, or otherwise dispose of the shares of the Company’s common stock that have been allotted to them, and (2) the Company may acquire the said shares of its common stock without compensation if certain events occur. If a director is a non-resident of Japan at the time shares are granted, the Company shall grant phantom stock in place of and equivalent to the restricted stock compensation that would have been granted, and the stock shall also be treated in accordance with the restricted stock allotment agreement. 3. Policy for determining the proportion of the Fixed Monetary Compensation, performance-linked compensation, and non-monetary compensation to the total amount of compensation, etc., for individual directors The Company has set the following as a general guideline for proportions of compensation by type for directors (excluding outside directors) in reference to the compensation levels and compensation mix of companies of a similar scale to the Company or industry peers obtained through an external research company, and in consideration of factors such as the Company’s overall salary level and social situations (performance-based compensation is a proportion of the base amount). Breakdown Rate Basic compensation Annual performance-linked compensation Restricted stock compensation President Directors other than the President RS PSU Fixed monetary compensation ● 45% 50% Performance-linked compensation ● ● 45% 40% Non-monetary compensation ● ● 25% 20% The Company shall appropriately review the compensation level and compensation mix in consideration of the Company’s business environment, as well as the situation of companies of a similar scale to the Company or industry peers, and other circumstances based on reports from the Executive Compensation Meeting. 4. Matters concerning the determination of details of compensation, etc., for individual directors The Executive Compensation Meeting, by a resolution of and upon delegation by the Board of Directors, determines specific amounts of compensation, etc., of individual directors, following sufficient deliberation by its members including outside directors. Its authorities include the determination of specific amounts of basic compensation, annual performance-linked bonus, and restricted stock compensation as well as their payment schedule. For restricted stock compensation, the number of shares allotted to individual directors is determined by the resolution of the Board of Directors based on decisions of the Executive Compensation Meeting. With regard to revisions of the compensation system and other matters pertaining to compensation overall, proposals approved by the Executive Compensation Meeting are deliberated and decided on by the Board of Directors. To ensure transparency and effectiveness of the executive compensation determination process, the Executive 189 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Mess | age on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social
from the CEO Sustainability | GGoovveerrnnaannccee | GRI Content Index/ SUBA
Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustain | RU C
abilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management
[TABLE] engagement as a non-financial KPI for these PSUs.
The Company will review the KPIs for annual performance-linked bonus and PSUs as needed based on changes in the
[TABLE] environment and reports from the Executive Compensation Meeting.
(3)Policy for non-monetary compensation
The Company grants restricted stock compensation to directors (excluding outside directors) for the purpose of
providing them an incentive for sustained improvement of the Company’s corporate value and further value sharing
with the shareholders. For restricted stock compensation, a portion shall be provided as the fixed compensation type,
with the rest as the variable compensation type. Both of these shall be prohibited from being transferred during the
recipient’s term of office, and this restriction on transfer shall be lifted upon their retirement.
For fixed compensation type restricted stock (RS) compensation, shares of the Company’s common stock are granted
at a certain time each year at an amount equivalent to a base amount determined in consideration of the Company’s
business performance, responsibilities of each director, and other factors.
For variable compensation type restricted stock compensation (PSUs), units (one unit = one share) are granted at a
certain time each year at an amount equivalent to a base amount determined in consideration of the Company’s
business performance, responsibilities of each director, and other factors. After an evaluation period, shares of the
Company’s common stock are granted at an amount equivalent to the number of units multiplied by a payout ratio
(50% to 100%) determined in accordance with achievement levels for performance indicator targets.
The maximum number of shares of the Company’s common stock to be granted as restricted stock compensation to
directors, for RS and PSUs combined, is 150,000 per year. In addition, the Company and its directors shall enter into a
restricted stock allotment agreement that includes an overview and provisions that state (1) Company executives shall
not, while they serve in their positions as executives and for a set period of time, transfer, create a security interest
on, or otherwise dispose of the shares of the Company’s common stock that have been allotted to them, and (2) the
Company may acquire the said shares of its common stock without compensation if certain events occur. If a director
is a non-resident of Japan at the time shares are granted, the Company shall grant phantom stock in place of and
equivalent to the restricted stock compensation that would have been granted, and the stock shall also be treated in
accordance with the restricted stock allotment agreement.
3. Policy for determining the proportion of the Fixed Monetary Compensation, performance-linked
compensation, and non-monetary compensation to the total amount of compensation, etc., for
individual directors
The Company has set the following as a general guideline for proportions of compensation by type for directors
(excluding outside directors) in reference to the compensation levels and compensation mix of companies of a similar
scale to the Company or industry peers obtained through an external research company, and in consideration of
factors such as the Company’s overall salary level and social situations (performance-based compensation is a
proportion of the base amount).
Breakdown Rate
Restricted stock
Basic Annual performance-linked compensation Directors other
President
compensation compensation than the President
RS PSU
Fixed monetary
● 45% 50%
compensation
Performance-linked
● ● 45% 40%
compensation
Non-monetary
● ● 25% 20%
compensation
The Company shall appropriately review the compensation level and compensation mix in consideration of the
Company’s business environment, as well as the situation of companies of a similar scale to the Company or industry
peers, and other circumstances based on reports from the Executive Compensation Meeting.
4. Matters concerning the determination of details of compensation, etc., for individual directors
The Executive Compensation Meeting, by a resolution of and upon delegation by the Board of Directors, determines
specific amounts of compensation, etc., of individual directors, following sufficient deliberation by its members
including outside directors. Its authorities include the determination of specific amounts of basic compensation,
annual performance-linked bonus, and restricted stock compensation as well as their payment schedule. For
restricted stock compensation, the number of shares allotted to individual directors is determined by the resolution
of the Board of Directors based on decisions of the Executive Compensation Meeting. With regard to revisions of the
compensation system and other matters pertaining to compensation overall, proposals approved by the Executive
Compensation Meeting are deliberated and decided on by the Board of Directors.
To ensure transparency and effectiveness of the executive compensation determination process, the Executive
189
[TABLE] Breakdown | Rate
[TABLE] Basic
compensation | Annual performance-linked
compensation | Restricted stock
compensation | President | Directors other
than the President
[TABLE] RS | PSU
[TABLE] Fixed monetary
compensation | ● | 45% | 50%
[TABLE] Performance-linked
compensation | ● | ● | 45% | 40%
[TABLE] Non-monetary
compensation | ● | ● | 25% | 20%

[PAGE 190]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management Governance Compensation Meeting shall, by a resolution of the Board of Directors, be structured so that the majority of its members are outside directors, and its chairman shall be appointed by a resolution of the Board of Directors. P rev e n ti ng Conflicts of Interest The approval of the Board of Directors is obtained in advance where a transaction poses the risk of a conflict of interest. A report on the positions that each director has held concurrently over the past financial year is provided once a year at the April meeting of the Board of Directors (a report to confirm that there have been no improper transactions or positions held). Auditing Auditing by Corporate Auditors SUBARU has formulated internal rules to ensure the effectiveness of corporate auditors’ audits (e.g., Standards for Corporate Auditor’s Audit) and developed a whistleblowing system. In this way, the Company established a framework where the corporate auditors can gather information from directors and employees as needed in case of matters that may cause significant damages to the Company, significant violation of laws/the Articles of Incorporation, or other significant compliance matters. In addition, the framework ensures smooth performance of corporate auditors’ duties by assigning employees independent from directors to support duties of corporate auditors and making them known to all employees. In FYE March 2022, audits focused on (1) the status of risk management promotion, (2) the Group governance system, and (3) the progress of the mid-term management vision “STEP.” These confirmed the soundness of efforts to resolve overall management issues including governance at each department and Group company. Main Initiatives 1) Confirming management monitoring and execution In accordance with audit plans by corporate auditors, each corporate auditor attends important meetings, including those of the Board of Directors, Executive Management Board Meeting, and Risk Management and Compliance Committee. When in attendance, they monitor management decision-making processes, seek explanations as necessary, and actively express their opinions. Through exchanges of opinions with directors, vice presidents, and others, as well as site visits to major business establishments and Group companies, corporate auditors also confirmed the status of business execution including the maintenance and operation of internal controls, with a focus on priority audit items. We also ensure the effectiveness of audits by utilizing remote methods, such as online meetings, as necessary and appropriate. 2) Meetings with departments related to internal controls The Legal Department and the Risk Management and Compliance Office report monthly on compliance concerns including the operation of the whistleblowing system, and human resource departments report regularly on the status of issues such as disciplinary cases and industrial accidents. In addition, the Company receives reports from the departments in charge of managing subsidiaries on the status of governance and internal controls for subsidiaries as appropriate. 3) Cooperation in the three-party audit system The Company holds monthly audit report meetings with the Internal Audit Department, receives reports on all internal audit results, and exchanges information and opinions on internal control issues. We also receive quarterly reports from the accounting auditors on the status of accounting audits and exchange opinions with them as necessary on major matters for consideration in audits and other subjects, thereby ensuring close mutual cooperation in the three-party audit system. In addition, we hold meetings to exchange opinions and share information with corporate auditors of Group companies as appropriate, and we also seek to collaborate with these corporate auditors by requesting their attendance at site visits of their respective Group companies. 190 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Mess | age on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social
from the CEO Sustainability | GGoovveerrnnaannccee | GRI Content Index/ SUBA
Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustain | RU C
abilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management
[TABLE] Compensation Meeting shall, by a resolution of the Board of Directors, be structured so that the majority of its
members are outside directors, and its chairman shall be appointed by a resolution of the Board of Directors.
[TABLE] Preventing Conflicts of Interest
The approval of the Board of Directors is obtained in advance where a transaction poses the risk of a conflict of interest. A
report on the positions that each director has held concurrently over the past financial year is provided once a year at the
April meeting of the Board of Directors (a report to confirm that there have been no improper transactions or positions held).
[TABLE] Auditing
Auditing by Corporate Auditors
SUBARU has formulated internal rules to ensure the effectiveness of corporate auditors’ audits (e.g., Standards for Corporate
Auditor’s Audit) and developed a whistleblowing system. In this way, the Company established a framework where the
corporate auditors can gather information from directors and employees as needed in case of matters that may cause
significant damages to the Company, significant violation of laws/the Articles of Incorporation, or other significant
compliance matters. In addition, the framework ensures smooth performance of corporate auditors’ duties by assigning
employees independent from directors to support duties of corporate auditors and making them known to all employees.
In FYE March 2022, audits focused on (1) the status of risk management promotion, (2) the Group governance system, and (3)
the progress of the mid-term management vision “STEP.” These confirmed the soundness of efforts to resolve overall
management issues including governance at each department and Group company.
Main Initiatives
1)Confirming management monitoring and execution
In accordance with audit plans by corporate auditors, each corporate auditor attends important meetings, including those of
the Board of Directors, Executive Management Board Meeting, and Risk Management and Compliance Committee. When in
attendance, they monitor management decision-making processes, seek explanations as necessary, and actively express their
opinions. Through exchanges of opinions with directors, vice presidents, and others, as well as site visits to major business
establishments and Group companies, corporate auditors also confirmed the status of business execution including the
maintenance and operation of internal controls, with a focus on priority audit items.
We also ensure the effectiveness of audits by utilizing remote methods, such as online meetings, as necessary and
appropriate.
2)Meetings with departments related to internal controls
The Legal Department and the Risk Management and Compliance Office report monthly on compliance concerns including the
operation of the whistleblowing system, and human resource departments report regularly on the status of issues such as
disciplinary cases and industrial accidents.
In addition, the Company receives reports from the departments in charge of managing subsidiaries on the status of
governance and internal controls for subsidiaries as appropriate.
3)Cooperation in the three-party audit system
The Company holds monthly audit report meetings with the Internal Audit Department, receives reports on all internal audit
results, and exchanges information and opinions on internal control issues.
We also receive quarterly reports from the accounting auditors on the status of accounting audits and exchange opinions
with them as necessary on major matters for consideration in audits and other subjects, thereby ensuring close mutual
cooperation in the three-party audit system.
In addition, we hold meetings to exchange opinions and share information with corporate auditors of Group companies as
appropriate, and we also seek to collaborate with these corporate auditors by requesting their attendance at site visits of
their respective Group companies.
190

[PAGE 191]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management Governance Based on the findings confirmed through the above audit activities, we capture a range of opportunities to engage with the business execution side, including exchanges of opinions with all corporate auditors, the chair of the Board of Directors, and the representative directors, and at Group company presidents’ meetings. Through these activities, we share information and provide necessary advice and recommendations for the resolution of important management issues, including the strengthening of Group governance. Internal Auditing SUBARU has established the Audit Department (15 members) that reports directly to the President as an internal auditing organization. This organization evaluates the state of the development and operation of internal controls with regard to business execution at SUBARU and its Group companies in Japan and overseas from an independent and objective standpoint, providing advice and proposals for improvement. The Audit Department systematically conducts audits of business execution in accordance with an annual business audit plan prepared at the beginning of each fiscal year, taking into consideration the risks and internal control status of the entire Group. Audit reports are distributed to all directors, corporate auditors, and relevant departments at the same time as reports are directly made to the President. In parallel with this, reports are also made at semi-annual meetings of the Board of Directors and quarterly at joint meetings consisting of all vice presidents. SUBARU’s Audit Department and corporate auditors work together to strengthen audit functions, as described in “Cooperation in the three-party audit system” above. In addition, we strive to strengthen audit functions by sharing information with the accounting auditors on audit plans and audit results on a quarterly basis. In addition, the internal Audit Department periodically undergoes an evaluation by external experts to confirm that the audit operations are being performed appropriately. I nternal Control Management System With the aim of increasing the effectiveness of internal controls and risk management, the Internal Audit Department was made independent of the Risk Management Group (overseen by the Chief Risk Management Officer (CRMO)) to ensure a higher level of independence of internal audit departments in the organization and to enhance the effectiveness of internal controls. Internal Control System In accordance with the Companies Act and the Ordinance for Enforcement of the Companies Act, SUBARU’s Board of Directors has adopted a basic policy on putting in place systems that ensure that the performance of duties by directors is in conformity with laws and regulations and with the Articles of Incorporation, and other systems prescribed in the ordinance of the Ministry of Justice as being necessary to ensure the appropriate operations of the Company and the corporate group consisting of the Company and its subsidiaries. The Board of Directors maintains and operates this basic policy, reviewing it as needed. In t e rn al C o n t ro l Sy s tem Related to Finan cial Reporting Regarding internal control reporting systems pursuant to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act, the evaluation of the internal control system related to financial reporting is dated the final day of the consolidated accounting period and is conducted in accordance with generally accepted assessment standards for internal control over financial reporting. The President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) evaluated the status of the development of the internal control system related to financial reporting as of March 31, 2022 and affirmed that it has been established properly and functions effectively, and issued an internal control report audited by the accounting auditors to that effect. Annual Securities Report and Internal Control Report for FYE March 2022 ( Japanese version only) Financial Report for The Year Ended March 31, 2022 191 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social
from the CEO Sustainability | GGoovveerrnnaannccee | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management
[TABLE] Based on the findings confirmed through the above audit activities, we capture a range of opportunities to engage with the
business execution side, including exchanges of opinions with all corporate auditors, the chair of the Board of Directors, and
[TABLE] the representative directors, and at Group company presidents’ meetings. Through these activities, we share information and
provide necessary advice and recommendations for the resolution of important management issues, including the
strengthening of Group governance.
Internal Auditing
SUBARU has established the Audit Department (15 members) that reports directly to the President as an internal auditing
organization. This organization evaluates the state of the development and operation of internal controls with regard to
business execution at SUBARU and its Group companies in Japan and overseas from an independent and objective standpoint,
providing advice and proposals for improvement. The Audit Department systematically conducts audits of business execution
in accordance with an annual business audit plan prepared at the beginning of each fiscal year, taking into consideration the
risks and internal control status of the entire Group. Audit reports are distributed to all directors, corporate auditors, and
relevant departments at the same time as reports are directly made to the President. In parallel with this, reports are also
made at semi-annual meetings of the Board of Directors and quarterly at joint meetings consisting of all vice presidents.
SUBARU’s Audit Department and corporate auditors work together to strengthen audit functions, as described in
“Cooperation in the three-party audit system” above. In addition, we strive to strengthen audit functions by sharing
information with the accounting auditors on audit plans and audit results on a quarterly basis. In addition, the internal Audit
Department periodically undergoes an evaluation by external experts to confirm that the audit operations are being
performed appropriately.
[TABLE] Internal Control
Management System
With the aim of increasing the effectiveness of internal controls and risk management, the Internal Audit Department was
made independent of the Risk Management Group (overseen by the Chief Risk Management Officer (CRMO)) to ensure a
higher level of independence of internal audit departments in the organization and to enhance the effectiveness of internal
controls.
Internal Control System
In accordance with the Companies Act and the Ordinance for Enforcement of the Companies Act, SUBARU’s Board of Directors
has adopted a basic policy on putting in place systems that ensure that the performance of duties by directors is in
conformity with laws and regulations and with the Articles of Incorporation, and other systems prescribed in the ordinance of
the Ministry of Justice as being necessary to ensure the appropriate operations of the Company and the corporate group
consisting of the Company and its subsidiaries. The Board of Directors maintains and operates this basic policy, reviewing it
as needed.
[TABLE] Internal Control System Related to Financial Reporting
Regarding internal control reporting systems pursuant to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act, the evaluation of the
internal control system related to financial reporting is dated the final day of the consolidated accounting period and is
conducted in accordance with generally accepted assessment standards for internal control over financial reporting.
The President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) evaluated the status of the development
of the internal control system related to financial reporting as of March 31, 2022 and affirmed that it has been established
properly and functions effectively, and issued an internal control report audited by the accounting auditors to that effect.
Annual Securities Report and Internal Control Report for FYE March 2022 (Japanese version only)
Financial Report for The Year Ended March 31, 2022
191

[PAGE 192]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management Governance SUBARUG ro u p G ov e r n a n c e The SUBARU Group has established a Group-wide governance stance that contributes to the sound business operations of the Group’s global companies in order to maintain and enhance brand value and enhance the overall strength of the Group in response to social demands, including for sound corporate governance. Group Companies (Affiliates in Japan, Excluding SUBARU Dealerships) As part of efforts to strengthen the governance of the SUBARU Group, with reorganizations in April 2021 we updated to a new group collaboration system. In this system, the Business Administration Department of SUBARU manages Group companies and their businesses to promote more unified activities. In addition, we are working to create a system in which SUBARU’s corporate departments provide cross-organizational support for these activities, striving to enhance the effectiveness of Group governance. 1. Initiatives in the new group collaboration system In FYE March 2022, as the start of our new collaboration system, we redefined the roles and responsibilities of the relevant SUBARU departments involved in Group governance, and reflected and clarified these in the Subsidiary Management Rules. In addition to laying the foundation for governance activities between Group companies and SUBARU, each relevant department is promoting governance activities while deepening cooperation. ■Roles and responsibilities of the Business Administration Department Clarification of the roles and missions of the Group companies under their authority, overall management of business operations, support for the establishment of management foundations, etc. ■Roles and responsibilities of the departments responsible for corporate functions Presenting policies and guidelines to Group companies, support and collaboration in the area of corporate functions, etc. ■Roles and responsibilities of the Corporate Planning Department Establishment of the Group governance structure, handling of cross-Group issues, operation of the performance evaluation system, etc. 2. Initiatives to enhance the effectiveness of governance As basic governance activities, we continue to promote the development of forums for information sharing and exchange of opinions with Group companies and the creation of educational opportunities. In particular, in FYE March 2022 we increased the number of meetings of the Management Department Steering Committee, which mainly handles topics related to corporate functions, from once every fiscal year to once every two months, in order to expand communication and promptly address various issues. In addition, by converting our education for employees into a remote format, we have created an environment facilitating the necessary training even amid the COVID-19 pandemic. SUBARU also continues to dispatch its directors to Group companies and assigns standing corporate auditors appropriately. Through these efforts, we are working to further improve the effectiveness of Group governance. Initiatives in the SUBARU Group Information sharing through a dedicated portal site for Group companies ・ Held meetings of Group company presidents (held three meetings) ・ Held meetings of the Management Department Steering Committee (held once every two months from FYE March 2022) ・ Held workshops for newly appointed executives (held one session) ・ Conducted rank-specific training for employees of Group companies (converted into remote format from FYE March 2022) ・ Dispatched personnel from the Business Administration Department of SUBARU to play a part in the management of Group companies by serving as part-time directors ・ Enhanced the quality of auditing through appropriate assignment of standing corporate auditors (12) ・ 192 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social
from the CEO Sustainability | GGoovveerrnnaannccee | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management
[TABLE] SUBARU Group Governance
The SUBARU Group has established a Group-wide governance stance that contributes to the sound business operations of the
Group’s global companies in order to maintain and enhance brand value and enhance the overall strength of the Group in
response to social demands, including for sound corporate governance.
Group Companies (Affiliates in Japan, Excluding SUBARU Dealerships)
As part of efforts to strengthen the governance of the SUBARU Group, with reorganizations in April 2021 we updated to a new
group collaboration system. In this system, the Business Administration Department of SUBARU manages Group companies
and their businesses to promote more unified activities. In addition, we are working to create a system in which SUBARU’s
corporate departments provide cross-organizational support for these activities, striving to enhance the effectiveness of
Group governance.
1. Initiatives in the new group collaboration system
In FYE March 2022, as the start of our new collaboration system, we redefined the roles and responsibilities of the relevant
SUBARU departments involved in Group governance, and reflected and clarified these in the Subsidiary Management Rules. In
addition to laying the foundation for governance activities between Group companies and SUBARU, each relevant department
is promoting governance activities while deepening cooperation.
■Roles and responsibilities of the Business Administration Department
Clarification of the roles and missions of the Group companies under their authority, overall management of business
operations, support for the establishment of management foundations, etc.
■Roles and responsibilities of the departments responsible for corporate functions
Presenting policies and guidelines to Group companies, support and collaboration in the area of corporate functions, etc.
■Roles and responsibilities of the Corporate Planning Department
Establishment of the Group governance structure, handling of cross-Group issues, operation of the performance evaluation
system, etc.
2. Initiatives to enhance the effectiveness of governance
As basic governance activities, we continue to promote the development of forums for information sharing and exchange of
opinions with Group companies and the creation of educational opportunities. In particular, in FYE March 2022 we increased
the number of meetings of the Management Department Steering Committee, which mainly handles topics related to
corporate functions, from once every fiscal year to once every two months, in order to expand communication and promptly
address various issues. In addition, by converting our education for employees into a remote format, we have created an
environment facilitating the necessary training even amid the COVID-19 pandemic. SUBARU also continues to dispatch its
directors to Group companies and assigns standing corporate auditors appropriately.
Through these efforts, we are working to further improve the effectiveness of Group governance.
Initiatives in the SUBARU Group
・Information sharing through a dedicated portal site for Group companies
・Held meetings of Group company presidents (held three meetings)
・Held meetings of the Management Department Steering Committee (held once every two months from FYE March 2022)
・Held workshops for newly appointed executives (held one session)
・Conducted rank-specific training for employees of Group companies (converted into remote format from FYE March 2022)
・Dispatched personnel from the Business Administration Department of SUBARU to play a part in the management of Group
companies by serving as part-time directors
・Enhanced the quality of auditing through appropriate assignment of standing corporate auditors (12)
192

[PAGE 193]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management Governance * Parentheses indicate results from FYE March 2022 C ro s s - S h a re h o l d i n g (1) Policy for cross-shareholding SUBARU holds listed stocks as cross-shareholdings and engages in dialogues with the companies in question. Each year, SUBARU’s Board of Directors quantitatively measures and compares benefits from holding, using dividend yield, and the capital cost involved, using weighted average cost of capital (WACC), in order to verify each. The Company will maintain these holdings only if it deems, based on the results of this verification, that the shares will contribute to its medium- to long-term management and business strategies in a qualitative manner. (2) Verification details for cross-shareholding Based on the above policy, SUBARU has steadily reduced the number of listed stocks held as cross-shareholding. As a result, 60 issues held at the end of March 2015 decreased to two issues at the end of March 2021. We consider these two issues to be essential to hold at this time for the following reasons, but we will continue to hold dialogue with these companies at least once a year, and the Board of Directors will evaluate and scrutinize these issues annually to determine whether they should be held or not. Number of Listed Stocks and Total Amount Reported on the Balance Sheet Meetings of the Internal Audit Department Liaison Committee (held twice a year) ・ Meetings of the General Affairs and IT Specialist Committees (held twice a year) ・ Enhanced the quality of auditing through appropriate assignment of standing corporate auditors (one standing corporate auditor, 11 part-time corporate auditors) ・ Dealerships Initiatives designed for dealerships ・The G10 Leadership Meeting 193 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social
from the CEO Sustainability | GGoovveerrnnaannccee | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management
[TABLE] Dealerships
[TABLE] Initiatives designed for dealerships
・The G10 Leadership Meeting
・Meetings of the Internal Audit Department Liaison Committee (held twice a year)
・Meetings of the General Affairs and IT Specialist Committees (held twice a year)
・Enhanced the quality of auditing through appropriate assignment of standing corporate auditors (one standing corporate
auditor, 11 part-time corporate auditors)
* Parentheses indicate results from FYE March 2022
[TABLE] Cross-Shareholding
(1)Policy for cross-shareholding
SUBARU holds listed stocks as cross-shareholdings and engages in dialogues with the companies in question. Each year,
SUBARU’s Board of Directors quantitatively measures and compares benefits from holding, using dividend yield, and the
capital cost involved, using weighted average cost of capital (WACC), in order to verify each. The Company will maintain these
holdings only if it deems, based on the results of this verification, that the shares will contribute to its medium- to long-term
management and business strategies in a qualitative manner.
(2)Verification details for cross-shareholding
Based on the above policy, SUBARU has steadily reduced the number of listed stocks held as cross-shareholding. As a result,
60 issues held at the end of March 2015 decreased to two issues at the end of March 2021. We consider these two issues to
be essential to hold at this time for the following reasons, but we will continue to hold dialogue with these companies at
least once a year, and the Board of Directors will evaluate and scrutinize these issues annually to determine whether they
should be held or not.
Number of Listed Stocks and Total Amount Reported on the Balance Sheet
193

[PAGE 194]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management Governance performance, whether a sufficient number of independent outside directors are in place and if management is supervised appropriately, and whether there are any corporate governance issues present. Although these are our general principles, we hold dialogues at least once a year with companies whose stock we hold to avoid making blanket decisions. Accordingly, we exercise our voting rights appropriately in light of the performance, management policies, and medium- to long-term management plans of the companies in question, as well as from the perspectives of corporate value enhancement, corporate governance, and social responsibility. In addition, we will continue to verify whether or not our criteria for exercise of voting rights warrant review. As of March 31, 2022 Issues Number of shares Amount reported on the balance sheet (Millions of yen) Purpose of holding, impact of holding, and reason for increase in number of shares The Gunma Bank, Ltd. 2,850,468 1,009 The Gunma Bank, a local bank of the area where the Company’s main factory resides, is supporting not only SUBARU but also local supplier sites in Japan and abroad through its financial services. As the is an important partner, the Company will continue to hold the bank’s shares to promote fair and smooth financial transactions. Mizuho Financial Group, Inc. 372,097 583 The Mizuho Financial Group firms have been supporting SUBARU with financial transactions and other services. In particular, the Mizuho Bank has long been the Company’s most important financial partner, providing support in a broad area of management. The Company will continue to hold the group’s shares to promote fair and smooth transactions. (3) Criteria for exercising voting rights for cross-shareholding With regard to the exercise of voting rights for listed stocks held as cross-shareholding, the Board of Directors deliberates on and determines the criteria for exercise with evaluation items such as whether the company is consistently exhibiting poor 194 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social
from the CEO Sustainability | GGoovveerrnnaannccee | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CO
Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability | RPORATION
Website 2022
[TABLE] Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management
[TABLE] As of March 31, 2022
Amount reported
[TABLE] Amount reported
[TABLE] Number of on the balance Purpose of holding, impact of holding,
Issues
shares sheet and reason for increase in number of shares
(Millions of yen)
The Gunma Bank, a local bank of the area where the Company’s main
factory resides, is supporting not only SUBARU but also local supplier
The Gunma Bank, Ltd. 2,850,468 1,009 sites in Japan and abroad through its financial services. As the is an
important partner, the Company will continue to hold the bank’s
shares to promote fair and smooth financial transactions.
The Mizuho Financial Group firms have been supporting SUBARU
with financial transactions and other services. In particular, the
Mizuho Bank has long been the Company’s most important financial
Mizuho Financial Group, Inc. 372,097 583
partner, providing support in a broad area of management. The
Company will continue to hold the group’s shares to promote fair and
smooth transactions.
(3)Criteria for exercising voting rights for cross-shareholding
With regard to the exercise of voting rights for listed stocks held as cross-shareholding, the Board of Directors deliberates on
and determines the criteria for exercise with evaluation items such as whether the company is consistently exhibiting poor
performance, whether a sufficient number of independent outside directors are in place and if management is supervised
appropriately, and whether there are any corporate governance issues present. Although these are our general principles, we
hold dialogues at least once a year with companies whose stock we hold to avoid making blanket decisions. Accordingly, we
exercise our voting rights appropriately in light of the performance, management policies, and medium- to long-term
management plans of the companies in question, as well as from the perspectives of corporate value enhancement, corporate
governance, and social responsibility.
In addition, we will continue to verify whether or not our criteria for exercise of voting rights warrant review.
194 | Issues | Number of
shares | on the balance
sheet
(Millions of yen) | Purpose of holding, impact of holding,
and reason for increase in number of shares
[TABLE] The Gunma Bank, Ltd. | 2,850,468 | 1,009 | The Gunma Bank, a local bank of the area where the Company’s main
factory resides, is supporting not only SUBARU but also local supplier
sites in Japan and abroad through its financial services. As the is an
important partner, the Company will continue to hold the bank’s
shares to promote fair and smooth financial transactions.
[TABLE] Mizuho Financial Group, Inc. | 372,097 | 583 | The Mizuho Financial Group firms have been supporting SUBARU
with financial transactions and other services. In particular, the
Mizuho Bank has long been the Company’s most important financial
[TABLE] partner, providing support in a broad area of management. The
Company will continue to hold the group’s shares to promote fair and
smooth transactions.

[PAGE 195]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management Governance In striving to enhance its compliance-related initiatives, SUBARU has established various rules related to compliance, including the Company-wide Risk Management and Compliance rules, which stipulate its compliance-related structures, organizations, and enforcement methods. Compliance Manual Compliance Manual: Essential Version Our Approach At SUBARU, compliance is positioned as one of our most important management issues in the Corporate Governance Guidelines. We instill in each employee a strong awareness that thorough group-wide compliance forms the foundation of SUBARU’s management, that we must observe all laws and internal regulations relevant to our business activities, that our corporate activities must be executed in manner that is fair and just and in conformance with general social ethics, common sense, and standards, and that these principles should be reflected in their actions, create and operate a compliance system/organization, and carry out activities such as providing all kinds of training for these purposes. Corporate Governance Guidelines PDF/391kB ( July 2022) Rules for Compliance M a nagement System SUBARU has es t ab l i shed t he R i sk Managemen t and Comp l i ance Commi t t ee , a company -wi de organ i za t i on des i gned t o promo t e comp l i ance . Th i s commi t t ee de l i be ra t es , d i s cus ses , dec i des , and exchanges i n f orma t i on on impor t an t ma t t e r s re l a t ed t o r i sk managemen t . A l so , each depa r tmen t f ormu l a t es t he i r own imp l emen t a t i on p l an ( comp l i ance program) t o promo t e comp l i ance eve r y f i s ca l yea r, and moves f orwa rd wi t h con t i nuous , s y s t ema t i c i ndependen t ac t i v i t i es . Compliance 195 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents Environment Social
from the CEO Sustainability | GGoovveerrnnaannccee | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management
[TABLE] Compliance
[TABLE] Compliance
[TABLE] Our Approach
At SUBARU, compliance is positioned as one of our most important management issues in the Corporate Governance
Guidelines. We instill in each employee a strong awareness that thorough group-wide compliance forms the foundation of
SUBARU’s management, that we must observe all laws and internal regulations relevant to our business activities, that our
corporate activities must be executed in manner that is fair and just and in conformance with general social ethics, common
sense, and standards, and that these principles should be reflected in their actions, create and operate a compliance
system/organization, and carry out activities such as providing all kinds of training for these purposes.
Corporate Governance Guidelines PDF/391kB (July 2022)
Rules for Compliance
In striving to enhance its compliance-related initiatives, SUBARU has
established various rules related to compliance, including the
Company-wide Risk Management and Compliance rules, which
stipulate its compliance-related structures, organizations, and
enforcement methods.
Compliance Manual:
Compliance Manual Essential Version
[TABLE] Management System
SUBARU has es(cid:32)t(cid:32)ab(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)shed t(cid:32)he R(cid:32)i(cid:32)sk Managemen(cid:32)t and Comp(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)ance Commi(cid:32)t(cid:32)t(cid:32)ee(cid:32), a company(cid:32)-wi(cid:32)de organ(cid:32)i(cid:32)za(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on des(cid:32)i(cid:32)gned t(cid:32)o(cid:32)
promo(cid:32)t(cid:32)e comp(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)ance(cid:32). Th(cid:32)i(cid:32)s commi(cid:32)t(cid:32)t(cid:32)ee de(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)be(cid:32)ra(cid:32)t(cid:32)es(cid:32), d(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)cus(cid:32)ses(cid:32), dec(cid:32)i(cid:32)des(cid:32), and exchanges i(cid:32)n(cid:32)f(cid:32)orma(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on on impor(cid:32)t(cid:32)an(cid:32)t ma(cid:32)t(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)r(cid:32)s(cid:32)
re(cid:32)l(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed t(cid:32)o r(cid:32)i(cid:32)sk managemen(cid:32)t(cid:32). A(cid:32)l(cid:32)so(cid:32), each depa(cid:32)r(cid:32)tmen(cid:32)t f(cid:32)ormu(cid:32)l(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)es t(cid:32)he(cid:32)i(cid:32)r own imp(cid:32)l(cid:32)emen(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on p(cid:32)l(cid:32)an ((cid:32)comp(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)ance program) t(cid:32)o(cid:32)
promo(cid:32)t(cid:32)e comp(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)ance eve(cid:32)r(cid:32)y f(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)ca(cid:32)l yea(cid:32)r, and moves f(cid:32)orwa(cid:32)rd wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h con(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)nuous(cid:32), s(cid:32)y(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)ema(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)c i(cid:32)ndependen(cid:32)t ac(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)es(cid:32).
195

[PAGE 196]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management Governance The Chief Risk Management Officer (CRMO), appointed by the Board of Directors, serves as chair of this committee, with the Risk Management and Compliance Office serving as its secretariat. Under the chair’s direction, the committee executes global and Group-wide compliance initiatives, regularly reporting these activities to the Board of Directors. Compliance Hotline When regu l a r or t empora r y emp l oyees o f SUBARU and i t s Group compan i es i n J apan de t ec t a prob l em re l a t ed t o comp l i ance i n t he Group , t hey can consu l t wi t h our I n t e rna l Repor t i ng Desk by us i ng t he Comp l i ance Ho t l i ne . The I n t e rna l Repor t i ng Desk i s whe re emp l oyees as s i gned t o t he R i sk Managemen t and Comp l i ance Of f i ce based on t he re l evan t ru l es rece i ve repor t s v i a ma i l , t e l ephone ca l l s , ema i l , and webs i t es , i nves t i ga t e f ac t s , and prov i de response . We have a l so es t ab l i shed a desk ou t s i de t he Company s t a f f ed by ex t e rna l spec i a l i s t s t o i nc rease t he hour s i n wh i ch se r v i ce i s ava i l ab l e and t o i nc rease t he con f i den t i a l i t y o f t hose con t ac t i ng t he desk . Fur t he rmore , we prov i de consu l t a t i on se r v i ces i n f our l anguages ( Eng l i sh , Ch i nese , Por t uguese , and Span i sh ) f or f ore i gn wor ke r s . For consu l t a t i ons , t he R i sk Managemen t and Comp l i ance Of f i ce Gene ra l manage r p l ay s a cen t ra l ro l e i n i nves t i ga t i ng t he f ac t s o f each s i t ua t i on and , subsequen t l y, wor k i ng t o reso l ve i s sues promp t l y. A l so , t he I n t e rna l Repor t i ng Desk repor t s t o t he prope r managemen t membe r s and t he R i sk Managemen t and Comp l i ance Commi t t ee , wor k i ng t owa rd preven t i ve measures . The re we re 214 consu l t a t i ons i n FYE Ma rch 2022 , t he de t a i l s o f wh i ch a re ou t l i ned i n t he t ab l e be l ow. Through i n i t i a t i ves t o ra i se awa renes s o f t h i s s y s t em, SUBARU has improved awa renes s o f comp l i ance and f os t e red an a tmosphe re whe re emp l oyees can consu l t even abou t t r i v i a l ma t t e r s . Th i s has resu l t ed i n an i nc reas i ng t rend i n t he numbe r o f consu l t a t i ons ove r t he prev i ous f i ve yea r s . Compl i ance Sys tem 196 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social
from the CEO Sustainability | GGoovveerrnnaannccee | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management
[TABLE] Compl(cid:32)i(cid:32)ance Sys(cid:32)tem
[TABLE] The Chief Risk Management Officer (CRMO), appointed by the Board of Directors, serves as chair of this committee, with the
Risk Management and Compliance Office serving as its secretariat. Under the chair’s direction, the committee executes global
and Group-wide compliance initiatives, regularly reporting these activities to the Board of Directors.
Compliance Hotline
When regu(cid:32)l(cid:32)a(cid:32)r or t(cid:32)empora(cid:32)r(cid:32)y emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyees o(cid:32)f SUBARU and i(cid:32)t(cid:32)s Group compan(cid:32)i(cid:32)es i(cid:32)n J(cid:32)apan de(cid:32)t(cid:32)ec(cid:32)t a prob(cid:32)l(cid:32)em re(cid:32)l(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed t(cid:32)o comp(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)ance(cid:32)
i(cid:32)n t(cid:32)he Group(cid:32), t(cid:32)hey can consu(cid:32)l(cid:32)t wi(cid:32)t(cid:32)h our I(cid:32)n(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)rna(cid:32)l Repor(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng Desk by us(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)he Comp(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)ance Ho(cid:32)t(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)ne(cid:32).
The I(cid:32)n(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)rna(cid:32)l Repor(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng Desk i(cid:32)s whe(cid:32)re emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyees as(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)gned t(cid:32)o t(cid:32)he R(cid:32)i(cid:32)sk Managemen(cid:32)t and Comp(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)ance Of(cid:32)f(cid:32)i(cid:32)ce based on t(cid:32)he(cid:32)
re(cid:32)l(cid:32)evan(cid:32)t ru(cid:32)l(cid:32)es rece(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve repor(cid:32)t(cid:32)s v(cid:32)i(cid:32)a ma(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32), t(cid:32)e(cid:32)l(cid:32)ephone ca(cid:32)l(cid:32)l(cid:32)s(cid:32), ema(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32), and webs(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)es(cid:32), i(cid:32)nves(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ga(cid:32)t(cid:32)e f(cid:32)ac(cid:32)t(cid:32)s(cid:32), and prov(cid:32)i(cid:32)de response(cid:32). We have(cid:32)
a(cid:32)l(cid:32)so es(cid:32)t(cid:32)ab(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)shed a desk ou(cid:32)t(cid:32)s(cid:32)i(cid:32)de t(cid:32)he Company s(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)f(cid:32)f(cid:32)ed by ex(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)rna(cid:32)l spec(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)s t(cid:32)o i(cid:32)nc(cid:32)rease t(cid:32)he hour(cid:32)s i(cid:32)n wh(cid:32)i(cid:32)ch se(cid:32)r(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)ce i(cid:32)s ava(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)ab(cid:32)l(cid:32)e(cid:32)
and t(cid:32)o i(cid:32)nc(cid:32)rease t(cid:32)he con(cid:32)f(cid:32)i(cid:32)den(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)y o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)hose con(cid:32)t(cid:32)ac(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)he desk(cid:32). Fur(cid:32)t(cid:32)he(cid:32)rmore(cid:32), we prov(cid:32)i(cid:32)de consu(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on se(cid:32)r(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)ces i(cid:32)n f(cid:32)our(cid:32)
l(cid:32)anguages ((cid:32)Eng(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)sh(cid:32), Ch(cid:32)i(cid:32)nese(cid:32), Por(cid:32)t(cid:32)uguese(cid:32), and Span(cid:32)i(cid:32)sh(cid:32)) f(cid:32)or f(cid:32)ore(cid:32)i(cid:32)gn wor(cid:32)ke(cid:32)r(cid:32)s(cid:32).
For consu(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons(cid:32), t(cid:32)he R(cid:32)i(cid:32)sk Managemen(cid:32)t and Comp(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)ance Of(cid:32)f(cid:32)i(cid:32)ce Gene(cid:32)ra(cid:32)l manage(cid:32)r p(cid:32)l(cid:32)ay(cid:32)s a cen(cid:32)t(cid:32)ra(cid:32)l ro(cid:32)l(cid:32)e i(cid:32)n i(cid:32)nves(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ga(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)he(cid:32)
f(cid:32)ac(cid:32)t(cid:32)s o(cid:32)f each s(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)ua(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)on and(cid:32), subsequen(cid:32)t(cid:32)l(cid:32)y, wor(cid:32)k(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)o reso(cid:32)l(cid:32)ve i(cid:32)s(cid:32)sues promp(cid:32)t(cid:32)l(cid:32)y. A(cid:32)l(cid:32)so(cid:32), t(cid:32)he I(cid:32)n(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)rna(cid:32)l Repor(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng Desk repor(cid:32)t(cid:32)s t(cid:32)o(cid:32)
t(cid:32)he prope(cid:32)r managemen(cid:32)t membe(cid:32)r(cid:32)s and t(cid:32)he R(cid:32)i(cid:32)sk Managemen(cid:32)t and Comp(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)ance Commi(cid:32)t(cid:32)t(cid:32)ee(cid:32), wor(cid:32)k(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)owa(cid:32)rd preven(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve(cid:32)
measures(cid:32).
The(cid:32)re we(cid:32)re 214 consu(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons i(cid:32)n FYE Ma(cid:32)rch 2022(cid:32), t(cid:32)he de(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)i(cid:32)l(cid:32)s o(cid:32)f wh(cid:32)i(cid:32)ch a(cid:32)re ou(cid:32)t(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)ned i(cid:32)n t(cid:32)he t(cid:32)ab(cid:32)l(cid:32)e be(cid:32)l(cid:32)ow.
Through i(cid:32)n(cid:32)i(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ves t(cid:32)o ra(cid:32)i(cid:32)se awa(cid:32)renes(cid:32)s o(cid:32)f t(cid:32)h(cid:32)i(cid:32)s s(cid:32)y(cid:32)s(cid:32)t(cid:32)em, SUBARU has improved awa(cid:32)renes(cid:32)s o(cid:32)f comp(cid:32)l(cid:32)i(cid:32)ance and f(cid:32)os(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)red an(cid:32)
a(cid:32)tmosphe(cid:32)re whe(cid:32)re emp(cid:32)l(cid:32)oyees can consu(cid:32)l(cid:32)t even abou(cid:32)t t(cid:32)r(cid:32)i(cid:32)v(cid:32)i(cid:32)a(cid:32)l ma(cid:32)t(cid:32)t(cid:32)e(cid:32)r(cid:32)s(cid:32). Th(cid:32)i(cid:32)s has resu(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)ed i(cid:32)n an i(cid:32)nc(cid:32)reas(cid:32)i(cid:32)ng t(cid:32)rend i(cid:32)n t(cid:32)he numbe(cid:32)r(cid:32)
o(cid:32)f consu(cid:32)l(cid:32)t(cid:32)a(cid:32)t(cid:32)i(cid:32)ons ove(cid:32)r t(cid:32)he prev(cid:32)i(cid:32)ous f(cid:32)i(cid:32)ve yea(cid:32)r(cid:32)s(cid:32).
196

[PAGE 197]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management Governance In order to promote compliance in everyday work, we create and provide various implementation support tools other than the Compliance Manual, such as in areas of specialization at Breakdown of Compliance Hotline Consultations and Trend over Time (FYE March) 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Workplace environment 10 13 14 7 5 Labor related 49 78 68 65 72 Interpersonal relationships, harassment 58 75 84 107 78 Other compliance-related issues (Work violations, suspicion of wrongdoing, etc.) 46 33 50 57 59 Total 163 199 216 236 214 Ini tiatives Training In enforcing thorough compliance, we believe that initiatives in which the entire SUBARU Group acts in concert are necessary. We conduct compliance training, training for legal affairs in practical business, and other programs for all Group employees in Japan organized by our Legal Department, Risk Management and Compliance Office, and human resource and education departments. In particular, more than 15,000 employees have participated in video-based training programs introduced in light of work environment changes due to COVID-19, as we work to improve compliance awareness for all employees at SUBARU and its Group companies in Japan. In addition, to complement compliance enlightenment training, study groups are held at each department and affiliated company based on their compliance program, covering important laws and regulations related to their work. These include export controls, the Act on the Protection of Personal Information, the Antimonopoly Act, and the Political Funds Control Act. Compliance Implementation Support Tools Compl iance Hot l ine (Consul tat ion and resolut ion procedure) 197 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social
from the CEO Sustainability | GGoovveerrnnaannccee | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management
[TABLE] Compl(cid:32)iance Hot(cid:32)l(cid:32)ine (Consul(cid:32)tat(cid:32)ion and resolut(cid:32)ion procedure)
[TABLE] Breakdown of Compliance Hotline Consultations and Trend over Time
(FYE March)
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Workplace environment 10 13 14 7 5
Labor related 49 78 68 65 72
Interpersonal relationships, harassment 58 75 84 107 78
Other compliance-related issues
46 33 50 57 59
(Work violations, suspicion of wrongdoing, etc.)
Total 163 199 216 236 214
[TABLE] Initiatives
Training
In enforcing thorough compliance, we believe that initiatives in which the entire SUBARU Group acts in concert are necessary.
We conduct compliance training, training for legal affairs in practical business, and other programs for all Group employees
in Japan organized by our Legal Department, Risk Management and Compliance Office, and human resource and education
departments.
In particular, more than 15,000 employees have participated in video-based training programs introduced in light of work
environment changes due to COVID-19, as we work to improve compliance awareness for all employees at SUBARU and its
Group companies in Japan. In addition, to complement compliance enlightenment training, study groups are held at each
department and affiliated company based on their compliance program, covering important laws and regulations related to
their work. These include export controls, the Act on the Protection of Personal Information, the Antimonopoly Act, and the
Political Funds Control Act.
Compliance Implementation Support Tools
In order to promote compliance in everyday work, we create and
provide various implementation support tools other than the
Compliance Manual, such as in areas of specialization at
197
[TABLE] 2018 | 2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022
[TABLE] Workplace environment | 10 | 13 | 14 | 7 | 5
[TABLE] Labor related | 49 | 78 | 68 | 65 | 72
[TABLE] Interpersonal relationships, harassment | 58 | 75 | 84 | 107 | 78
[TABLE] Other compliance-related issues
(Work violations, suspicion of wrongdoing, etc.) | 46 | 33 | 50 | 57 | 59
[TABLE] Total | 163 | 199 | 216 | 236 | 214

[PAGE 198]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management Governance affiliated companies. To make knowledge of the Compliance Hotline common, we distribute cards containing information on the framework of the system and the contact address for consulting services, and also put up posters in all workplaces. We have designed the information cards and posters to deliver a message that encourages employees to proactively use the system even for things that feel only slightly suspicious. In addition, we are making efforts for the timely report of highly urgent information and to call the entire Group’s attention to such matters. Compliance training (Gunma Plant) Compliance Hotline card Bribery Prevention At SUBARU and its Group companies in Japan, we consider the prevention of bribery in the connection to our businesses as an important issue, and work to ensure the following approach is rigorously permeated. In addition, we have established the company-wide Bribery Prevention Rules, which clarify prohibited and non-prohibited acts when dealing with public officials. The SUBARU Group has also established guidelines on anti-bribery to clarify the conduct required of employees and executives. In China, taking into consideration unique social conditions, we created the Bribery Prevention Guidelines (with a Chinese translation included). It is distributed throughout our Chinese subsidiaries and forms the official rules of the relevant companies. Also, anti-corruption is identified as an important issue in the Compliance Manual ( Japanese and English versions) issued to affiliated companies in Japan and overseas. We not only require proper conduct regarding bribery to government workers but also pursue thorough fairness in transactions with private-sector customers and partners. Under the monitoring system for bribery prevention, SUBARU collects information to ascertain the presence of cases that may constitute compliance violations through company-wide compliance activities, its whistleblowing system, and other channels. It also strives to use actions like internal audit departments’ business audits to detect cases early. Furthermore, SUBARU has established a system to report high-risk cases to the Risk Management and Compliance Committee and the Board of Directors, in an effort to strengthen oversight. Security Trade Control SUBARU, seeking to preserve the peace and safety of the international community, performs independent export control in accordance with the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act so that consumer products and technology that could be repurposed for military use, including weaponry, do not fall into the hands of countries developing weapons of mass destruction or terrorists (non-state entities). We have regulations for the purpose of appropriate management of the entire group. Also, the Export Control Committee is a body that meets at least once a year to deliberate on Group-wide initiatives. It is comprised of executives from all departments involved in exports, chaired by the director in charge of the Legal Department. With the goal of improving the level of its management, SUBARU also promotes PDCA cycles, including review of related rules, with a focus on the following initiatives. Enactment of the Tax Policy The SUBARU Group enacted its Tax Policy in June 2020. This basic policy sets forth our posture and way of thinking toward the tax laws we should comply with when paying the appropriate amount of tax. In promoting tax strategy and risk management, these are reported to the Chief Financial Officer (CFO), who must approve these before submission to SUBARU’s Executive Management Board Meeting and the Board of Directors. Such matters are also reported to the accounting auditors during their audits and to the Board of Corporate Auditors upon request by the respective parties as appropriate. Prohibition of providing, offering, or promising improper entertainment, gifts, favors, or other economic benefits to public officials or persons in similar positions, whether in Japan or abroad ・ Prohibition of providing or receiving an amount in excess of socially accepted norms in dealings with business partners and customers who do not constitute public officials or similar persons ・ Prohibition of receipt of personal gain as a result of using information obtained in the course of business, establishing boundaries between public and private life ・ Export controls utilizing IT systems (from FYE March 2021, all export-related departments have begun using these systems) ・ Utilization of proprietary checklists in accordance with relevant regulations and on-site voluntary inspections ・ 198 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social
from the CEO Sustainability | GGoovveerrnnaannccee | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management
[TABLE] affiliated companies.
To make knowledge of the Compliance Hotline common, we
[TABLE] distribute cards containing information on the framework of the
system and the contact address for consulting services, and also
put up posters in all workplaces. We have designed the
information cards and posters to deliver a message that
Compliance Hotline card
encourages employees to proactively use the system even for Compliance training (Gunma
things that feel only slightly suspicious. Plant)
In addition, we are making efforts for the timely report of highly
urgent information and to call the entire Group’s attention to
such matters.
Bribery Prevention
At SUBARU and its Group companies in Japan, we consider the prevention of bribery in the connection to our businesses as an
important issue, and work to ensure the following approach is rigorously permeated.
・Prohibition of providing, offering, or promising improper entertainment, gifts, favors, or other economic benefits to public
officials or persons in similar positions, whether in Japan or abroad
・Prohibition of providing or receiving an amount in excess of socially accepted norms in dealings with business partners
and customers who do not constitute public officials or similar persons
・Prohibition of receipt of personal gain as a result of using information obtained in the course of business, establishing
boundaries between public and private life
In addition, we have established the company-wide Bribery Prevention Rules, which clarify prohibited and non-prohibited acts
when dealing with public officials. The SUBARU Group has also established guidelines on anti-bribery to clarify the conduct
required of employees and executives. In China, taking into consideration unique social conditions, we created the Bribery
Prevention Guidelines (with a Chinese translation included). It is distributed throughout our Chinese subsidiaries and forms
the official rules of the relevant companies.
Also, anti-corruption is identified as an important issue in the Compliance Manual (Japanese and English versions) issued to
affiliated companies in Japan and overseas. We not only require proper conduct regarding bribery to government workers but
also pursue thorough fairness in transactions with private-sector customers and partners.
Under the monitoring system for bribery prevention, SUBARU collects information to ascertain the presence of cases that may
constitute compliance violations through company-wide compliance activities, its whistleblowing system, and other channels.
It also strives to use actions like internal audit departments’ business audits to detect cases early. Furthermore, SUBARU has
established a system to report high-risk cases to the Risk Management and Compliance Committee and the Board of
Directors, in an effort to strengthen oversight.
Security Trade Control
SUBARU, seeking to preserve the peace and safety of the international community, performs independent export control in
accordance with the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act so that consumer products and technology that could be
repurposed for military use, including weaponry, do not fall into the hands of countries developing weapons of mass
destruction or terrorists (non-state entities).
We have regulations for the purpose of appropriate management of the entire group. Also, the Export Control Committee is a
body that meets at least once a year to deliberate on Group-wide initiatives. It is comprised of executives from all
departments involved in exports, chaired by the director in charge of the Legal Department.
With the goal of improving the level of its management, SUBARU also promotes PDCA cycles, including review of related rules,
with a focus on the following initiatives.
・Export controls utilizing IT systems (from FYE March 2021, all export-related departments have begun using these systems)
・Utilization of proprietary checklists in accordance with relevant regulations and on-site voluntary inspections
Enactment of the Tax Policy
The SUBARU Group enacted its Tax Policy in June 2020. This basic policy sets forth our posture and way of thinking toward the
tax laws we should comply with when paying the appropriate amount of tax.
In promoting tax strategy and risk management, these are reported to the Chief Financial Officer (CFO), who must approve
these before submission to SUBARU’s Executive Management Board Meeting and the Board of Directors. Such matters are also
reported to the accounting auditors during their audits and to the Board of Corporate Auditors upon request by the
respective parties as appropriate.
198

[PAGE 199]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management Governance Tax Policy The SUBARU Group is able to conduct its business operations thanks to support from society, and it strongly recognizes the importance of returning profits to society. The SUBARU Group considers fulfilling its tax obligations to be an essential element of this. The SUBARU Group strives to ensure compliance with the tax laws and regulations of each country and jurisdiction, pursuant to the international rules and standards set out by international organizations, thereby fulfilling its social obligations through appropriate tax payment, while aiming for sustainable growth through sound business activities. 1. Compliance with tax laws and tax-related regulations The SUBARU Group undertakes applicable tax return filing and tax payment procedures in compliance with the tax laws and tax-related regulations of each country, and relevant tax treaties. 2. Tax corporate governance The SUBARU Group establishes and implements a structure to appropriately identify, manage and report tax risk. In order to respond to changes in its businesses, and in light of complex tax operations, the SUBARU Group enhances this structure by assigning to it employees with tax expertise. Furthermore, the SUBARU Group raises awareness and provides guidance and consultation regarding tax compliance to SUBARU Group companies, making use of external professionals, and properly fulfills its tax payment obligations. 3. Appropriate intercompany transaction prices (Transfer Pricing) The SUBARU Group conducts inter-group transactions and transactions with unrelated parties applying economically rational (arm’s length) prices, and does not inappropriately set prices through arbitrary manipulation. 4. Compliance with Anti-Tax Haven Rules The SUBARU Group does not establish entities that are unnecessary for its business with the aim of tax avoidance, and the SUBARU Group pays taxes pursuant to the substance of its businesses in accordance with the tax laws and regulations. 5. Relationship with tax authorities The SUBARU Group strives to maintain trust with tax authorities by dealing with the authorities in a good faith manner; for example, by providing fact-based information in an appropriate and timely manner in response to requests. Established in June 2020 199 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social
from the CEO Sustainability | GGoovveerrnnaannccee | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management
[TABLE] Tax Policy
[TABLE] The SUBARU Group is able to conduct its business operations thanks to support from society, and it strongly
recognizes the importance of returning profits to society. The SUBARU Group considers fulfilling its tax obligations to
be an essential element of this.
The SUBARU Group strives to ensure compliance with the tax laws and regulations of each country and jurisdiction,
pursuant to the international rules and standards set out by international organizations, thereby fulfilling its social
obligations through appropriate tax payment, while aiming for sustainable growth through sound business activities.
1. Compliance with tax laws and tax-related regulations
The SUBARU Group undertakes applicable tax return filing and tax payment procedures in compliance with the tax
laws and tax-related regulations of each country, and relevant tax treaties.
2. Tax corporate governance
The SUBARU Group establishes and implements a structure to appropriately identify, manage and report tax risk. In
order to respond to changes in its businesses, and in light of complex tax operations, the SUBARU Group enhances
this structure by assigning to it employees with tax expertise. Furthermore, the SUBARU Group raises awareness and
provides guidance and consultation regarding tax compliance to SUBARU Group companies, making use of external
professionals, and properly fulfills its tax payment obligations.
3. Appropriate intercompany transaction prices (Transfer Pricing)
The SUBARU Group conducts inter-group transactions and transactions with unrelated parties applying economically
rational (arm’s length) prices, and does not inappropriately set prices through arbitrary manipulation.
4. Compliance with Anti-Tax Haven Rules
The SUBARU Group does not establish entities that are unnecessary for its business with the aim of tax avoidance,
and the SUBARU Group pays taxes pursuant to the substance of its businesses in accordance with the tax laws and
regulations.
5. Relationship with tax authorities
The SUBARU Group strives to maintain trust with tax authorities by dealing with the authorities in a good faith
manner; for example, by providing fact-based information in an appropriate and timely manner in response to
requests.
Established in June 2020
199 | The SUBARU Group is able to conduct its business operations thanks to support from society, and it strongly
recognizes the importance of returning profits to society. The SUBARU Group considers fulfilling its tax obligations to
be an essential element of this.
The SUBARU Group strives to ensure compliance with the tax laws and regulations of each country and jurisdiction,
pursuant to the international rules and standards set out by international organizations, thereby fulfilling its social
obligations through appropriate tax payment, while aiming for sustainable growth through sound business activities.
1. Compliance with tax laws and tax-related regulations
The SUBARU Group undertakes applicable tax return filing and tax payment procedures in compliance with the tax
laws and tax-related regulations of each country, and relevant tax treaties.
2. Tax corporate governance
The SUBARU Group establishes and implements a structure to appropriately identify, manage and report tax risk. In
order to respond to changes in its businesses, and in light of complex tax operations, the SUBARU Group enhances
this structure by assigning to it employees with tax expertise. Furthermore, the SUBARU Group raises awareness and
provides guidance and consultation regarding tax compliance to SUBARU Group companies, making use of external
professionals, and properly fulfills its tax payment obligations.
3. Appropriate intercompany transaction prices (Transfer Pricing)
The SUBARU Group conducts inter-group transactions and transactions with unrelated parties applying economically
rational (arm’s length) prices, and does not inappropriately set prices through arbitrary manipulation.
4. Compliance with Anti-Tax Haven Rules
The SUBARU Group does not establish entities that are unnecessary for its business with the aim of tax avoidance,
and the SUBARU Group pays taxes pursuant to the substance of its businesses in accordance with the tax laws and
regulations.
5. Relationship with tax authorities
The SUBARU Group strives to maintain trust with tax authorities by dealing with the authorities in a good faith
manner; for example, by providing fact-based information in an appropriate and timely manner in response to
requests.
Established in June 2020
[TABLE] Tax Policy
[TABLE] The SUBARU Group is able to conduct its business operations thanks to support from society, and it strongly
recognizes the importance of returning profits to society. The SUBARU Group considers fulfilling its tax obligations to
be an essential element of this.
The SUBARU Group strives to ensure compliance with the tax laws and regulations of each country and jurisdiction,
pursuant to the international rules and standards set out by international organizations, thereby fulfilling its social
obligations through appropriate tax payment, while aiming for sustainable growth through sound business activities.
1. Compliance with tax laws and tax-related regulations
The SUBARU Group undertakes applicable tax return filing and tax payment procedures in compliance with the tax
laws and tax-related regulations of each country, and relevant tax treaties.
2. Tax corporate governance
The SUBARU Group establishes and implements a structure to appropriately identify, manage and report tax risk. In
order to respond to changes in its businesses, and in light of complex tax operations, the SUBARU Group enhances
this structure by assigning to it employees with tax expertise. Furthermore, the SUBARU Group raises awareness and
provides guidance and consultation regarding tax compliance to SUBARU Group companies, making use of external
professionals, and properly fulfills its tax payment obligations.
3. Appropriate intercompany transaction prices (Transfer Pricing)
The SUBARU Group conducts inter-group transactions and transactions with unrelated parties applying economically
rational (arm’s length) prices, and does not inappropriately set prices through arbitrary manipulation.
4. Compliance with Anti-Tax Haven Rules
The SUBARU Group does not establish entities that are unnecessary for its business with the aim of tax avoidance,
and the SUBARU Group pays taxes pursuant to the substance of its businesses in accordance with the tax laws and
regulations.
5. Relationship with tax authorities
The SUBARU Group strives to maintain trust with tax authorities by dealing with the authorities in a good faith
manner; for example, by providing fact-based information in an appropriate and timely manner in response to
requests.

[PAGE 200]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management Governance Our Approach SUBARU is undertaking risk management as one of its key priority management issues, not only to address emergency situations when they arise but also to deal with various risks that have a serious impact on daily corporate activities, as well as to minimize damage when risks emerge. The automotive industry is ushering in a major transformation, which only occurs once in a hundred years. The SUBARU Group, which operates businesses globally, is aiming to enhance the resilience of its management infrastructure by ensuring the sustainability of its businesses by quickly tackling changes in world affairs. At the same time, the Group must boost its measures to minimize its human, social and economic losses. Amid this environment, it is essential to strategically conduct risk management throughout the Group to conduct business activities. We therefore believe it is important to create a SUBARU Group that has an infrastructure that is resilient to risk to enhance our corporate value. M a nagement System To prevent the emergence and expansion of risks to the SUBARU Group, the Chief Risk Management Officer (CRMO) appointed by the Board of Directors leads risk management and compliance activities, reporting their status to the Board of Directors. As a system to promote risk management, SUBARU has appointed risk management officers (job grade of Chief General Managers) for each department and established the Risk Management and Compliance Committee. This committee is chaired by the CRMO, and its vice-chairperson is the vice president in charge of the duties of the Risk Management Group, comprised of the Risk Management and Compliance Office and the Legal Department. At this committee, members deliberate, discuss, make decisions, and exchange/communicate information on important matters. The CRMO leads corporate Group-wide efforts to enhance risk management with professional support from experts in corporate departments, such as the Risk Management and Compliance Office and the Legal Department. In this leadership role, the CRMO works closely with the Corporate Planning Department, which performs division-encompassing functions, as well as different divisions and companies. The Audit Department audits execution of tasks by each division and subsidiary in a planned manner. Risk Management System Risk Management 200 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents Environment Social
from the CEO Sustainability | GGoovveerrnnaannccee | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management
[TABLE] Risk Management
[TABLE] Risk Management
[TABLE] Our Approach
SUBARU is undertaking risk management as one of its key priority management issues, not only to address emergency
situations when they arise but also to deal with various risks that have a serious impact on daily corporate activities, as well
as to minimize damage when risks emerge.
The automotive industry is ushering in a major transformation, which only occurs once in a hundred years. The SUBARU
Group, which operates businesses globally, is aiming to enhance the resilience of its management infrastructure by ensuring
the sustainability of its businesses by quickly tackling changes in world affairs. At the same time, the Group must boost its
measures to minimize its human, social and economic losses. Amid this environment, it is essential to strategically conduct
risk management throughout the Group to conduct business activities. We therefore believe it is important to create a
SUBARU Group that has an infrastructure that is resilient to risk to enhance our corporate value.
[TABLE] Management System
To prevent the emergence and expansion of risks to the SUBARU Group, the Chief Risk Management Officer (CRMO) appointed
by the Board of Directors leads risk management and compliance activities, reporting their status to the Board of Directors.
As a system to promote risk management, SUBARU has appointed risk management officers (job grade of Chief General
Managers) for each department and established the Risk Management and Compliance Committee. This committee is chaired
by the CRMO, and its vice-chairperson is the vice president in charge of the duties of the Risk Management Group, comprised
of the Risk Management and Compliance Office and the Legal Department. At this committee, members deliberate, discuss,
make decisions, and exchange/communicate information on important matters.
The CRMO leads corporate Group-wide efforts to enhance risk management with professional support from experts in
corporate departments, such as the Risk Management and Compliance Office and the Legal Department. In this leadership
role, the CRMO works closely with the Corporate Planning Department, which performs division-encompassing functions, as
well as different divisions and companies. The Audit Department audits execution of tasks by each division and subsidiary in
a planned manner.
Risk Management System
200

[PAGE 201]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management Governance At the SUBARU Group, we extract and identify key risks associated with our business activities and consider measures to combat them. The major business risks are listed below. Please note that this is not an exhaustive list of all risks relating to the SUBARU Group. Risks related to changes in the economic and financial environments 1Economic trends in major markets 2Exchange rate fluctuations 3Financial markets fluctuations 4Change in raw material costs Risks related to industries and business activities 5Focus on specific businesses and markets 6Changes in the demand and competitive environment in the market 7Responsibility related to products, sales and services 8Supply chain disruptions 9Intellectual property infringement 10Information network security 11Compliance 12Stakeholder communication 13Respect for human rights 14Secure and train human resources 15Climate change Risk of regulations and events in various countries that impact other business activities 16Political, regulatory and legal procedures in various countries that impact business activities 17Impact of disasters, war, terrorism, infections, etc. R i s k M a n a g e m e n t I n i t i a t i v e s In FYE March 2022, the Risk Management and Compliance Committee, as part of its initiatives during times of normalcy, promoted activities for controlling risks during daily operations. It did this by prioritizing high-impact issues while maintaining a strong awareness of the Risk Map created in FYE March 2021 under our Group-wide Risk Management Policy and Risk Management Code of Conduct formulated for each department. Furthermore, to manage risk in a way that is optimized for the entire Group, we held risk management workshops mainly for risk management officers and employees in charge of risk management. We also brought in an external institution for a third-party diagnosis of committee activities, working to improve risk literacy for committee members and invigorate committee activities. In addition, at the Coronavirus Countermeasure Headquarters established in February 2020 as a response to COVID-19, we continued to collect and share relevant information inside and outside the Company, and reviewing the effectiveness of responses in emergency situations. This countermeasures headquarters was closed at the end of March 2022, and we now take the necessary countermeasures within our ordinary business activities as part of our management structure in the with- COVID era. R i s k s A s s o c i a t e d w it h B u s i n e s s A c t i v i t ie s 201 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social
from the CEO Sustainability | GGoovveerrnnaannccee | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management
[TABLE] Risks Associated with Business Activities
[TABLE] At the SUBARU Group, we extract and identify key risks associated with our business activities and consider measures to
combat them.
The major business risks are listed below.
Please note that this is not an exhaustive list of all risks relating to the SUBARU Group.
Risks related to changes in the economic and financial environments
①Economic trends in major markets
②Exchange rate fluctuations
③Financial markets fluctuations
④Change in raw material costs
Risks related to industries and business activities
⑤Focus on specific businesses and markets
⑥Changes in the demand and competitive environment in the market
⑦Responsibility related to products, sales and services
⑧Supply chain disruptions
⑨Intellectual property infringement
⑩Information network security
⑪Compliance
⑫Stakeholder communication
⑬Respect for human rights
⑭Secure and train human resources
⑮Climate change
Risk of regulations and events in various countries that impact other business activities
⑯Political, regulatory and legal procedures in various countries that impact business activities
⑰Impact of disasters, war, terrorism, infections, etc.
Risk Management Initiatives
In FYE March 2022, the Risk Management and Compliance Committee, as part of its initiatives during times of normalcy,
promoted activities for controlling risks during daily operations. It did this by prioritizing high-impact issues while
maintaining a strong awareness of the Risk Map created in FYE March 2021 under our Group-wide Risk Management Policy
and Risk Management Code of Conduct formulated for each department. Furthermore, to manage risk in a way that is
optimized for the entire Group, we held risk management workshops mainly for risk management officers and employees in
charge of risk management. We also brought in an external institution for a third-party diagnosis of committee activities,
working to improve risk literacy for committee members and invigorate committee activities.
In addition, at the Coronavirus Countermeasure Headquarters established in February 2020 as a response to COVID-19, we
continued to collect and share relevant information inside and outside the Company, and reviewing the effectiveness of
responses in emergency situations. This countermeasures headquarters was closed at the end of March 2022, and we now
take the necessary countermeasures within our ordinary business activities as part of our management structure in the with-
COVID era.
201 | At the SUBARU Group, we extract and identify key risks associated with our business activities and consider measures to
combat them.
The major business risks are listed below.
Please note that this is not an exhaustive list of all risks relating to the SUBARU Group.
Risks related to changes in the economic and financial environments
①Economic trends in major markets
②Exchange rate fluctuations
③Financial markets fluctuations
④Change in raw material costs
Risks related to industries and business activities
⑤Focus on specific businesses and markets
⑥Changes in the demand and competitive environment in the market
⑦Responsibility related to products, sales and services
⑧Supply chain disruptions
⑨Intellectual property infringement
⑩Information network security
⑪Compliance
⑫Stakeholder communication
⑬Respect for human rights
⑭Secure and train human resources
⑮Climate change
Risk of regulations and events in various countries that impact other business activities
⑯Political, regulatory and legal procedures in various countries that impact business activities
⑰Impact of disasters, war, terrorism, infections, etc.
[TABLE] Risk Management Initiatives
In FYE March 2022, the Risk Management and Compliance Committee, as part of its initiatives during times of normalcy,
promoted activities for controlling risks during daily operations. It did this by prioritizing high-impact issues while
maintaining a strong awareness of the Risk Map created in FYE March 2021 under our Group-wide Risk Management Policy
and Risk Management Code of Conduct formulated for each department. Furthermore, to manage risk in a way that is
optimized for the entire Group, we held risk management workshops mainly for risk management officers and employees in
charge of risk management. We also brought in an external institution for a third-party diagnosis of committee activities,
working to improve risk literacy for committee members and invigorate committee activities.
In addition, at the Coronavirus Countermeasure Headquarters established in February 2020 as a response to COVID-19, we
continued to collect and share relevant information inside and outside the Company, and reviewing the effectiveness of
responses in emergency situations. This countermeasures headquarters was closed at the end of March 2022, and we now
take the necessary countermeasures within our ordinary business activities as part of our management structure in the with-
COVID era.

[PAGE 202]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management Governance Our Approach At SUBARU, we place focus on initial response during an emergency in accordance with our Emergency Response Policy. Here, crisis management headquarters are set up with the occurrence of a serious incident and a response system is quickly and accurately developed. This leads to the swift achievement of business restoration and contributes to business continuity and BCP . * BCP: Business continuity plan Emergency Response Policy 1. Give first priority to people’s survival and physical safety. 2. Minimize loss of stakeholder interests and corporate value. 3. Act always with honesty, fairness, and transparency, even in an emergency. E m e rge ncy Response The Risk Management and Compliance Office plays a pivotal role in establishing regulations related to emergency response, and the CRMO centrally grasps Group-wide information, with a system to manage company-wide response established. In conjunction with this, during times of normalcy we work to enhance the speed and accuracy of risk recognition and identification when emergency situations arise to the best of our ability by clarifying the roles of each department and the domain of management responsibilities. Especially with the growing threat of large-scale natural disasters, the Risk Management and Compliance Office is currently playing a central role in reorganizing norms of behavior to ensure appropriate initial response that prioritizes human life above all. In addition, each department regularly prepares and updates its own rules and regulations, conducts training sessions, and takes other action. Furthermore, each business site works to enhance its own BCP, including specifying key operations, establishing an emergency contact system, and developing a telework system. While closely collaborating with company-wide shared corporate operations departments, SUBARU is implementing measures to accurately and speedily carry out business continuity and early restoration of operations. A company-wide emergency contact system is in place based on the Emergency Response Basic Manual, and we conduct regular drills in our Safety Confirmation System in preparation for information sharing in the event of disasters that may affect SUBARU. Gunma Plant A portion of the SUBARU Oizumi Plant premises was apportioned, three tennis courts were built there, and the land was donated to Oizumi Town. At that time, a 3,800 m storm water detention tank was installed under the tennis courts to help prevent flooding of the adjacent National Highway No. 354 bypass during periods of rainfall. Construction of the storm water detention tank Donated tennis courts Risk Management: BCP * 2 202 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents Environment Social
from the CEO Sustainability | GGoovveerrnnaannccee | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management
[TABLE] Risk Management: BCP
[TABLE] Risk Management: BCP
[TABLE] Our Approach
At SUBARU, we place focus on initial response during an emergency in accordance with our Emergency Response Policy. Here,
crisis management headquarters are set up with the occurrence of a serious incident and a response system is quickly and
accurately developed. This leads to the swift achievement of business restoration and contributes to business continuity and
BCP*.
* BCP: Business continuity plan
Emergency Response Policy
1. Give first priority to people’s survival and physical safety.
2. Minimize loss of stakeholder interests and corporate value.
3. Act always with honesty, fairness, and transparency, even in an emergency.
[TABLE] Emergency Response
The Risk Management and Compliance Office plays a pivotal role in establishing regulations related to emergency response,
and the CRMO centrally grasps Group-wide information, with a system to manage company-wide response established. In
conjunction with this, during times of normalcy we work to enhance the speed and accuracy of risk recognition and
identification when emergency situations arise to the best of our ability by clarifying the roles of each department and the
domain of management responsibilities. Especially with the growing threat of large-scale natural disasters, the Risk
Management and Compliance Office is currently playing a central role in reorganizing norms of behavior to ensure
appropriate initial response that prioritizes human life above all.
In addition, each department regularly prepares and updates its own rules and regulations, conducts training sessions, and
takes other action. Furthermore, each business site works to enhance its own BCP, including specifying key operations,
establishing an emergency contact system, and developing a telework system. While closely collaborating with company-wide
shared corporate operations departments, SUBARU is implementing measures to accurately and speedily carry out business
continuity and early restoration of operations.
A company-wide emergency contact system is in place based on the Emergency Response Basic Manual, and we conduct
regular drills in our Safety Confirmation System in preparation for information sharing in the event of disasters that may
affect SUBARU.
Gunma Plant
A portion of the SUBARU Oizumi Plant premises was apportioned, three tennis courts were built there, and the land was
donated to Oizumi Town. At that time, a 3,800 m2 storm water detention tank was installed under the tennis courts to help
prevent flooding of the adjacent National Highway No. 354 bypass during periods of rainfall.
Construction of the storm water Donated tennis courts
detention tank
202

[PAGE 203]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management Governance In FYE March 2018, SUBARU conducted work to bolster storm water drainage capacity as a disaster response countermeasure. As a result, the plant has suffered no flood damage. The measures also helped to combat flooding of the surrounding area. In FYE March 2020, SUBARU also registered for Utsunomiya City’s Registration System for Disaster Prevention Cooperation, building a cooperative system with the local community for times of disaster. Furthermore, in March 2020 SUBARU introduced a cogeneration system that can generate electricity using city gas even during lengthy power outages at the plant, and it will continue to take disaster countermeasures at the site, ensure the safety of employees, and establish cooperation with the local community. Flood prevention measure (drainage grid) (Utsunomiya Plant) Utsunomiya Plant Sup p o rt i n g R e s t o rat i o n at Suppliers S tricken by Disas ter Providing support to suppliers during times of emergency is a major pillar of SUBARU’s BCP and is an essential measure for SUBARU, which aims to achieve coexistence and co-prosperity with its suppliers. In FYE March 2022, SUBARU dispatched a cumulative total of more than 500 workers from the Gunma Plant and supporting companies to provide support for restoration work to business partners affected by factory fires during the period immediately after the fires until the end of April 2021. Support work was primarily focused on cleaning areas where fires had occurred and restoring equipment damaged by soot and extinguishing water discharged to stop the fires. We also dispatched 90 employees for two months from mid-October to support the production of a supplier whose production system had been affected by semiconductor supply problems. Going forward, SUBARU aims to derive and strengthen its own unique BCP vision. 203 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social
from the CEO Sustainability | GGoovveerrnnaannccee | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management
[TABLE] Utsunomiya Plant
[TABLE] In FYE March 2018, SUBARU conducted work to bolster storm water drainage capacity as a
disaster response countermeasure. As a result, the plant has suffered no flood damage.
The measures also helped to combat flooding of the surrounding area.
In FYE March 2020, SUBARU also registered for Utsunomiya City’s Registration System for
Disaster Prevention Cooperation, building a cooperative system with the local community
for times of disaster. Furthermore, in March 2020 SUBARU introduced a cogeneration
system that can generate electricity using city gas even during lengthy power outages at
the plant, and it will continue to take disaster countermeasures at the site, ensure the
Flood prevention measure (drainage
safety of employees, and establish cooperation with the local community.
grid) (Utsunomiya Plant)
Supporting Restoration at Suppliers Stricken by Disaster
Providing support to suppliers during times of emergency is a major pillar of SUBARU’s BCP and is an essential measure for
SUBARU, which aims to achieve coexistence and co-prosperity with its suppliers.
In FYE March 2022, SUBARU dispatched a cumulative total of more than 500 workers from the Gunma Plant and supporting
companies to provide support for restoration work to business partners affected by factory fires during the period
immediately after the fires until the end of April 2021. Support work was primarily focused on cleaning areas where fires had
occurred and restoring equipment damaged by soot and extinguishing water discharged to stop the fires. We also dispatched
90 employees for two months from mid-October to support the production of a supplier whose production system had been
affected by semiconductor supply problems.
Going forward, SUBARU aims to derive and strengthen its own unique BCP vision.
203 | In FYE March 2018, SUBARU conducted work to bolster storm water drainage capacity as a
disaster response countermeasure. As a result, the plant has suffered no flood damage.
The measures also helped to combat flooding of the surrounding area.
In FYE March 2020, SUBARU also registered for Utsunomiya City’s Registration System for
Disaster Prevention Cooperation, building a cooperative system with the local community
for times of disaster. Furthermore, in March 2020 SUBARU introduced a cogeneration
system that can generate electricity using city gas even during lengthy power outages at
the plant, and it will continue to take disaster countermeasures at the site, ensure the
Flood prevention measure (drainage
safety of employees, and establish cooperation with the local community.
grid) (Utsunomiya Plant)
[TABLE] Supporting Restoration at Suppliers Stricken by Disaster
Providing support to suppliers during times of emergency is a major pillar of SUBARU’s BCP and is an essential measure for
SUBARU, which aims to achieve coexistence and co-prosperity with its suppliers.
In FYE March 2022, SUBARU dispatched a cumulative total of more than 500 workers from the Gunma Plant and supporting
companies to provide support for restoration work to business partners affected by factory fires during the period
immediately after the fires until the end of April 2021. Support work was primarily focused on cleaning areas where fires had
occurred and restoring equipment damaged by soot and extinguishing water discharged to stop the fires. We also dispatched
90 employees for two months from mid-October to support the production of a supplier whose production system had been
affected by semiconductor supply problems.
Going forward, SUBARU aims to derive and strengthen its own unique BCP vision.

[PAGE 204]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management Governance Our Approach The use of digital data is essential for SUBARU in the course of its business activities. The use of digital data is not limited to traditional information systems but covers diverse realms, including facilities, products, and a whole range of services offered by SUBARU. Being aware of our social responsibility to handle digital data in these realms safely, we have established the Basic Cybersecurity Policy, undertaking information security protection activities Group-wide. Scope of Information Security for the SUBARU Group Basic Cybersecurity Policy Objective SUBARU CORPORATION and its Group companies (hereinafter referred to as “the SUBARU Group”) put in place a Basic Cybersecurity Policy to protect all our conceivable products, services, and information assets from threats arising in the course of our business activities and earn the trust of our customers and society as a whole. Scope This basic policy applies to all executives and employees of the SUBARU Group, and also to the employees and other staff of SUBARU’s subcontractors. Initiatives 1. The SUBARU Group will comply with laws, regulations, and standards, as well as security-related contractual obligations to our customers. 2. The SUBARU Group will put in place and operate management systems and internal regulations concerning cybersecurity. 3. The SUBARU Group will establish information security measures tailored to our information assets and strive to prevent and minimize information security incidents. Should such an incident occur, SUBARU will address it swiftly and appropriately, taking steps to prevent recurrence. 4. The SUBARU Group will strive to ensure information security by providing both executives and employees with education and training, as well as undertaking other efforts to raise their awareness of this issue. 5. The SUBARU Group will continually review and strive to improve the aforementioned activities. Risk Management: Information Security Established in June 2018 204 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents Environment Social
from the CEO Sustainability | GGoovveerrnnaannccee | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management
[TABLE] Risk Management: Information Security
[TABLE] Risk Management: Information Security
[TABLE] Our Approach
The use of digital data is essential for SUBARU in the course of its business activities. The use of digital data is not limited to
traditional information systems but covers diverse realms, including facilities, products, and a whole range of services
offered by SUBARU. Being aware of our social responsibility to handle digital data in these realms safely, we have established
the Basic Cybersecurity Policy, undertaking information security protection activities Group-wide.
Scope of Information Security for the SUBARU Group
Basic Cybersecurity Policy
Objective
SUBARU CORPORATION and its Group companies (hereinafter referred to as “the SUBARU Group”) put in place a Basic
Cybersecurity Policy to protect all our conceivable products, services, and information assets from threats arising in
the course of our business activities and earn the trust of our customers and society as a whole.
Scope
This basic policy applies to all executives and employees of the SUBARU Group, and also to the employees and other
staff of SUBARU’s subcontractors.
Initiatives
1. The SUBARU Group will comply with laws, regulations, and standards, as well as security-related contractual
obligations to our customers.
2. The SUBARU Group will put in place and operate management systems and internal regulations concerning
cybersecurity.
3. The SUBARU Group will establish information security measures tailored to our information assets and strive to
prevent and minimize information security incidents. Should such an incident occur, SUBARU will address it swiftly
and appropriately, taking steps to prevent recurrence.
4. The SUBARU Group will strive to ensure information security by providing both executives and employees with
education and training, as well as undertaking other efforts to raise their awareness of this issue.
5. The SUBARU Group will continually review and strive to improve the aforementioned activities.
Established in June 2018
204

[PAGE 205]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management Governance I n i t i a t i v e s In FYE March 2022, SUBARU conducted e-learning and video training programs based on cybersecurity management system documents in the three domains of In-Car (interior systems), Out-Car (exterior systems), and information systems. Objective: Promote understanding of cybersecurity and mitigate practical security risks Program Details: Education on internal rules requiring compliance in each of the three domains Course Participants: For In-Car system developers: Approx. 750 For general employees and those related to information systems: Approx. 550 Targeted attack email drills: Approx. 12,000 SUBARU also conducted security incident scenario training for incident response teams. As well, we regularly carry out internal audits based on our management system on an ongoing basis. In FYE March 2022, we formulated cybersecurity regulations for the SUBARU Group with the aim of strengthening cooperation systems with Group companies overseas, and launched operation of our management system. In addition, to strengthen cybersecurity at the supply chain level, we are rolling out industry guidelines to our suppliers and providing consultation and other services. P e r s o n a l I n f o r m a t i o n P ro te c t i o n I n it i a t i v e s At the SUBARU Group, Group companies in Japan and overseas are strengthening management systems to properly use and protect personal information. In FYE March 2022, we provided education on the protection of personal information and checked the status of operation to 18 Group companies in Japan. SUBARU, in conjunction with the enactment of the Act on the Protection of Personal Information, undertook various initiatives, including establishing internal systems and rules, and publicly disclosing its privacy policy. Moreover, Group companies in Japan and overseas have begun to build a management system to properly use personal information. In FYE March 2022, SUBARU implemented the following key initiatives in response to the Act on the Protection of Personal Information. In addition, we are working to ensure compliance with laws and regulations by having SUBARU dealerships in Japan that handle large amounts of customer personal information take similar initiatives and report cases on an ad-hoc basis to SUBARU. Furthermore, in compliance with Japan’s Act on the Protection of Personal Information, the SUBARU Group has built a system to conform with the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Training for all departmental and office general managers concerning the Act on the Protection of Personal Information (140 employees took part via e-learning) ・ Identification of management issues by taking stock of personal information held by all departments ・ Confirmation of a check sheet on the status of compliance with related internal rules at all departments and the implementation of a continuous PDCA cycle ・ Revision of related internal rules for compliance with the 2020 revisions to the Act on the Protection of Personal Information ・ 205 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social
from the CEO Sustainability | GGoovveerrnnaannccee | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management
[TABLE] Initiatives
[TABLE] In FYE March 2022, SUBARU conducted e-learning and video training programs based on cybersecurity management system
documents in the three domains of In-Car (interior systems), Out-Car (exterior systems), and information systems.
Objective: Promote understanding of cybersecurity and mitigate practical security risks
Program Details: Education on internal rules requiring compliance in each of the three domains
Course Participants: For In-Car system developers: Approx. 750
For general employees and those related to information systems: Approx. 550
Targeted attack email drills: Approx. 12,000
SUBARU also conducted security incident scenario training for incident response teams. As well, we regularly carry out
internal audits based on our management system on an ongoing basis.
In FYE March 2022, we formulated cybersecurity regulations for the SUBARU Group with the aim of strengthening cooperation
systems with Group companies overseas, and launched operation of our management system. In addition, to strengthen
cybersecurity at the supply chain level, we are rolling out industry guidelines to our suppliers and providing consultation and
other services.
Personal Information Protection Initiatives
At the SUBARU Group, Group companies in Japan and overseas are strengthening management systems to properly use and
protect personal information. In FYE March 2022, we provided education on the protection of personal information and
checked the status of operation to 18 Group companies in Japan.
SUBARU, in conjunction with the enactment of the Act on the Protection of Personal Information, undertook various
initiatives, including establishing internal systems and rules, and publicly disclosing its privacy policy. Moreover, Group
companies in Japan and overseas have begun to build a management system to properly use personal information.
In FYE March 2022, SUBARU implemented the following key initiatives in response to the Act on the Protection of Personal
Information.
・Training for all departmental and office general managers concerning the Act on the Protection of Personal Information
(140 employees took part via e-learning)
・Identification of management issues by taking stock of personal information held by all departments
・Confirmation of a check sheet on the status of compliance with related internal rules at all departments and the
implementation of a continuous PDCA cycle
・Revision of related internal rules for compliance with the 2020 revisions to the Act on the Protection of Personal
Information
In addition, we are working to ensure compliance with laws and regulations by having SUBARU dealerships in Japan that
handle large amounts of customer personal information take similar initiatives and report cases on an ad-hoc basis to
SUBARU.
Furthermore, in compliance with Japan’s Act on the Protection of Personal Information, the SUBARU Group has built a system
to conform with the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
205 | In FYE March 2022, SUBARU conducted e-learning and video training programs based on cybersecurity management system
documents in the three domains of In-Car (interior systems), Out-Car (exterior systems), and information systems.
Objective: Promote understanding of cybersecurity and mitigate practical security risks
Program Details: Education on internal rules requiring compliance in each of the three domains
Course Participants: For In-Car system developers: Approx. 750
For general employees and those related to information systems: Approx. 550
Targeted attack email drills: Approx. 12,000
SUBARU also conducted security incident scenario training for incident response teams. As well, we regularly carry out
internal audits based on our management system on an ongoing basis.
In FYE March 2022, we formulated cybersecurity regulations for the SUBARU Group with the aim of strengthening cooperation
systems with Group companies overseas, and launched operation of our management system. In addition, to strengthen
cybersecurity at the supply chain level, we are rolling out industry guidelines to our suppliers and providing consultation and
other services.
[TABLE] Personal Information Protection Initiatives
At the SUBARU Group, Group companies in Japan and overseas are strengthening management systems to properly use and
protect personal information. In FYE March 2022, we provided education on the protection of personal information and
checked the status of operation to 18 Group companies in Japan.
SUBARU, in conjunction with the enactment of the Act on the Protection of Personal Information, undertook various
initiatives, including establishing internal systems and rules, and publicly disclosing its privacy policy. Moreover, Group
companies in Japan and overseas have begun to build a management system to properly use personal information.
In FYE March 2022, SUBARU implemented the following key initiatives in response to the Act on the Protection of Personal
Information.
・Training for all departmental and office general managers concerning the Act on the Protection of Personal Information
(140 employees took part via e-learning)
・Identification of management issues by taking stock of personal information held by all departments
・Confirmation of a check sheet on the status of compliance with related internal rules at all departments and the
implementation of a continuous PDCA cycle
・Revision of related internal rules for compliance with the 2020 revisions to the Act on the Protection of Personal
Information
In addition, we are working to ensure compliance with laws and regulations by having SUBARU dealerships in Japan that
handle large amounts of customer personal information take similar initiatives and report cases on an ad-hoc basis to
SUBARU.
Furthermore, in compliance with Japan’s Act on the Protection of Personal Information, the SUBARU Group has built a system
to conform with the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).

[PAGE 206]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management Governance Our Approach SUBARU, after identifying its strengths and weaknesses, has put together a vision for its intellectual property activities with aims to achieve the brand management outlined in its mid-term management vision “STEP.” The following is the three-point basic policy being carried out. Basic Intellectual Property Policy 1. Function as a compass for business and R&D strategies using the IP landscape* 2. Throughout SUBARU, we will dedicate ourselves to creating intellectual properties that originate from the market and appropriately manage our intellectual property portfolio to protect and enhance its brand 3. SUBARU will respect the intellectual property rights of others and work thoroughly for patent clearance in product development * In combination with market information on intellectual properties, analyzes the business environment and support strategic plans In addition, to aid in minimizing intellectual property risk through business activities that respect the Group’s intellectual property, protecting, expanding and securing an advantage in business, and protecting the SUBARU brand and maximizing its value, we have established the SUBARU Group Intellectual Property Policy to set guidelines for the following activities. 1. Business activities that respect intellectual property 2. Management and effective utilization of intellectual property 3. Handling lawsuits 4. The SUBARU corporate brand logo M a nagement System Intellectual Property Promotion System Risk Management: Intellectual Property Protection 206 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents Environment Social
from the CEO Sustainability | GGoovveerrnnaannccee | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management
[TABLE] Risk Management: Intellectual Property Protection
[TABLE] Risk Management: Intellectual Property Protection
[TABLE] Our Approach
SUBARU, after identifying its strengths and weaknesses, has put together a vision for its intellectual property activities with
aims to achieve the brand management outlined in its mid-term management vision “STEP.” The following is the three-point
basic policy being carried out.
Basic Intellectual Property Policy
1. Function as a compass for business and R&D strategies using the IP landscape*
2. Throughout SUBARU, we will dedicate ourselves to creating intellectual properties that originate from the market
and appropriately manage our intellectual property portfolio to protect and enhance its brand
3. SUBARU will respect the intellectual property rights of others and work thoroughly for patent clearance in product
development
* In combination with market information on intellectual properties, analyzes the business environment and support strategic plans
In addition, to aid in minimizing intellectual property risk through business activities that respect the Group’s intellectual
property, protecting, expanding and securing an advantage in business, and protecting the SUBARU brand and maximizing its
value, we have established the SUBARU Group Intellectual Property Policy to set guidelines for the following activities.
1. Business activities that respect intellectual property
2. Management and effective utilization of intellectual property
3. Handling lawsuits
4. The SUBARU corporate brand logo
[TABLE] Management System
Intellectual Property Promotion System
206

[PAGE 207]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management Governance Initiatives At SUBARU, the Intellectual Property Department manages, protects, and utilizes intellectual property rights belonging to SUBARU and also implements internal activities that aim to avoid infringing on the intellectual property rights of others. The following are specific activities being undertaken. 1. Support the proposal of strategies using the intellectual property landscape 2. Acquire rights for intellectual properties, including technologies, trademarks, naming, and design, and adequately manage the intellectual property portfolio 3. Conduct a comprehensive survey on the existence of intellectual property rights which may hinder business operations and take measures to prevent and resolve such issues 4. Crack down on counterfeit goods globally, including protection measures at borders for oversight and taxation of online sales 5. Secure intellectual properties, ownership of data, and user rights in technology and business contracts 6. Support the management, protection, and utilization of intellectual property by each SUBARU Group company based on the SUBARU Group’s Basic Intellectual Property Policy In the future, we will work to further strengthen the monitoring of the above efforts by the management team. A w areness Activities At SUBARU, the Intellectual Property Department works with each SUBARU Group company, regularly taking the following awareness activities to instill behavior in compliance with laws and regulations. 1. Implementing rank-specific training for employees involved in development, tailored to their year of entry into the Company and their position (participants in FYE March 2022: approximately 550), and expanding on-demand education content to support autonomous learning by employees 2. Implementing awareness activities through the Patent Promotion Committee, an organization promoting the creation of inventions and patent application activities in each department 3. Development departments are surveying the intellectual property rights of other parties and securing patent clearance O t h e r Matters for Reporting SUBARU is a participant in the Open COVID-19 Declaration initiative with the objective of preventing the spread of COVID-19, and has declared that it will not exercise SUBARU’s intellectual property rights with regard to activities with the purpose of ending the spread of COVID-19. News Release on Participation in the Open COVID-19 Declaration ( Japanese version only) 207 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social
from the CEO Sustainability | GGoovveerrnnaannccee | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
Appendix TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Corporate Governance Compliance Risk Management
[TABLE] Initiatives
At SUBARU, the Intellectual Property Department manages, protects, and utilizes intellectual property rights belonging to
SUBARU and also implements internal activities that aim to avoid infringing on the intellectual property rights of others. The
following are specific activities being undertaken.
1. Support the proposal of strategies using the intellectual property landscape
2. Acquire rights for intellectual properties, including technologies, trademarks, naming, and design, and adequately manage
the intellectual property portfolio
3. Conduct a comprehensive survey on the existence of intellectual property rights which may hinder business operations and
take measures to prevent and resolve such issues
4. Crack down on counterfeit goods globally, including protection measures at borders for oversight and taxation of online
sales
5. Secure intellectual properties, ownership of data, and user rights in technology and business contracts
6. Support the management, protection, and utilization of intellectual property by each SUBARU Group company based on the
SUBARU Group’s Basic Intellectual Property Policy
In the future, we will work to further strengthen the monitoring of the above efforts by the management team.
Awareness Activities
At SUBARU, the Intellectual Property Department works with each SUBARU Group company, regularly taking the following
awareness activities to instill behavior in compliance with laws and regulations.
1. Implementing rank-specific training for employees involved in development, tailored to their year of entry into the
Company and their position (participants in FYE March 2022: approximately 550), and expanding on-demand education
content to support autonomous learning by employees
2. Implementing awareness activities through the Patent Promotion Committee, an organization promoting the creation of
inventions and patent application activities in each department
3. Development departments are surveying the intellectual property rights of other parties and securing patent clearance
Other Matters for Reporting
SUBARU is a participant in the Open COVID-19 Declaration initiative with the objective of preventing the spread of COVID-19,
and has declared that it will not exercise SUBARU’s intellectual property rights with regard to activities with the purpose of
ending the spread of COVID-19.
News Release on Participation in the Open COVID-19 Declaration (Japanese version only)
207 | Initiatives
At SUBARU, the Intellectual Property Department manages, protects, and utilizes intellectual property rights belonging to
SUBARU and also implements internal activities that aim to avoid infringing on the intellectual property rights of others. The
following are specific activities being undertaken.
1. Support the proposal of strategies using the intellectual property landscape
2. Acquire rights for intellectual properties, including technologies, trademarks, naming, and design, and adequately manage
the intellectual property portfolio
3. Conduct a comprehensive survey on the existence of intellectual property rights which may hinder business operations and
take measures to prevent and resolve such issues
4. Crack down on counterfeit goods globally, including protection measures at borders for oversight and taxation of online
sales
5. Secure intellectual properties, ownership of data, and user rights in technology and business contracts
6. Support the management, protection, and utilization of intellectual property by each SUBARU Group company based on the
SUBARU Group’s Basic Intellectual Property Policy
In the future, we will work to further strengthen the monitoring of the above efforts by the management team.
[TABLE] Awareness Activities
At SUBARU, the Intellectual Property Department works with each SUBARU Group company, regularly taking the following
awareness activities to instill behavior in compliance with laws and regulations.
1. Implementing rank-specific training for employees involved in development, tailored to their year of entry into the
Company and their position (participants in FYE March 2022: approximately 550), and expanding on-demand education
content to support autonomous learning by employees
2. Implementing awareness activities through the Patent Promotion Committee, an organization promoting the creation of
inventions and patent application activities in each department
3. Development departments are surveying the intellectual property rights of other parties and securing patent clearance
[TABLE] Other Matters for Reporting
SUBARU is a participant in the Open COVID-19 Declaration initiative with the objective of preventing the spread of COVID-19,
and has declared that it will not exercise SUBARU’s intellectual property rights with regard to activities with the purpose of
ending the spread of COVID-19.
News Release on Participation in the Open COVID-19 Declaration (Japanese version only)

[PAGE 208]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Appendix Appendix 209 Corporate Overview 215 Third-party Evaluations 216 Editorial Policy 208 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents Environment Social Governance
from the CEO Sustainability | AAppppeennddiixx | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Appendix
209 Corporate Overview
215 Third-party Evaluations
216 Editorial Policy
208

[PAGE 209]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Appendix C o r porate Overview Corporate Profile Overview S t ock Information Corporate Profile Stock Information M e m b e r ship of Industry Bodies Keidanren ( Japan Business Federation) Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association, Inc. ( JAMA) The Society of Japanese Aerospace Companies (SJAC) Japan Aircraft Development Corporation ( JADC) SUBARU strives to enhance collaboration with external institutions in order to fulfill its social responsibilities. Among them are Keidanren, JAMA, SJAC, JADC, and other industry bodies and administrative bodies, as well as local communities in which our business sites are located. Corporate Overview 209 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents Environment Social Governance
from the CEO Sustainability | AAppppeennddiixx | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Corporate Overview
[TABLE] Corporate Overview
Corporate Profile Overview
Stock Information
Corporate Profile Stock Information
Membership of Industry Bodies
Keidanren (Japan Business Federation)
Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association, Inc. (JAMA)
The Society of Japanese Aerospace Companies (SJAC)
Japan Aircraft Development Corporation (JADC)
SUBARU strives to enhance collaboration with external institutions in order to fulfill its social responsibilities.
Among them are Keidanren, JAMA, SJAC, JADC, and other industry bodies and administrative bodies, as well as local
communities in which our business sites are located.
209
[TABLE] Corporate Overview
[TABLE] Corporate Overview
Corporate Profile Overview
[TABLE] Stock Information
Corporate Profile Stock Information
[TABLE] Membership of Industry Bodies
Keidanren (Japan Business Federation)
Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association, Inc. (JAMA)
The Society of Japanese Aerospace Companies (SJAC)
Japan Aircraft Development Corporation (JADC)
SUBARU strives to enhance collaboration with external institutions in order to fulfill its social responsibilities.
Among them are Keidanren, JAMA, SJAC, JADC, and other industry bodies and administrative bodies, as well as local
communities in which our business sites are located.

[PAGE 210]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Appendix Revenue O perating Income Pro f i t f o r t h e P e r i o d Attributab le to Owners of Parent Financial Highlights 210 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents Environment Social Governance
from the CEO Sustainability | AAppppeennddiixx | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Financial Highlights
[TABLE] Financial Highlights
[TABLE] Revenue
[TABLE] Operating Income
Profit for the Period Attributable to Owners of Parent
210

[PAGE 211]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Appendix * Automobile sales of SUBARU CORPORATION and its consolidated subsidiaries C o n s o l i d a t e d A u t o m o b i le S a l e s by M o d e l * Automobile sales of SUBARU CORPORATION and its consolidated subsidiaries Business Segments and Scope of Consolidation The SUBARU Group consists of three business segments: the core Automotive Business Unit, the Aerospace Company, and Other Businesses consisting of businesses that do not belong to either of the other two segments. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 (April 1, 2021 to March 31, 2022), SUBARU CORPORATION, 73 subsidiaries, and 10 equity-method affiliated companies were included in the scope of consolidation. C o n s o l i d a t e d A u t o m o b i l e S a l e s by R e g i o n 211 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social Governance
from the CEO Sustainability | AAppppeennddiixx | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Consolidated Automobile Sales by Region
[TABLE] * Automobile sales of SUBARU CORPORATION and its consolidated subsidiaries
Consolidated Automobile Sales by Model
* Automobile sales of SUBARU CORPORATION and its consolidated subsidiaries
Business Segments and Scope of Consolidation
The SUBARU Group consists of three business segments: the core Automotive Business Unit, the Aerospace Company, and
Other Businesses consisting of businesses that do not belong to either of the other two segments. In the fiscal year ended
March 31, 2022 (April 1, 2021 to March 31, 2022), SUBARU CORPORATION, 73 subsidiaries, and 10 equity-method affiliated
companies were included in the scope of consolidation.
211 | * Automobile sales of SUBARU CORPORATION and its consolidated subsidiaries
[TABLE] Consolidated Automobile Sales by Model
* Automobile sales of SUBARU CORPORATION and its consolidated subsidiaries
Business Segments and Scope of Consolidation
The SUBARU Group consists of three business segments: the core Automotive Business Unit, the Aerospace Company, and
Other Businesses consisting of businesses that do not belong to either of the other two segments. In the fiscal year ended
March 31, 2022 (April 1, 2021 to March 31, 2022), SUBARU CORPORATION, 73 subsidiaries, and 10 equity-method affiliated
companies were included in the scope of consolidation.

[PAGE 212]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Appendix Global Network Domestic Business Sites Global Network 212 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents Environment Social Governance
from the CEO Sustainability | AAppppeennddiixx | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Global Network
[TABLE] Global Network
[TABLE] Global Network
Domestic Business Sites
212

[PAGE 213]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Appendix A u t omotive Business Unit sales:- Sales regions:- Unit sales:64,000 Sales region:North America and other Unit sales:193,000 Sales regions:Japan, North America, Europe, Australia, China, and other Unit sales:237,000 Sales regions:Japan, North America, Europe, Australia, China, and other Unit sales:201,000 Sales regions:Japan, North America, Europe, Australia, China, and other Unit sales:26,000 Sales regions:Japan, Europe, Australia, and other Unit sales:33,000 Sales regions:Japan, North America, Australia, and other Unit sales:7,000 Sales regions:Japan, North America, Europe, Australia, China, and other Unit sales:25,000 Sales regions:North America, Australia, China, and other Unit sales:56,000 Sales regions:Japan, North America, Europe, Australia, and other OEM models Unit sales:20,000 Sales region:Japan (OEM supply from Daihatsu Motor Co., Ltd.) Product Lineup 213 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents Environment Social Governance
from the CEO Sustainability | AAppppeennddiixx | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Product Lineup
[TABLE] Product Lineup
[TABLE] Automotive Business
Unit sales︓- Unit sales︓64,000 Unit sales︓193,000 Unit sales︓237,000
Sales regions︓- Sales region︓North Sales regions︓Japan, Sales regions︓Japan,
America and other North America, Europe, North America, Europe,
Australia, China, and other Australia, China, and other
Unit sales︓201,000 Unit sales︓26,000 Unit sales︓33,000 Unit sales︓7,000
Sales regions︓Japan, Sales regions︓Japan, Sales regions︓Japan, Sales regions︓Japan,
North America, Europe, Europe, Australia, and North America, Australia, North America, Europe,
Australia, China, and other other and other Australia, China, and other
Unit sales︓25,000 Unit sales︓56,000
Sales regions︓North Sales regions︓Japan,
America, Australia, China, North America, Europe,
and other Australia, and other
OEM models
Unit sales︓20,000
Sales region︓Japan
(OEM supply from Daihatsu Motor Co., Ltd.)
213

[PAGE 214]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Appendix * Retail unit sales in each region in the period from January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021. * Regional sales refer to actual sales during the target period. A e rospace Company SUBARU BELL 412EPX UH-2 for Japan Ground Self- Defense Force ( JGSDF) The Center Wing Section of Boeing 777X 214 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social Governance
from the CEO Sustainability | AAppppeennddiixx | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU C
TCFD Content Index Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] * Retail unit sales in each region in the period from January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021.
* Regional sales refer to actual sales during the target period.
[TABLE] Aerospace Company
SUBARU BELL 412EPX UH-2 for Japan Ground Self- The Center Wing Section of Boeing 777X
Defense Force (JGSDF)
214 | Aerospace Company
SUBARU BELL 412EPX UH-2 for Japan Ground Self- The Center Wing Section of Boeing 777X
Defense Force (JGSDF)

[PAGE 215]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Appendix For three consecutive years since 2020, SUBARU has been selected as a constituent of the FTSE Blossom Japan Index, created by the global index provider FTSE Russell, a wholly owned subsidiary of London Stock Exchange Group. In addition, in 2022 the Company was selected as a constituent of FTSE Russell’s newly developed FTSE Blossom Japan Sector Relative Index. The FTSE Blossom Japan Index and FTSE Blossom Japan Sector Relative Index have been adopted as core ESG benchmarks by the Government Pension Investment Fund (GPIF) of Japan, the world’s largest public pension fund. * FTSE Russell (the trading name of FTSE International Limited and Frank Russell Company) confirms that SUBARU CORPORATION has been independently assessed according to the FTSE4Good criteria, and has satisfied the requirements to become a constituent of the FTSE4Good Index Series. Created by the global index provider FTSE Russell, the FTSE4Good Index Series is designed to measure the performance of companies demonstrating strong Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) practices. The FTSE4Good indices are used by a wide variety of market participants to create and assess responsible investment funds and other products. SUBARU has been once again named a Supplier Engagement Leader by international nonprofit organization CDP, receiving the highest rating for the second consecutive year in the organization’s 2021 Supplier Engagement Rating. The CDP Supplier Engagement Rating evaluates how effectively companies that answer the CDP climate change questionnaire tackle climate change with their suppliers. SUBARU’s supplier selection criteria includes compliance with the SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines and SUBARU Green Procurement Guidelines, and suppliers are further required to formulate an environmental management system. Furthermore, we hold Policy Briefings every two quarters in an effort to share with suppliers our medium- to long-term management strategies and our quality, procurement, production, and sales policies. In this way, SUBARU is constantly striving to appropriately communicate with our suppliers and advance efforts to deal with climate change. SUBARU will continue to promote activities for sustainable procurement, aiming to harmonize people, society, and the environment. *1 CDP is a global nonprofit charity that drives companies and governments to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions, safeguard water resources, and protect forests. CDP runs the global disclosure system for investors, companies, cities, states, and regions to manage their environmental impacts. *2 The highest rating in CDP’s 2020 evaluation was called “Leaderboard.” This was changed to “Supplier Engagement Leader ” from the 2021 evaluation. CDP’s global website T h i rd-party Evaluations SUBARU CORPORATION Selected for First Time as Constituent of FTSE Blossom Japan Index and FTSE Blossom Japan Sector Relative Index FTSE website SUBARU Named as a Supplier Engagement Leader again in 2021, the Highest Rating in the CDP Supplier Engagement Rating Third-party Evaluations *1 *2 215 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents Environment Social Governance
from the CEO Sustainability | AAppppeennddiixx | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Third-party Evaluations
[TABLE] Third-party Evaluations
SUBARU CORPORATION Selected for First Time as Constituent of FTSE Blossom Japan Index and
FTSE Blossom Japan Sector Relative Index
For three consecutive years since 2020, SUBARU has been selected as a constituent of the
FTSE Blossom Japan Index, created by the global index provider FTSE Russell, a wholly
owned subsidiary of London Stock Exchange Group.
In addition, in 2022 the Company was selected as a constituent of FTSE Russell’s newly
developed FTSE Blossom Japan Sector Relative Index.
The FTSE Blossom Japan Index and FTSE Blossom Japan Sector Relative Index have been
adopted as core ESG benchmarks by the Government Pension Investment Fund (GPIF) of
Japan, the world’s largest public pension fund.
* FTSE Russell (the trading name of FTSE International Limited and Frank Russell Company) confirms
that SUBARU CORPORATION has been independently assessed according to the FTSE4Good criteria,
and has satisfied the requirements to become a constituent of the FTSE4Good Index Series.
Created by the global index provider FTSE Russell, the FTSE4Good Index Series is designed to
measure the performance of companies demonstrating strong Environmental, Social and
Governance (ESG) practices. The FTSE4Good indices are used by a wide variety of market
participants to create and assess responsible investment funds and other products.
FTSE website
SUBARU Named as a Supplier Engagement Leader again in 2021, the Highest Rating in the CDP
Supplier Engagement Rating
SUBARU has been once again named a Supplier Engagement Leader*1 by international
nonprofit organization CDP,*2 receiving the highest rating for the second consecutive year
in the organization’s 2021 Supplier Engagement Rating.
The CDP Supplier Engagement Rating evaluates how effectively companies that answer the
CDP climate change questionnaire tackle climate change with their suppliers. SUBARU’s
supplier selection criteria includes compliance with the SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines
and SUBARU Green Procurement Guidelines, and suppliers are further required to
formulate an environmental management system. Furthermore, we hold Policy Briefings
every two quarters in an effort to share with suppliers our medium- to long-term
management strategies and our quality, procurement, production, and sales policies. In
this way, SUBARU is constantly striving to appropriately communicate with our suppliers
and advance efforts to deal with climate change.
SUBARU will continue to promote activities for sustainable procurement, aiming to
harmonize people, society, and the environment.
*1 CDP is a global nonprofit charity that drives companies and governments to reduce their
greenhouse gas emissions, safeguard water resources, and protect forests. CDP runs the global
disclosure system for investors, companies, cities, states, and regions to manage their
environmental impacts.
*2 The highest rating in CDP’s 2020 evaluation was called “Leaderboard.” This was changed to
“Supplier Engagement Leader” from the 2021 evaluation.
CDP’s global website
215
[TABLE] Third-party Evaluations
[TABLE] Third-party Evaluations
SUBARU CORPORATION Selected for First Time as Constituent of FTSE Blossom Japan Index and
FTSE Blossom Japan Sector Relative Index
For three consecutive years since 2020, SUBARU has been selected as a constituent of the
FTSE Blossom Japan Index, created by the global index provider FTSE Russell, a wholly
owned subsidiary of London Stock Exchange Group.
In addition, in 2022 the Company was selected as a constituent of FTSE Russell’s newly
developed FTSE Blossom Japan Sector Relative Index.
The FTSE Blossom Japan Index and FTSE Blossom Japan Sector Relative Index have been
adopted as core ESG benchmarks by the Government Pension Investment Fund (GPIF) of
Japan, the world’s largest public pension fund.
* FTSE Russell (the trading name of FTSE International Limited and Frank Russell Company) confirms
that SUBARU CORPORATION has been independently assessed according to the FTSE4Good criteria,
and has satisfied the requirements to become a constituent of the FTSE4Good Index Series.
Created by the global index provider FTSE Russell, the FTSE4Good Index Series is designed to
measure the performance of companies demonstrating strong Environmental, Social and
Governance (ESG) practices. The FTSE4Good indices are used by a wide variety of market
participants to create and assess responsible investment funds and other products.
FTSE website
SUBARU Named as a Supplier Engagement Leader again in 2021, the Highest Rating in the CDP
Supplier Engagement Rating
SUBARU has been once again named a Supplier Engagement Leader*1 by international
nonprofit organization CDP,*2 receiving the highest rating for the second consecutive year
in the organization’s 2021 Supplier Engagement Rating.
The CDP Supplier Engagement Rating evaluates how effectively companies that answer the
CDP climate change questionnaire tackle climate change with their suppliers. SUBARU’s
supplier selection criteria includes compliance with the SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines
and SUBARU Green Procurement Guidelines, and suppliers are further required to
formulate an environmental management system. Furthermore, we hold Policy Briefings
every two quarters in an effort to share with suppliers our medium- to long-term
management strategies and our quality, procurement, production, and sales policies. In
this way, SUBARU is constantly striving to appropriately communicate with our suppliers
and advance efforts to deal with climate change.
SUBARU will continue to promote activities for sustainable procurement, aiming to
harmonize people, society, and the environment.
*1 CDP is a global nonprofit charity that drives companies and governments to reduce their
greenhouse gas emissions, safeguard water resources, and protect forests. CDP runs the global
disclosure system for investors, companies, cities, states, and regions to manage their
environmental impacts.
*2 The highest rating in CDP’s 2020 evaluation was called “Leaderboard.” This was changed to
“Supplier Engagement Leader” from the 2021 evaluation.
CDP’s global website

[PAGE 216]
E ditorial Policy The SUBARU Group (SUBARU CORPORATION and all its subsidiaries) seeks to become a company that is trusted by society by fulfilling its social responsibility as a corporate group, aiming for sustainable growth and contributing to the creation of an enjoyable, sustainable society. This Sustainability & CSR website, in line with the SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy, outlines the SUBARU Group’s approach, targets, and initiatives for sustainability. It aims to promote communication with our stakeholders, including customers, shareholders, business partners, local communities, and employees, and to further enhance our sustainability- related initiatives. The descriptions contained in this website regarding SUBARU’s product specifications and equipment refer to Japanese specifications, unless otherwise stated. Scope of Reporting In principle, the report covers the SUBARU Group (SUBARU CORPORATION and all its subsidiaries). In this website, the “SUBARU Group” or “the Group” refers to the SUBARU Group; “SUBARU” refers to SUBARU CORPORATION; “affiliated companies (affiliates)” refers to SUBARU’s subsidiaries in Japan and overseas, including dealerships in the Automotive Business; and “Group companies” refers to SUBARU’s subsidiaries in Japan, excluding dealerships in the Automotive Business. Reporting Period * The departments, titles, etc. of the people introduced in this report are as of the time of writing. Guidelines Referenced Period Issued Special Notice on Prospects This website includes a variety of statements regarding the prospects, plans, forecasts, etc. for the future of SUBARU and the SUBARU Group member companies. Since the statements contained here are based on past events and available information at the time of this report’s drafting, please note that outcomes may differ from forecasts depending on future economic trends, the Group’s business environment, and other factors. Editorial Policy In principle, this report covers FYE March 2022 (April 1, 2021 to March 31, 2022); however, some information listed is from outside this reporting period. ・ GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards ・ Environmental Reporting Guidelines 2018 by the Ministry of the Environment, Japan ・ Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Recommended Disclosure Items ・ Previous issue: October 2021 ・ Current issue: October 2022 ・ Next scheduled issue: October 2022 ・ Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents Appendix 216 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents Environment Social Governance
from the CEO Sustainability | AAppppeennddiixx | GRI Content Index/ SUBARU CORPORATION
TCFD Content Index Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] Editorial Policy
[TABLE] Editorial Policy
[TABLE] Editorial Policy
The SUBARU Group (SUBARU CORPORATION and all its subsidiaries) seeks to become a company that is trusted by society by
fulfilling its social responsibility as a corporate group, aiming for sustainable growth and contributing to the creation of an
enjoyable, sustainable society.
This Sustainability & CSR website, in line with the SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy, outlines the SUBARU Group’s
approach, targets, and initiatives for sustainability. It aims to promote communication with our stakeholders, including
customers, shareholders, business partners, local communities, and employees, and to further enhance our sustainability-
related initiatives. The descriptions contained in this website regarding SUBARU’s product specifications and equipment refer
to Japanese specifications, unless otherwise stated.
[TABLE] Scope of Reporting
In principle, the report covers the SUBARU Group (SUBARU CORPORATION and all its subsidiaries). In this website, the
“SUBARU Group” or “the Group” refers to the SUBARU Group; “SUBARU” refers to SUBARU CORPORATION; “affiliated companies
(affiliates)” refers to SUBARU’s subsidiaries in Japan and overseas, including dealerships in the Automotive Business; and
“Group companies” refers to SUBARU’s subsidiaries in Japan, excluding dealerships in the Automotive Business.
Reporting Period
・In principle, this report covers FYE March 2022 (April 1, 2021 to March 31, 2022); however, some information listed is from
outside this reporting period.
* The departments, titles, etc. of the people introduced in this report are as of the time of writing.
Guidelines Referenced
・GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards
・Environmental Reporting Guidelines 2018 by the Ministry of the Environment, Japan
・Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Recommended Disclosure Items
Period Issued
・Previous issue: October 2021
・Current issue: October 2022
・Next scheduled issue: October 2022
Special Notice on Prospects
This website includes a variety of statements regarding the prospects, plans, forecasts, etc. for the future of SUBARU and the
SUBARU Group member companies. Since the statements contained here are based on past events and available information
at the time of this report’s drafting, please note that outcomes may differ from forecasts depending on future economic
trends, the Group’s business environment, and other factors.
216

[PAGE 217]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index 218 GRI Content Index 238 TCFD Content Index 217 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the CEO Sustainability | GGRRII CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx//
TTCCFFDD CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx | SUBARU CORPORATION
Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] GRI Content Index/TCFD Content Index
218 GRI Content Index
238 TCFD Content Index
217

[PAGE 218]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index In reference to the reporting requirements set forth by the GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards, the content index indicates where you can find the relevant information in the Sustainability Website, annual securities report, Corporate Governance Report, and others. * Not applicable (NA): Item that is irrelevant or has no cases in which we are involved on a material level. * –: Item we do not disclose. U n i versal Standards Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016 1. Organizational Profile 102-1 Name of the organization a. Name of the organization. Corporate Overview 102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services a. A description of the organization’s activities. b. Primary brands, products, and services, including an explanation of any products or services that are banned in certain markets. Product Lineup 102-3 Location of headquarters a. Location of the organization’s headquarters. Corporate Overview 102-4 Location of operations a. Number of countries where the organization operates, and the names of countries where it has significant operations and/or that are relevant to the topics covered in the report. Global Network 102-5 Ownership and legal form a. Nature of ownership and legal form. Corporate Overview 102-6 Markets served a. Markets served, including: i. geographic locations where products and services are offered; ii. sectors served; iii. types of customers and beneficiaries. Global Network 102-7 Scale of the organization a. Scale of the organization, including: i. total number of employees; ii. total number of operations; iii. net sales (for private sector organizations) or net revenues (for public sector organizations); iv. total capitalization (for private sector organizations) broken down in terms of debt and equity; v. quantity of products or services provided. Employee Data Corporate Overview Financial Highlights 102-8 Information on employees and other workers a. Total number of employees by employment contract (permanent and temporary), by gender. b. Total number of employees by employment contract (permanent and temporary), by region. c. Total number of employees by employment type (full-time and part-time), by gender. d. Whether a significant portion of the organization’s activities are performed by workers who are not employees. If applicable, a description of the nature and scale of work performed by workers who are not employees. e. Any significant variations in the numbers reported in Disclosures 102-8-a, 102-8-b, and 102-8-c (such as seasonal variations in the tourism or agricultural industries). f. An explanation of how the data have been compiled, including any assumptions made. Employee Data 102-9 Supply chain a. A description of the organization’s supply chain, including its main elements as they relate to the organization’s activities, primary brands, products, and services. CSR Procurement GRI Content Index 218 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the CEO Sustainability | GGRRII CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx//
TTCCFFDD CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx | SUBARU CORPORATION
Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] GRI Content Index
[TABLE] GRI Content Index
[TABLE] In reference to the reporting requirements set forth by the GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards, the content index
indicates where you can find the relevant information in the Sustainability Website, annual securities report, Corporate
Governance Report, and others.
*Not applicable (NA): Item that is irrelevant or has no cases in which we are involved on a material level.
*–: Item we do not disclose.
Universal Standards
Item
Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
Number
GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016
1.Organizational Profile
Name of the
102-1 a.Name of the organization. Corporate Overview
organization
a.A description of the organization’s activities.
Activities, brands, b. Primary brands, products, and services, including an
102-2 Product Lineup
products, and services explanation of any products or services that are banned in
certain markets.
Location of
102-3 a.Location of the organization’s headquarters. Corporate Overview
headquarters
a. Number of countries where the organization operates, and
102-4 Location of operations the names of countries where it has significant operations Global Network
and/or that are relevant to the topics covered in the report.
Ownership and legal
102-5 a.Nature of ownership and legal form. Corporate Overview
form
a.Markets served, including:
i. geographic locations where products and services are
102-6 Markets served offered; Global Network
ii.sectors served;
iii.types of customers and beneficiaries.
a.Scale of the organization, including:
i.total number of employees;
ii.total number of operations; Employee Data
iii. net sales (for private sector organizations) or net revenues
102-7 Scale of the organization Corporate Overview
(for public sector organizations);
Financial Highlights
iv. total capitalization (for private sector organizations) broken
down in terms of debt and equity;
v.quantity of products or services provided.
a. Total number of employees by employment contract
(permanent and temporary), by gender.
b. Total number of employees by employment contract
(permanent and temporary), by region.
c. Total number of employees by employment type (full-time
and part-time), by gender.
Information on d. Whether a significant portion of the organization’s activities
102-8 employees and other are performed by workers who are not employees. If Employee Data
workers applicable, a description of the nature and scale of work
performed by workers who are not employees.
e. Any significant variations in the numbers reported in
Disclosures 102-8-a, 102-8-b, and 102-8-c (such as seasonal
variations in the tourism or agricultural industries).
f. An explanation of how the data have been compiled,
including any assumptions made.
a. A description of the organization’s supply chain, including its
102-9 Supply chain main elements as they relate to the organization’s activities, CSR Procurement
primary brands, products, and services.
218
[TABLE] Item
Number | Disclosure | Reporting Requirements | Corresponding Sections
[TABLE] GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016
[TABLE] 1.Organizational Profile
[TABLE] 102-1 | Name of the
organization | a.Name of the organization. | Corporate Overview
[TABLE] 102-2 | Activities, brands,
products, and services | a.A description of the organization’s activities.
b. Primary brands, products, and services, including an
explanation of any products or services that are banned in
certain markets. | Product Lineup
[TABLE] 102-3 | Location of
headquarters | a.Location of the organization’s headquarters. | Corporate Overview
[TABLE] 102-4 | Location of operations | a. Number of countries where the organization operates, and
the names of countries where it has significant operations
and/or that are relevant to the topics covered in the report. | Global Network
[TABLE] 102-5 | Ownership and legal
form | a.Nature of ownership and legal form. | Corporate Overview
[TABLE] 102-6 | Markets served | a.Markets served, including:
i. geographic locations where products and services are
offered;
ii.sectors served;
iii.types of customers and beneficiaries. | Global Network
[TABLE] 102-7 | Scale of the organization | a.Scale of the organization, including:
i.total number of employees;
ii.total number of operations;
iii. net sales (for private sector organizations) or net revenues
(for public sector organizations);
iv. total capitalization (for private sector organizations) broken
down in terms of debt and equity;
v.quantity of products or services provided. | Employee Data
Corporate Overview
Financial Highlights
[TABLE] 102-8 | Information on
employees and other
workers | a. Total number of employees by employment contract
(permanent and temporary), by gender.
b. Total number of employees by employment contract
(permanent and temporary), by region.
c. Total number of employees by employment type (full-time
and part-time), by gender.
d. Whether a significant portion of the organization’s activities
are performed by workers who are not employees. If
applicable, a description of the nature and scale of work
performed by workers who are not employees.
e. Any significant variations in the numbers reported in
Disclosures 102-8-a, 102-8-b, and 102-8-c (such as seasonal
variations in the tourism or agricultural industries).
f. An explanation of how the data have been compiled,
including any assumptions made. | Employee Data
[TABLE] 102-9 | Supply chain | a. A description of the organization’s supply chain, including its
main elements as they relate to the organization’s activities,
primary brands, products, and services. | CSR Procurement

[PAGE 219]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections 102-10 Significant changes to the organization and its supply chain a. Significant changes to the organization’s size, structure, ownership, or supply chain, including: i. Changes in the location of, or changes in, operations, including facility openings, closings, and expansions; ii. Changes in the share capital structure and other capital formation, maintenance, and alteration operations (for private sector organizations); iii. Changes in the location of suppliers, the structure of the supply chain, or relationships with suppliers, including selection and termination. N/A 102-11 Precautionary Principle or approach a. Whether and how the organization applies the Precautionary Principle or approach. Acquisition of External Certific ation for Environmental Mana gement Systems Occupational Health and Safet y Green Procurement Guidelines Information Security Intellectual Property Protectio n 102-12 External initiatives a. A list of externally-developed economic, environmental and social charters, principles, or other initiatives to which the organization subscribes, or which it endorses. 102-13 Membership of associations a. A list of the main memberships of industry or other associations, and national or international advocacy organizations. 2. Strategy 102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker a. A statement from the most senior decision-maker of the organization (such as CEO, chair, or equivalent senior position) about the relevance of sustainability to the organization and its strategy for addressing sustainability. 102-15 Key impacts, risks, and opportunities a. A description of key impacts, risks, and opportunities. SUBARU Group’s Six Priority Ar eas for CSR 3. Ethics and Integrity 102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior a. A description of the organization’s values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior. SUBARU’s Vision - Delivering h appiness to all - 102-17 Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics a. A description of internal and external mechanisms for: i. seeking advice about ethical and lawful behavior, and organizational integrity; ii. reporting concerns about unethical or unlawful behavior, and organizational integrity. Compliance Hotline 4. Governance 102-18 Governance structure a. Governance structure of the organization, including committees of the highest governance body. b. Committees responsible for decision-making on economic, environmental, and social topics. Corporate Governance>Manag ement System Directors of the Board / Execut ive Officers Environmental Risk Manageme nt System 102-19 Delegating authority a. Process for delegating authority for economic, environmental, and social topics from the highest governance body to senior executives and other employees. Environmental Risk Manageme nt System 102-20 Executive-level responsibility for economic, environmental, and social topics a. Whether the organization has appointed an executive-level position or positions with responsibility for economic, environmental, and social topics. b. Whether post holders report directly to the highest governance body. Environmental Management 219 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the CEO Sustainability | GGRRII CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx//
TTCCFFDD CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx | SUBARU C
Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Item
Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
Number
[TABLE] a. Significant changes to the organization’s size, structure,
ownership, or supply chain, including:
i.Changes in the location of, or changes in, operations,
including facility openings, closings, and expansions;
Significant changes to
ii. Changes in the share capital structure and other capital
102-10 the organization and its N/A
formation, maintenance, and alteration operations (for private
supply chain
sector organizations);
iii. Changes in the location of suppliers, the structure of the
supply chain, or relationships with suppliers, including
selection and termination.
Acquisition of External Certific
ation for Environmental Mana
gement Systems
Occupational Health and Safet
Precautionary Principle a. Whether and how the organization applies the Precautionary y
102-11
or approach Principle or approach.
Green Procurement Guidelines
Information Security
Intellectual Property Protectio
n
a. A list of externally-developed economic, environmental and
102-12 External initiatives social charters, principles, or other initiatives to which the
organization subscribes, or which it endorses.
a. A list of the main memberships of industry or other
Membership of
102-13 associations, and national or international advocacy
associations
organizations.
2.Strategy
a. A statement from the most senior decision-maker of the
Statement from senior organization (such as CEO, chair, or equivalent senior position)
102-14
decision-maker about the relevance of sustainability to the organization and its
strategy for addressing sustainability.
Key impacts, risks, and SUBARU Group’s Six Priority Ar
102-15 a.A description of key impacts, risks, and opportunities.
opportunities eas for CSR
3.Ethics and Integrity
Values, principles,
a. A description of the organization’s values, principles, SUBARU’s Vision - Delivering h
102-16 standards, and norms of
standards, and norms of behavior. appiness to all -
behavior
a.A description of internal and external mechanisms for:
Mechanisms for advice i. seeking advice about ethical and lawful behavior, and
102-17 and concerns about organizational integrity; Compliance Hotline
ethics ii. reporting concerns about unethical or unlawful behavior,
and organizational integrity.
4.Governance
Corporate Governance>Manag
ement System
a. Governance structure of the organization, including
committees of the highest governance body. Directors of the Board / Execut
102-18 Governance structure
b. Committees responsible for decision-making on economic, ive Officers
environmental, and social topics. Environmental Risk Manageme
nt System
a. Process for delegating authority for economic,
Environmental Risk Manageme
102-19 Delegating authority environmental, and social topics from the highest governance
nt System
body to senior executives and other employees.
Executive-level a. Whether the organization has appointed an executive-level
responsibility for position or positions with responsibility for economic,
102-20 economic, environmental, and social topics. Environmental Management
environmental, and b. Whether post holders report directly to the highest
social topics governance body.
219
[TABLE] Item
Number | Disclosure | Reporting Requirements | Corresponding Sections
[TABLE] 102-10 | Significant changes to
the organization and its
supply chain | a. Significant changes to the organization’s size, structure,
ownership, or supply chain, including:
i.Changes in the location of, or changes in, operations,
including facility openings, closings, and expansions;
ii. Changes in the share capital structure and other capital
formation, maintenance, and alteration operations (for private
sector organizations);
iii. Changes in the location of suppliers, the structure of the
supply chain, or relationships with suppliers, including
selection and termination. | N/A
[TABLE] 102-11 | Precautionary Principle
or approach | a. Whether and how the organization applies the Precautionary
Principle or approach. | Acquisition of External Certific
ation for Environmental Mana
gement Systems
Occupational Health and Safet
y
Green Procurement Guidelines
Information Security
Intellectual Property Protectio
n
[TABLE] 102-12 | External initiatives | a. A list of externally-developed economic, environmental and
social charters, principles, or other initiatives to which the
organization subscribes, or which it endorses.
[TABLE] 102-13 | Membership of
associations | a. A list of the main memberships of industry or other
associations, and national or international advocacy
organizations.
[TABLE] 2.Strategy
[TABLE] 102-14 | Statement from senior
decision-maker | a. A statement from the most senior decision-maker of the
organization (such as CEO, chair, or equivalent senior position)
about the relevance of sustainability to the organization and its
strategy for addressing sustainability.
[TABLE] 102-15 | Key impacts, risks, and
opportunities | a.A description of key impacts, risks, and opportunities. | SUBARU Group’s Six Priority Ar
eas for CSR
[TABLE] 3.Ethics and Integrity
[TABLE] 102-16 | Values, principles,
standards, and norms of
behavior | a. A description of the organization’s values, principles,
standards, and norms of behavior. | SUBARU’s Vision - Delivering h
appiness to all -
[TABLE] 102-17 | Mechanisms for advice
and concerns about
ethics | a.A description of internal and external mechanisms for:
i. seeking advice about ethical and lawful behavior, and
organizational integrity;
ii. reporting concerns about unethical or unlawful behavior,
and organizational integrity. | Compliance Hotline
[TABLE] 4.Governance
[TABLE] 102-18 | Governance structure | a. Governance structure of the organization, including
committees of the highest governance body.
b. Committees responsible for decision-making on economic,
environmental, and social topics. | Corporate Governance>Manag
ement System
Directors of the Board / Execut
ive Officers
Environmental Risk Manageme
nt System
[TABLE] 102-19 | Delegating authority | a. Process for delegating authority for economic,
environmental, and social topics from the highest governance
body to senior executives and other employees. | Environmental Risk Manageme
nt System
[TABLE] 102-20 | Executive-level
responsibility for
economic,
environmental, and
social topics | a. Whether the organization has appointed an executive-level
position or positions with responsibility for economic,
environmental, and social topics.
b. Whether post holders report directly to the highest
governance body. | Environmental Management

[PAGE 220]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections 102-21 Consulting stakeholders on economic, environmental, and social topics a. Processes for consultation between stakeholders and the highest governance body on economic, environmental, and social topics. b. If consultation is delegated, describe to whom it is delegated and how the resulting feedback is provided to the highest governance body. - 102-22 Composition of the highest governance body and its committees a. Composition of the highest governance body and its committees by: i. executive or non-executive; ii. independence; iii. tenure on the governance body; iv. number of each individual’s other significant positions and commitments, and the nature of the commitments; v. gender; vi. membership of under-represented social groups; vii. competencies relating to economic, environmental, and social topics; viii. stakeholder representation. Corporate Governance > Mana gement System 102-23 Chair of the highest governance body a. Whether the chair of the highest governance body is also an executive officer in the organization. b. If the chair is also an executive officer, describe his or her function within the organization’s management and the reasons for this arrangement. Corporate Governance Report P.7 II Status of corporate gove rnance system including organ ization of management pertai ning to management decision making, business execution, a nd oversight (Japanese version only) 102-24 Nominating and selecting the highest governance body a. Nomination and selection processes for the highest governance body and its committees. b. Criteria used for nominating and selecting highest governance body members, including whether and how: i. stakeholders (including shareholders) are involved; ii. diversity is considered; iii. independence is considered; iv. expertise and experience relating to economic, environmental, and social topics are considered. Annual Securities Report and I nternal Controls Report for th e 91th Period P.56 [Compensat ion for Directors] (Japanese ve rsion only) 102-25 Conflicts of interest a. Processes for the highest governance body to ensure conflicts of interest are avoided and managed. b. Whether conflicts of interest are disclosed to stakeholders, including, as a minimum: i. Cross-board membership; ii. Cross-shareholding with suppliers and other stakeholders; iii. Existence of controlling shareholder; iv. Related party disclosures. Preventing Conflicts of Interes t 102-26 Role of highest governance body in setting purpose, values, and strategy a. Highest governance body’s and senior executives’ roles in the development, approval, and updating of the organization’s purpose, value or mission statements, strategies, policies, and goals related to economic, environmental, and social topics. CSR Promotion System 102-27 Collective knowledge of highest governance body a. Measures taken to develop and enhance the highest governance body’s collective knowledge of economic, environmental, and social topics. Executive Officer Training Compliance > Initiatives > Trai ning 102-28 Evaluating the highest governance body’s performance a. Processes for evaluating the highest governance body’s performance with respect to governance of economic, environmental, and social topics. b. Whether such evaluation is independent or not, and its frequency. c. Whether such evaluation is a self-assessment. d. Actions taken in response to evaluation of the highest governance body’s performance with respect to governance of economic, environmental, and social topics, including, as a minimum, changes in membership and organizational practice. Effectiveness Evaluation of the Board of Directors 102-29 Identifying and managing economic, environmental, and social impacts a. Highest governance body’s role in identifying and managing economic, environmental, and social topics and their impacts, risks, and opportunities – including its role in the implementation of due diligence processes. b. Whether stakeholder consultation is used to support the highest governance body’s identification and management of economic, environmental, and social topics and their impacts, risks, and opportunities. - 220 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the CEO Sustainability | GGRRII CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx//
TTCCFFDD CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx | SUBARU C
Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Item
Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
Number
[TABLE] a. Processes for consultation between stakeholders and the
Consulting stakeholders highest governance body on economic, environmental, and
on economic, social topics.
102-21 -
environmental, and b.If consultation is delegated, describe to whom it is
social topics delegated and how the resulting feedback is provided to the
highest governance body.
a. Composition of the highest governance body and its
committees by:
i.executive or non-executive;
ii.independence;
iii.tenure on the governance body;
Composition of the
iv. number of each individual’s other significant positions and Corporate Governance > Mana
102-22 highest governance
commitments, and the nature of the commitments; gement System
body and its committees
v.gender;
vi.membership of under-represented social groups;
vii. competencies relating to economic, environmental, and
social topics;
viii.stakeholder representation.
Corporate Governance Report
P.7 II Status of corporate gove
a. Whether the chair of the highest governance body is also an
rnance system including organ
executive officer in the organization.
Chair of the highest ization of management pertai
102-23 b. If the chair is also an executive officer, describe his or her
governance body ning to management decision
function within the organization’s management and the
making, business execution, a
reasons for this arrangement.
nd oversight (Japanese version
only)
a. Nomination and selection processes for the highest
governance body and its committees.
b.Criteria used for nominating and selecting highest Annual Securities Report and I
Nominating and governance body members, including whether and how: nternal Controls Report for th
102-24 selecting the highest i.stakeholders (including shareholders) are involved; e 91th Period P.56 [Compensat
governance body ii.diversity is considered; ion for Directors] (Japanese ve
iii.independence is considered; rsion only)
iv. expertise and experience relating to economic,
environmental, and social topics are considered.
a. Processes for the highest governance body to ensure
conflicts of interest are avoided and managed.
b.Whether conflicts of interest are disclosed to stakeholders,
including, as a minimum: Preventing Conflicts of Interes
102-25 Conflicts of interest
i.Cross-board membership; t
ii.Cross-shareholding with suppliers and other stakeholders;
iii.Existence of controlling shareholder;
iv.Related party disclosures.
Role of highest a. Highest governance body’s and senior executives’ roles in
governance body in the development, approval, and updating of the organization’s
102-26 CSR Promotion System
setting purpose, values, purpose, value or mission statements, strategies, policies, and
and strategy goals related to economic, environmental, and social topics.
Collective knowledge of a. Measures taken to develop and enhance the highest Executive Officer Training
102-27 highest governance governance body’s collective knowledge of economic, Compliance > Initiatives > Trai
body environmental, and social topics. ning
a. Processes for evaluating the highest governance body’s
performance with respect to governance of economic,
environmental, and social topics.
b. Whether such evaluation is independent or not, and its
Evaluating the highest
frequency. Effectiveness Evaluation of the
102-28 governance body’s
c.Whether such evaluation is a self-assessment. Board of Directors
performance
d. Actions taken in response to evaluation of the highest
governance body’s performance with respect to governance of
economic, environmental, and social topics, including, as a
minimum, changes in membership and organizational practice.
a. Highest governance body’s role in identifying and managing
economic, environmental, and social topics and their impacts,
Identifying and risks, and opportunities – including its role in the
managing economic, implementation of due diligence processes.
102-29 -
environmental, and b.Whether stakeholder consultation is used to support the
social impacts highest governance body’s identification and management of
economic, environmental, and social topics and their impacts,
risks, and opportunities.
220
[TABLE] Item
Number | Disclosure | Reporting Requirements | Corresponding Sections
[TABLE] 102-21 | Consulting stakeholders
on economic,
environmental, and
social topics | a. Processes for consultation between stakeholders and the
highest governance body on economic, environmental, and
social topics.
b.If consultation is delegated, describe to whom it is
delegated and how the resulting feedback is provided to the
highest governance body. | -
[TABLE] 102-22 | Composition of the
highest governance
body and its committees | a. Composition of the highest governance body and its
committees by:
i.executive or non-executive;
ii.independence;
iii.tenure on the governance body;
iv. number of each individual’s other significant positions and
commitments, and the nature of the commitments;
v.gender;
vi.membership of under-represented social groups;
vii. competencies relating to economic, environmental, and
social topics;
viii.stakeholder representation. | Corporate Governance > Mana
gement System
[TABLE] 102-23 | Chair of the highest
governance body | a. Whether the chair of the highest governance body is also an
executive officer in the organization.
b. If the chair is also an executive officer, describe his or her
function within the organization’s management and the
reasons for this arrangement. | Corporate Governance Report
P.7 II Status of corporate gove
rnance system including organ
ization of management pertai
ning to management decision
making, business execution, a
nd oversight (Japanese version
only)
[TABLE] 102-24 | Nominating and
selecting the highest
governance body | a. Nomination and selection processes for the highest
governance body and its committees.
b.Criteria used for nominating and selecting highest
governance body members, including whether and how:
i.stakeholders (including shareholders) are involved;
ii.diversity is considered;
iii.independence is considered;
iv. expertise and experience relating to economic,
environmental, and social topics are considered. | Annual Securities Report and I
nternal Controls Report for th
e 91th Period P.56 [Compensat
ion for Directors] (Japanese ve
rsion only)
[TABLE] 102-25 | Conflicts of interest | a. Processes for the highest governance body to ensure
conflicts of interest are avoided and managed.
b.Whether conflicts of interest are disclosed to stakeholders,
including, as a minimum:
i.Cross-board membership;
ii.Cross-shareholding with suppliers and other stakeholders;
iii.Existence of controlling shareholder;
iv.Related party disclosures. | Preventing Conflicts of Interes
t
[TABLE] 102-26 | Role of highest
governance body in
setting purpose, values,
and strategy | a. Highest governance body’s and senior executives’ roles in
the development, approval, and updating of the organization’s
purpose, value or mission statements, strategies, policies, and
goals related to economic, environmental, and social topics. | CSR Promotion System
[TABLE] 102-27 | Collective knowledge of
highest governance
body | a. Measures taken to develop and enhance the highest
governance body’s collective knowledge of economic,
environmental, and social topics. | Executive Officer Training
Compliance > Initiatives > Trai
ning
[TABLE] 102-28 | Evaluating the highest
governance body’s
performance | a. Processes for evaluating the highest governance body’s
performance with respect to governance of economic,
environmental, and social topics.
b. Whether such evaluation is independent or not, and its
frequency.
c.Whether such evaluation is a self-assessment.
d. Actions taken in response to evaluation of the highest
governance body’s performance with respect to governance of
economic, environmental, and social topics, including, as a
minimum, changes in membership and organizational practice. | Effectiveness Evaluation of the
Board of Directors
[TABLE] 102-29 | Identifying and
managing economic,
environmental, and
social impacts | a. Highest governance body’s role in identifying and managing
economic, environmental, and social topics and their impacts,
risks, and opportunities – including its role in the
implementation of due diligence processes.
b.Whether stakeholder consultation is used to support the
highest governance body’s identification and management of
economic, environmental, and social topics and their impacts,
risks, and opportunities. | -

[PAGE 221]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections 102-30 Effectiveness of risk management processes a. Highest governance body’s role in reviewing the effectiveness of the organization’s risk management processes for economic, environmental, and social topics. Risk Management > Managem ent System 102-31 Review of economic, environmental, and social topics a. Frequency of the highest governance body’s review of economic, environmental, and social topics and their impacts, risks, and opportunities. Environmental Risk Manageme nt System 102-32 Highest governance body’s role in sustainability reporting a. The highest committee or position that formally reviews and approves the organization’s sustainability report and ensures that all material topics are covered. - 102-33 Communicating critical concerns a. Process for communicating critical concerns to the highest governance body. - 102-34 Nature and total number of critical concerns a. Total number and nature of critical concerns that were communicated to the highest governance body. b. Mechanism(s) used to address and resolve critical concerns. N/A 102-35 Remuneration policies a. Remuneration policies for the highest governance body and senior executives for the following types of remuneration: i. Fixed pay and variable pay, including performance-based pay, equity-based pay, bonuses, and deferred or vested shares; ii. Sign-on bonuses or recruitment incentive payments; iii. Termination payments; iv. Clawbacks; v. Retirement benefits, including the difference between benefit schemes and contribution rates for the highest governance body, senior executives, and all other employees. b. How performance criteria in the remuneration policies relate to the highest governance body’s and senior executives’ objectives for economic, environmental, and social topics. Compensation for Directors 102-36 Process for determining remuneration a. Process for determining remuneration. b. Whether remuneration consultants are involved in determining remuneration and whether they are independent of management. c. Any other relationships that the remuneration consultants have with the organization. Compensation for Directors 102-37 Stakeholders’ involvement in remuneration a. How stakeholders’ views are sought and taken into account regarding remuneration. b. If applicable, the results of votes on remuneration policies and proposals. Annual Securities Report and I nternal Controls Report for th e 91th Period P.56 [Compensat ion for Directors] (Japanese ve rsion only) 102-38 Annual total compensation ratio a. Ratio of the annual total compensation for the organization’s highest-paid individual in each country of significant operations to the median annual total compensation for all employees (excluding the highest-paid individual) in the same country. - 102-39 Percentage increase in annual total compensation ratio a. Ratio of the percentage increase in annual total compensation for the organization’s highest-paid individual in each country of significant operations to the median percentage increase in annual total compensation for all employees (excluding the highest-paid individual) in the same country. - 5. Stakeholder Engagement 102-40 List of stakeholder groups a. A list of stakeholder groups engaged by the organization. Stakeholder Engagement 102-41 Collective bargaining agreements a. Percentage of total employees covered by collective bargaining agreements. Labor-Management Communic ation 102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders a. The basis for identifying and selecting stakeholders with whom to engage. Stakeholder Engagement 102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement a. The organization’s approach to stakeholder engagement, including frequency of engagement by type and by stakeholder group, and an indication of whether any of the engagement was undertaken specifically as part of the report preparation process. Stakeholder Engagement 221 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the CEO Sustainability | GGRRII CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx//
TTCCFFDD CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx | SUBARU C
Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Item
Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
Number
[TABLE] a. Highest governance body’s role in reviewing the
Effectiveness of risk Risk Management > Managem
102-30 effectiveness of the organization’s risk management processes
management processes ent System
for economic, environmental, and social topics.
Review of economic, a. Frequency of the highest governance body’s review of
Environmental Risk Manageme
102-31 environmental, and economic, environmental, and social topics and their impacts,
nt System
social topics risks, and opportunities.
Highest governance a. The highest committee or position that formally reviews and
102-32 body’s role in approves the organization’s sustainability report and ensures -
sustainability reporting that all material topics are covered.
Communicating critical a. Process for communicating critical concerns to the highest
102-33 -
concerns governance body.
a. Total number and nature of critical concerns that were
Nature and total number
102-34 communicated to the highest governance body. N/A
of critical concerns
b.Mechanism(s) used to address and resolve critical concerns.
a. Remuneration policies for the highest governance body and
senior executives for the following types of remuneration:
i. Fixed pay and variable pay, including performance-based pay,
equity-based pay, bonuses, and deferred or vested shares;
ii.Sign-on bonuses or recruitment incentive payments;
iii.Termination payments;
102-35 Remuneration policies iv.Clawbacks; Compensation for Directors
v. Retirement benefits, including the difference between
benefit schemes and contribution rates for the highest
governance body, senior executives, and all other employees.
b. How performance criteria in the remuneration policies relate
to the highest governance body’s and senior executives’
objectives for economic, environmental, and social topics.
a.Process for determining remuneration.
b. Whether remuneration consultants are involved in
Process for determining determining remuneration and whether they are independent
102-36 Compensation for Directors
remuneration of management.
c. Any other relationships that the remuneration consultants
have with the organization.
Annual Securities Report and I
a. How stakeholders’ views are sought and taken into account
Stakeholders’ nternal Controls Report for th
regarding remuneration.
102-37 involvement in e 91th Period P.56 [Compensat
b. If applicable, the results of votes on remuneration policies
remuneration ion for Directors] (Japanese ve
and proposals.
rsion only)
a. Ratio of the annual total compensation for the organization’s
highest-paid individual in each country of significant
Annual total
102-38 operations to the median annual total compensation for all -
compensation ratio
employees (excluding the highest-paid individual) in the same
country.
a. Ratio of the percentage increase in annual total
compensation for the organization’s highest-paid individual in
Percentage increase in
each country of significant operations to the median
102-39 annual total -
percentage increase in annual total compensation for all
compensation ratio
employees (excluding the highest-paid individual) in the same
country.
5.Stakeholder Engagement
List of stakeholder
102-40 a.A list of stakeholder groups engaged by the organization. Stakeholder Engagement
groups
Collective bargaining a. Percentage of total employees covered by collective Labor-Management Communic
102-41
agreements bargaining agreements. ation
Identifying and selecting a. The basis for identifying and selecting stakeholders with
102-42 Stakeholder Engagement
stakeholders whom to engage.
a. The organization’s approach to stakeholder engagement,
including frequency of engagement by type and by stakeholder
Approach to stakeholder
102-43 group, and an indication of whether any of the engagement Stakeholder Engagement
engagement
was undertaken specifically as part of the report preparation
process.
221
[TABLE] Item
Number | Disclosure | Reporting Requirements | Corresponding Sections
[TABLE] 102-30 | Effectiveness of risk
management processes | a. Highest governance body’s role in reviewing the
effectiveness of the organization’s risk management processes
for economic, environmental, and social topics. | Risk Management > Managem
ent System
[TABLE] 102-31 | Review of economic,
environmental, and
social topics | a. Frequency of the highest governance body’s review of
economic, environmental, and social topics and their impacts,
risks, and opportunities. | Environmental Risk Manageme
nt System
[TABLE] 102-32 | Highest governance
body’s role in
sustainability reporting | a. The highest committee or position that formally reviews and
approves the organization’s sustainability report and ensures
that all material topics are covered. | -
[TABLE] 102-33 | Communicating critical
concerns | a. Process for communicating critical concerns to the highest
governance body. | -
[TABLE] 102-34 | Nature and total number
of critical concerns | a. Total number and nature of critical concerns that were
communicated to the highest governance body.
b.Mechanism(s) used to address and resolve critical concerns. | N/A
[TABLE] 102-35 | Remuneration policies | a. Remuneration policies for the highest governance body and
senior executives for the following types of remuneration:
i. Fixed pay and variable pay, including performance-based pay,
equity-based pay, bonuses, and deferred or vested shares;
ii.Sign-on bonuses or recruitment incentive payments;
iii.Termination payments;
iv.Clawbacks;
v. Retirement benefits, including the difference between
benefit schemes and contribution rates for the highest
governance body, senior executives, and all other employees.
b. How performance criteria in the remuneration policies relate
to the highest governance body’s and senior executives’
objectives for economic, environmental, and social topics. | Compensation for Directors
[TABLE] 102-36 | Process for determining
remuneration | a.Process for determining remuneration.
b. Whether remuneration consultants are involved in
determining remuneration and whether they are independent
of management.
c. Any other relationships that the remuneration consultants
have with the organization. | Compensation for Directors
[TABLE] 102-37 | Stakeholders’
involvement in
remuneration | a. How stakeholders’ views are sought and taken into account
regarding remuneration.
b. If applicable, the results of votes on remuneration policies
and proposals. | Annual Securities Report and I
nternal Controls Report for th
e 91th Period P.56 [Compensat
ion for Directors] (Japanese ve
rsion only)
[TABLE] 102-38 | Annual total
compensation ratio | a. Ratio of the annual total compensation for the organization’s
highest-paid individual in each country of significant
operations to the median annual total compensation for all
employees (excluding the highest-paid individual) in the same
country. | -
[TABLE] 102-39 | Percentage increase in
annual total
compensation ratio | a. Ratio of the percentage increase in annual total
compensation for the organization’s highest-paid individual in
each country of significant operations to the median
percentage increase in annual total compensation for all
employees (excluding the highest-paid individual) in the same
country. | -
[TABLE] 5.Stakeholder Engagement
[TABLE] 102-40 | List of stakeholder
groups | a.A list of stakeholder groups engaged by the organization. | Stakeholder Engagement
[TABLE] 102-41 | Collective bargaining
agreements | a. Percentage of total employees covered by collective
bargaining agreements. | Labor-Management Communic
ation
[TABLE] 102-42 | Identifying and selecting
stakeholders | a. The basis for identifying and selecting stakeholders with
whom to engage. | Stakeholder Engagement
[TABLE] 102-43 | Approach to stakeholder
engagement | a. The organization’s approach to stakeholder engagement,
including frequency of engagement by type and by stakeholder
group, and an indication of whether any of the engagement
was undertaken specifically as part of the report preparation
process. | Stakeholder Engagement

[PAGE 222]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections 102-44 Key topics and concerns raised a. Key topics and concerns that have been raised through stakeholder engagement, including: i. how the organization has responded to those key topics and concerns, including through its reporting; ii. the stakeholder groups that raised each of the key topics and concerns. - 6. Reporting Practice 102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements a. A list of all entities included in the organization’s consolidated financial statements or equivalent documents. b. Whether any entity included in the organization’s consolidated financial statements or equivalent documents is not covered by the report. Global Network 102-46 Defining report content and topic Boundaries a. An explanation of the process for defining the report content and the topic Boundaries. b. An explanation of how the organization has implemented the Reporting Principles for defining report content. Process of Identifying the Six Priority Areas for CSR 102-47 List of material topics a. A list of the material topics identified in the process for defining report content. SUBARU Group’s Six Priority Ar eas for CSR 102-48 Restatements of information a. The effect of any restatements of information given in previous reports, and the reasons for such restatements. N/A 102-49 Changes in reporting a. Significant changes from previous reporting periods in the list of material topics and topic Boundaries. N/A 102-50 Reporting period a. Reporting period for the information provided. Reporting Period 102-51 Date of most recent report a. If applicable, the date of the most recent previous report. Period Issued 102-52 Reporting cycle a. Reporting cycle. Period Issued 102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report a. The contact point for questions regarding the report or its contents. Contact Us 102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards a. The claim made by the organization, if it has prepared a report in accordance with the GRI Standards, either: i. ‘This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option’; ii. ‘This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Comprehensive option’. 102-55 GRI content index a. The GRI content index, which specifies each of the GRI Standards used and lists all disclosures included in the report. b. For each disclosure, the content index shall include: i. the number of the disclosure (for disclosures covered by the GRI Standards); ii. the page number(s) or URL(s) where the information can be found, either within the report or in other published materials; iii. if applicable, and where permitted, the reason(s) for omission when a required disclosure cannot be made. GRI Content Index 102-56 External assurance a. A description of the organization’s policy and current practice with regard to seeking external assurance for the report. b. If the report has been externally assured: i. A reference to the external assurance report, statements, or opinions. If not included in the assurance report accompanying the sustainability report, a description of what has and what has not been assured and on what basis, including the assurance standards used, the level of assurance obtained, and any limitations of the assurance process; ii. The relationship between the organization and the assurance provider; iii. Whether and how the highest governance body or senior executives are involved in seeking external assurance for the organization’s sustainability report. - 222 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the CEO Sustainability | GGRRII CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx//
TTCCFFDD CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx | SUBARU C
Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Item
Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
Number
[TABLE] a. Key topics and concerns that have been raised through
stakeholder engagement, including:
Key topics and concerns i. how the organization has responded to those key topics and
102-44 -
raised concerns, including through its reporting;
ii. the stakeholder groups that raised each of the key topics
and concerns.
6.Reporting Practice
a. A list of all entities included in the organization’s
Entities included in the consolidated financial statements or equivalent documents.
102-45 consolidated financial b.Whether any entity included in the organization’s Global Network
statements consolidated financial statements or equivalent documents is
not covered by the report.
a. An explanation of the process for defining the report content
Defining report content and the topic Boundaries. Process of Identifying the Six
102-46
and topic Boundaries b. An explanation of how the organization has implemented Priority Areas for CSR
the Reporting Principles for defining report content.
a. A list of the material topics identified in the process for SUBARU Group’s Six Priority Ar
102-47 List of material topics
defining report content. eas for CSR
Restatements of a. The effect of any restatements of information given in
102-48 N/A
information previous reports, and the reasons for such restatements.
a. Significant changes from previous reporting periods in the
102-49 Changes in reporting N/A
list of material topics and topic Boundaries.
102-50 Reporting period a.Reporting period for the information provided. Reporting Period
Date of most recent
102-51 a.If applicable, the date of the most recent previous report. Period Issued
report
102-52 Reporting cycle a.Reporting cycle. Period Issued
Contact point for
a. The contact point for questions regarding the report or its
102-53 questions regarding the Contact Us
contents.
report
a. The claim made by the organization, if it has prepared a
report in accordance with the GRI Standards, either:
Claims of reporting in
i. ‘This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI
102-54 accordance with the GRI
Standards: Core option’;
Standards
ii. ‘This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI
Standards: Comprehensive option’.
a. The GRI content index, which specifies each of the GRI
Standards used and lists all disclosures included in the report.
b.For each disclosure, the content index shall include:
i. the number of the disclosure (for disclosures covered by the
102-55 GRI content index GRI Standards); GRI Content Index
ii. the page number(s) or URL(s) where the information can be
found, either within the report or in other published materials;
iii. if applicable, and where permitted, the reason(s) for
omission when a required disclosure cannot be made.
a. A description of the organization’s policy and current
practice with regard to seeking external assurance for the
report.
b.If the report has been externally assured:
i. A reference to the external assurance report, statements, or
opinions. If not included in the assurance report accompanying
the sustainability report, a description of what has and what
102-56 External assurance has not been assured and on what basis, including the -
assurance standards used, the level of assurance obtained, and
any limitations of the assurance process;
ii. The relationship between the organization and the
assurance provider;
iii. Whether and how the highest governance body or senior
executives are involved in seeking external assurance for the
organization’s sustainability report.
222
[TABLE] Item
Number | Disclosure | Reporting Requirements | Corresponding Sections
[TABLE] 102-44 | Key topics and concerns
raised | a. Key topics and concerns that have been raised through
stakeholder engagement, including:
i. how the organization has responded to those key topics and
concerns, including through its reporting;
ii. the stakeholder groups that raised each of the key topics
and concerns. | -
[TABLE] 6.Reporting Practice
[TABLE] 102-45 | Entities included in the
consolidated financial
statements | a. A list of all entities included in the organization’s
consolidated financial statements or equivalent documents.
b.Whether any entity included in the organization’s
consolidated financial statements or equivalent documents is
not covered by the report. | Global Network
[TABLE] 102-46 | Defining report content
and topic Boundaries | a. An explanation of the process for defining the report content
and the topic Boundaries.
b. An explanation of how the organization has implemented
the Reporting Principles for defining report content. | Process of Identifying the Six
Priority Areas for CSR
[TABLE] 102-47 | List of material topics | a. A list of the material topics identified in the process for
defining report content. | SUBARU Group’s Six Priority Ar
eas for CSR
[TABLE] 102-48 | Restatements of
information | a. The effect of any restatements of information given in
previous reports, and the reasons for such restatements. | N/A
[TABLE] 102-49 | Changes in reporting | a. Significant changes from previous reporting periods in the
list of material topics and topic Boundaries. | N/A
[TABLE] 102-50 | Reporting period | a.Reporting period for the information provided. | Reporting Period
[TABLE] 102-51 | Date of most recent
report | a.If applicable, the date of the most recent previous report. | Period Issued
[TABLE] 102-52 | Reporting cycle | a.Reporting cycle. | Period Issued
[TABLE] 102-53 | Contact point for
questions regarding the
report | a. The contact point for questions regarding the report or its
contents. | Contact Us
[TABLE] 102-54 | Claims of reporting in
accordance with the GRI
Standards | a. The claim made by the organization, if it has prepared a
report in accordance with the GRI Standards, either:
i. ‘This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI
Standards: Core option’;
ii. ‘This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI
Standards: Comprehensive option’.
[TABLE] 102-55 | GRI content index | a. The GRI content index, which specifies each of the GRI
Standards used and lists all disclosures included in the report.
b.For each disclosure, the content index shall include:
i. the number of the disclosure (for disclosures covered by the
GRI Standards);
ii. the page number(s) or URL(s) where the information can be
found, either within the report or in other published materials;
iii. if applicable, and where permitted, the reason(s) for
omission when a required disclosure cannot be made. | GRI Content Index
[TABLE] 102-56 | External assurance | a. A description of the organization’s policy and current
practice with regard to seeking external assurance for the
report.
b.If the report has been externally assured:
i. A reference to the external assurance report, statements, or
opinions. If not included in the assurance report accompanying
the sustainability report, a description of what has and what
has not been assured and on what basis, including the
assurance standards used, the level of assurance obtained, and
any limitations of the assurance process;
ii. The relationship between the organization and the
assurance provider;
iii. Whether and how the highest governance body or senior
executives are involved in seeking external assurance for the
organization’s sustainability report. | -

[PAGE 223]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary a. An explanation of why the topic is material. b. The Boundary for the material topic, which includes a description of: i. where the impacts occur; ii. the organization’s involvement with the impacts. For example, whether the organization has caused or contributed to the impacts, or is directly linked to the impacts through its business relationships. c. Any specific limitation regarding the topic Boundary. About the SUBARU Group’s Sus tainability 103-2 The management approach and its components a. An explanation of how the organization manages the topic. b. A statement of the purpose of the management approach. c. A description of the following, if the management approach includes that component: i. Policies ii. Commitments iii. Goals and targets iv. Responsibilities v. Resources vi. Grievance mechanisms vii. Specific actions, such as processes, projects, programs and initiatives? CSR Promotion System SUBARU Group’s Six Priority Ar eas for CSR Activities in the Six Priority Are as for CSR in Relation to the S DGs 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach a. An explanation of how the organization evaluates the management approach, including: i. the mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the management approach; ii. the results of the evaluation of the management approach; iii. any related adjustments to the management approach. - To p i c - spe c i f i c S t a n da rd s Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections GRI 200: Economic 201: Economic Performance 2016 201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed a. Direct economic value generated and distributed (EVG&D) on an accruals basis, including the basic components for the organization’s global operations as listed below. If data are presented on a cash basis, report the justification for this decision in addition to reporting the following basic components: i. Direct economic value generated: revenues; ii. Economic value distributed: operating costs, employee wages and benefits, payments to providers of capital, payments to government by country, and community investments; iii. Economic value retained: ‘direct economic value generated’ less ‘economic value distributed’. b. Where significant, report EVG&D separately at country, regional, or market levels, and the criteria used for defining significance. Annual Securities Report and I nternal Controls Report for th e 91th Period P.64-70 [Consoli dated Financial Statements] (J apanese version only) Annual Securities Report and I nternal Controls Report for th e 91th Period P.22 [Analysis of Financial Position, Business Pe rformance, and Cash Flows by Top Management] (Japanese v ersion only) 201-2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change a. Risks and opportunities posed by climate change that have the potential to generate substantive changes in operations, revenue, or expenditure, including: i. a description of the risk or opportunity and its classification as either physical, regulatory, or other; ii. a description of the impact associated with the risk or opportunity; iii. the financial implications of the risk or opportunity before action is taken; iv. the methods used to manage the risk or opportunity; v. the costs of actions taken to manage the risk or opportunity. Climate Change GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 223 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the CEO Sustainability | GGRRII CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx//
TTCCFFDD CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx | SUBARU C
Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Item
Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
Number
[TABLE] GRI 103: Management Approach 2016
a.An explanation of why the topic is material.
b. The Boundary for the material topic, which includes a
description of:
Explanation of the i.where the impacts occur;
About the SUBARU Group’s Sus
103-1 material topic and its ii. the organization’s involvement with the impacts. For
tainability
Boundary example, whether the organization has caused or contributed
to the impacts, or is directly linked to the impacts through its
business relationships.
c.Any specific limitation regarding the topic Boundary.
a.An explanation of how the organization manages the topic.
b.A statement of the purpose of the management approach.
c. A description of the following, if the management approach
CSR Promotion System
includes that component:
i.Policies SUBARU Group’s Six Priority Ar
The management
ii.Commitments eas for CSR
103-2 approach and its
iii.Goals and targets Activities in the Six Priority Are
components
iv.Responsibilities as for CSR in Relation to the S
v.Resources DGs
vi.Grievance mechanisms
vii. Specific actions, such as processes, projects, programs and
initiatives?
a. An explanation of how the organization evaluates the
management approach, including:
Evaluation of the i. the mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the
103-3 -
management approach management approach;
ii.the results of the evaluation of the management approach;
iii.any related adjustments to the management approach.
[TABLE] Topic-specific Standards
Item
Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
Number
GRI 200: Economic
201: Economic Performance 2016
a. Direct economic value generated and distributed (EVG&D) on
an accruals basis, including the basic components for the
organization’s global operations as listed below. If data are Annual Securities Report and I
presented on a cash basis, report the justification for this nternal Controls Report for th
decision in addition to reporting the following basic e 91th Period P.64-70 [Consoli
components: dated Financial Statements] (J
i.Direct economic value generated: revenues; apanese version only)
Direct economic value
ii. Economic value distributed: operating costs, employee Annual Securities Report and I
201-1 generated and
wages and benefits, payments to providers of capital, nternal Controls Report for th
distributed
payments to government by country, and community e 91th Period P.22 [Analysis of
investments; Financial Position, Business Pe
iii. Economic value retained: ‘direct economic value generated’ rformance, and Cash Flows by
less ‘economic value distributed’. Top Management] (Japanese v
b. Where significant, report EVG&D separately at country, ersion only)
regional, or market levels, and the criteria used for defining
significance.
a. Risks and opportunities posed by climate change that have
the potential to generate substantive changes in operations,
revenue, or expenditure, including:
i. a description of the risk or opportunity and its classification
Financial implications
as either physical, regulatory, or other;
and other risks and
201-2 ii.a description of the impact associated with the risk or Climate Change
opportunities due to
opportunity;
climate change
iii. the financial implications of the risk or opportunity before
action is taken;
iv.the methods used to manage the risk or opportunity;
v.the costs of actions taken to manage the risk or opportunity.
223
[TABLE] Item
Number | Disclosure | Reporting Requirements | Corresponding Sections
[TABLE] GRI 103: Management Approach 2016
[TABLE] 103-1 | Explanation of the
material topic and its
Boundary | a.An explanation of why the topic is material.
b. The Boundary for the material topic, which includes a
description of:
i.where the impacts occur;
ii. the organization’s involvement with the impacts. For
example, whether the organization has caused or contributed
to the impacts, or is directly linked to the impacts through its
business relationships.
c.Any specific limitation regarding the topic Boundary. | About the SUBARU Group’s Sus
tainability
[TABLE] 103-2 | The management
approach and its
components | a.An explanation of how the organization manages the topic.
b.A statement of the purpose of the management approach.
c. A description of the following, if the management approach
includes that component:
i.Policies
ii.Commitments
iii.Goals and targets
iv.Responsibilities
v.Resources
vi.Grievance mechanisms
vii. Specific actions, such as processes, projects, programs and
initiatives? | CSR Promotion System
SUBARU Group’s Six Priority Ar
eas for CSR
Activities in the Six Priority Are
as for CSR in Relation to the S
DGs
[TABLE] 103-3 | Evaluation of the
management approach | a. An explanation of how the organization evaluates the
management approach, including:
i. the mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the
management approach;
ii.the results of the evaluation of the management approach;
iii.any related adjustments to the management approach. | -
[TABLE] Item
Number | Disclosure | Reporting Requirements | Corresponding Sections
[TABLE] GRI 200: Economic
[TABLE] 201: Economic Performance 2016
[TABLE] 201-1 | Direct economic value
generated and
distributed | a. Direct economic value generated and distributed (EVG&D) on
an accruals basis, including the basic components for the
organization’s global operations as listed below. If data are
presented on a cash basis, report the justification for this
decision in addition to reporting the following basic
components:
i.Direct economic value generated: revenues;
ii. Economic value distributed: operating costs, employee
wages and benefits, payments to providers of capital,
payments to government by country, and community
investments;
iii. Economic value retained: ‘direct economic value generated’
less ‘economic value distributed’.
b. Where significant, report EVG&D separately at country,
regional, or market levels, and the criteria used for defining
significance. | Annual Securities Report and I
nternal Controls Report for th
e 91th Period P.64-70 [Consoli
dated Financial Statements] (J
apanese version only)
Annual Securities Report and I
nternal Controls Report for th
e 91th Period P.22 [Analysis of
Financial Position, Business Pe
rformance, and Cash Flows by
Top Management] (Japanese v
ersion only)
[TABLE] 201-2 | Financial implications
and other risks and
opportunities due to
climate change | a. Risks and opportunities posed by climate change that have
the potential to generate substantive changes in operations,
revenue, or expenditure, including:
i. a description of the risk or opportunity and its classification
as either physical, regulatory, or other;
ii.a description of the impact associated with the risk or
opportunity;
iii. the financial implications of the risk or opportunity before
action is taken;
iv.the methods used to manage the risk or opportunity;
v.the costs of actions taken to manage the risk or opportunity. | Climate Change

[PAGE 224]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections 201-3 Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans a. If the plan’s liabilities are met by the organization’s general resources, the estimated value of those liabilities. b. If a separate fund exists to pay the plan’s pension liabilities: i. the extent to which the scheme’s liabilities are estimated to be covered by the assets that have been set aside to meet them; ii. the basis on which that estimate has been arrived at; iii. when that estimate was made. c. If a fund set up to pay the plan’s pension liabilities is not fully covered, explain the strategy, if any, adopted by the employer to work towards full coverage, and the timescale, if any, by which the employer hopes to achieve full coverage. d. Percentage of salary contributed by employee or employer. e. Level of participation in retirement plans, such as participation in mandatory or voluntary schemes, regional, or country-based schemes, or those with financial impact. Annual Securities Report and I nternal Controls Report for th e 91th Period P.77 [Notes to C onsolidated Financial Stateme nts] (Japanese version only) 201-4 Financial assistance received from government a. Total monetary value of financial assistance received by the organization from any government during the reporting period, including: i. tax relief and tax credits; ii. subsidies; iii. investment grants, research and development grants, and other relevant types of grant; iv. awards; v. royalty holidays; vi. financial assistance from Export Credit Agencies (ECAs); vii. financial incentives; viii. other financial benefits received or receivable from any government for any operation. b. The information in 201-4-a by country. c. Whether, and the extent to which, any government is present in the shareholding structure. Annual Securities Report and I nternal Controls Report for th e 91th Period P.33 [Corporate I nformation] (Japanese version only) Annual Securities Report and I nternal Controls Report for th e 91th Period P.64-70 [Consoli dated Financial Statements] (J apanese version only) 202: Market Presence 2016 202-1 Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender compared to local minimum wage a. When a significant proportion of employees are compensated based on wages subject to minimum wage rules, report the relevant ratio of the entry level wage by gender at significant locations of operation to the minimum wage. b. When a significant proportion of other workers (excluding employees) performing the organization’s activities are compensated based on wages subject to minimum wage rules, describe the actions taken to determine whether these workers are paid above the minimum wage. c. Whether a local minimum wage is absent or variable at significant locations of operation, by gender. In circumstances in which different minimums can be used as a reference, report which minimum wage is being used. d. The definition used for ‘significant locations of operation’. Human Rights Policy Appendix 202-2 Proportion of senior management hired from the local community a. Percentage of senior management at significant locations of operation that are hired from the local community. b. The definition used for ‘senior management’. c. The organization’s geographical definition of ‘local’. d. The definition used for ‘significant locations of operation’. - 203: Indirect Economic Impacts 2016 203-1 Infrastructure investments and services supported a. Extent of development of significant infrastructure investments and services supported. b. Current or expected impacts on communities and local economies, including positive and negative impacts where relevant. c. Whether these investments and services are commercial, in- kind, or pro bono engagements. - 203-2 Significant indirect economic impacts a. Examples of significant identified indirect economic impacts of the organization, including positive and negative impacts. b. Significance of the indirect economic impacts in the context of external benchmarks and stakeholder priorities, such as national and international standards, protocols, and policy agendas. N/A 224 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the CEO Sustainability | GGRRII CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx//
TTCCFFDD CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx | SUBARU C
Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Item
Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
Number
[TABLE] a. If the plan’s liabilities are met by the organization’s general
resources, the estimated value of those liabilities.
b.If a separate fund exists to pay the plan’s pension liabilities:
i. the extent to which the scheme’s liabilities are estimated to
be covered by the assets that have been set aside to meet
them;
Annual Securities Report and I
ii.the basis on which that estimate has been arrived at;
Defined benefit plan nternal Controls Report for th
iii.when that estimate was made.
201-3 obligations and other e 91th Period P.77 [Notes to C
c. If a fund set up to pay the plan’s pension liabilities is not
retirement plans onsolidated Financial Stateme
fully covered, explain the strategy, if any, adopted by the
nts] (Japanese version only)
employer to work towards full coverage, and the timescale, if
any, by which the employer hopes to achieve full coverage.
d.Percentage of salary contributed by employee or employer.
e. Level of participation in retirement plans, such as
participation in mandatory or voluntary schemes, regional, or
country-based schemes, or those with financial impact.
a. Total monetary value of financial assistance received by the
organization from any government during the reporting
period, including:
i.tax relief and tax credits; Annual Securities Report and I
ii.subsidies; nternal Controls Report for th
iii. investment grants, research and development grants, and e 91th Period P.33 [Corporate I
other relevant types of grant; nformation] (Japanese version
Financial assistance iv.awards; only)
201-4 received from
v.royalty holidays; Annual Securities Report and I
government
vi.financial assistance from Export Credit Agencies (ECAs); nternal Controls Report for th
vii.financial incentives; e 91th Period P.64-70 [Consoli
viii. other financial benefits received or receivable from any dated Financial Statements] (J
government for any operation. apanese version only)
b.The information in 201-4-a by country.
c. Whether, and the extent to which, any government is present
in the shareholding structure.
202: Market Presence 2016
a. When a significant proportion of employees are
compensated based on wages subject to minimum wage rules,
report the relevant ratio of the entry level wage by gender at
significant locations of operation to the minimum wage.
b.When a significant proportion of other workers (excluding
Ratios of standard entry employees) performing the organization’s activities are
level wage by gender compensated based on wages subject to minimum wage rules,
202-1 Human Rights Policy Appendix
compared to local describe the actions taken to determine whether these workers
minimum wage are paid above the minimum wage.
c. Whether a local minimum wage is absent or variable at
significant locations of operation, by gender. In circumstances
in which different minimums can be used as a reference, report
which minimum wage is being used.
d.The definition used for ‘significant locations of operation’.
a. Percentage of senior management at significant locations of
Proportion of senior operation that are hired from the local community.
202-2 management hired from b.The definition used for ‘senior management’. -
the local community c.The organization’s geographical definition of ‘local’.
d.The definition used for ‘significant locations of operation’.
203: Indirect Economic Impacts 2016
a. Extent of development of significant infrastructure
investments and services supported.
Infrastructure b. Current or expected impacts on communities and local
203-1 investments and economies, including positive and negative impacts where -
services supported relevant.
c. Whether these investments and services are commercial, in-
kind, or pro bono engagements.
a. Examples of significant identified indirect economic impacts
of the organization, including positive and negative impacts.
Significant indirect b. Significance of the indirect economic impacts in the context
203-2 N/A
economic impacts of external benchmarks and stakeholder priorities, such as
national and international
standards, protocols, and policy agendas.
224
[TABLE] Item
Number | Disclosure | Reporting Requirements | Corresponding Sections
[TABLE] 201-3 | Defined benefit plan
obligations and other
retirement plans | a. If the plan’s liabilities are met by the organization’s general
resources, the estimated value of those liabilities.
b.If a separate fund exists to pay the plan’s pension liabilities:
i. the extent to which the scheme’s liabilities are estimated to
be covered by the assets that have been set aside to meet
them;
ii.the basis on which that estimate has been arrived at;
iii.when that estimate was made.
c. If a fund set up to pay the plan’s pension liabilities is not
fully covered, explain the strategy, if any, adopted by the
employer to work towards full coverage, and the timescale, if
any, by which the employer hopes to achieve full coverage.
d.Percentage of salary contributed by employee or employer.
e. Level of participation in retirement plans, such as
participation in mandatory or voluntary schemes, regional, or
country-based schemes, or those with financial impact. | Annual Securities Report and I
nternal Controls Report for th
e 91th Period P.77 [Notes to C
onsolidated Financial Stateme
nts] (Japanese version only)
[TABLE] 201-4 | Financial assistance
received from
government | a. Total monetary value of financial assistance received by the
organization from any government during the reporting
period, including:
i.tax relief and tax credits;
ii.subsidies;
iii. investment grants, research and development grants, and
other relevant types of grant;
iv.awards;
v.royalty holidays;
vi.financial assistance from Export Credit Agencies (ECAs);
vii.financial incentives;
viii. other financial benefits received or receivable from any
government for any operation.
b.The information in 201-4-a by country.
c. Whether, and the extent to which, any government is present
in the shareholding structure. | Annual Securities Report and I
nternal Controls Report for th
e 91th Period P.33 [Corporate I
nformation] (Japanese version
only)
Annual Securities Report and I
nternal Controls Report for th
e 91th Period P.64-70 [Consoli
dated Financial Statements] (J
apanese version only)
[TABLE] 202: Market Presence 2016
[TABLE] 202-1 | Ratios of standard entry
level wage by gender
compared to local
minimum wage | a. When a significant proportion of employees are
compensated based on wages subject to minimum wage rules,
report the relevant ratio of the entry level wage by gender at
significant locations of operation to the minimum wage.
b.When a significant proportion of other workers (excluding
employees) performing the organization’s activities are
compensated based on wages subject to minimum wage rules,
describe the actions taken to determine whether these workers
are paid above the minimum wage.
c. Whether a local minimum wage is absent or variable at
significant locations of operation, by gender. In circumstances
in which different minimums can be used as a reference, report
which minimum wage is being used.
d.The definition used for ‘significant locations of operation’. | Human Rights Policy Appendix
[TABLE] 202-2 | Proportion of senior
management hired from
the local community | a. Percentage of senior management at significant locations of
operation that are hired from the local community.
b.The definition used for ‘senior management’.
c.The organization’s geographical definition of ‘local’.
d.The definition used for ‘significant locations of operation’. | -
[TABLE] 203: Indirect Economic Impacts 2016
[TABLE] 203-1 | Infrastructure
investments and
services supported | a. Extent of development of significant infrastructure
investments and services supported.
b. Current or expected impacts on communities and local
economies, including positive and negative impacts where
relevant.
c. Whether these investments and services are commercial, in-
kind, or pro bono engagements. | -
[TABLE] 203-2 | Significant indirect
economic impacts | a. Examples of significant identified indirect economic impacts
of the organization, including positive and negative impacts.
b. Significance of the indirect economic impacts in the context
of external benchmarks and stakeholder priorities, such as
national and international
standards, protocols, and policy agendas. | N/A

[PAGE 225]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections 204-1 Proportion of spending on local suppliers a. Percentage of the procurement budget used for significant locations of operation that is spent on suppliers local to that operation (such as percentage of products and services purchased locally). b. The organization’s geographical definition of ‘local’. c. The definition used for ‘significant locations of operation’. - 205: Anti-corruption 2016 205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption a. Total number and percentage of operations assessed for risks related to corruption. b. Significant risks related to corruption identified through the risk assessment. Bribery Prevention 205-2 Communication and training about anti- corruption policies and procedures a. Total number and percentage of governance body members that the organization’s anti-corruption policies and procedures have been communicated to, broken down by region. b. Total number and percentage of employees that the organization’s anti-corruption policies and procedures have been communicated to, broken down by employee category and region. c. Total number and percentage of business partners that the organization’s anti-corruption policies and procedures have been communicated to, broken down by type of business partner and region. Describe if the organization’s anti- corruption policies and procedures have been communicated to any other persons or organizations. d. Total number and percentage of governance body members that have received training on anti-corruption, broken down by region. e. Total number and percentage of employees that have received training on anti-corruption, broken down by employee category and region. SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelin es Compliance > Initiatives > Trai ning 205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken a. Total number and nature of confirmed incidents of corruption. b. Total number of confirmed incidents in which employees were dismissed or disciplined for corruption. c. Total number of confirmed incidents when contracts with business partners were terminated or not renewed due to violations related to corruption. d. Public legal cases regarding corruption brought against the organization or its employees during the reporting period and the outcomes of such cases. N/A 206: Anti-compretitive Behavior 2016 206-1 Legal actions for anti- competitive behavior, antitrust, and monopoly practices a. Number of legal actions pending or completed during the reporting period regarding anti-competitive behavior and violations of anti-trust and monopoly legislation in which the organization has been identified as a participant. b. Main outcomes of completed legal actions, including any decisions or judgments. N/A GRI 300: Environmental 301: Materials 2016 301-1 Materials used by weight or volume a. Total weight or volume of materials that are used to produce and package the organization’s primary products and services during the reporting period, by: i. non-renewable materials used; ii. renewable materials used. SUBARU Group Material Flow 301-2 Recycled input materials used a. Percentage of recycled input materials used to manufacture the organization’s primary products and services. Resource Recycling 301-3 Reclaimed products and their packaging materials a. Percentage of reclaimed products and their packaging materials for each product category. b. How the data for this disclosure have been collected. Resource Recycling > Achieve ments and Initiatives > Logisti cs/Sales 204: Procurement Practices 2016 225 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the CEO Sustainability | GGRRII CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx//
TTCCFFDD CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx | SUBARU C
Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Item
Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
Number
[TABLE] 204: Procurement Practices 2016
a. Percentage of the procurement budget used for significant
locations of operation that is spent on suppliers local to that
Proportion of spending operation (such as percentage of products and services
204-1 -
on local suppliers purchased locally).
b.The organization’s geographical definition of ‘local’.
c.The definition used for ‘significant locations of operation’.
205: Anti-corruption 2016
a. Total number and percentage of operations assessed for
Operations assessed for
risks related to corruption.
205-1 risks related to Bribery Prevention
b. Significant risks related to corruption identified through the
corruption
risk assessment.
a. Total number and percentage of governance body members
that the organization’s anti-corruption policies and procedures
have been communicated to, broken down by region.
b. Total number and percentage of employees that the
organization’s anti-corruption policies and procedures have
been communicated to, broken down by employee category
and region.
Communication and c.Total number and percentage of business partners that the SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelin
training about anti- organization’s anti-corruption policies and procedures have es
205-2 been communicated to, broken down by type of business
corruption policies and Compliance > Initiatives > Trai
partner and region. Describe if the organization’s anti-
procedures ning
corruption policies and procedures have been communicated
to any other persons or organizations.
d. Total number and percentage of governance body members
that have received training on anti-corruption, broken down by
region.
e. Total number and percentage of employees that have
received training on anti-corruption, broken down by employee
category and region.
a. Total number and nature of confirmed incidents of
corruption.
b.Total number of confirmed incidents in which employees
were dismissed or disciplined for corruption.
Confirmed incidents of
c. Total number of confirmed incidents when contracts with
205-3 corruption and actions N/A
business partners were terminated or not renewed due to
taken
violations related to corruption.
d. Public legal cases regarding corruption brought against the
organization or its employees during the reporting period and
the outcomes of such cases.
206: Anti-compretitive Behavior 2016
a. Number of legal actions pending or completed during the
Legal actions for anti- reporting period regarding anti-competitive behavior and
competitive behavior, violations of anti-trust and monopoly legislation in which the
206-1 N/A
antitrust, and monopoly organization has been identified as a participant.
practices b. Main outcomes of completed legal actions, including any
decisions or judgments.
GRI 300: Environmental
301: Materials 2016
a. Total weight or volume of materials that are used to produce
and package the organization’s primary products and services
Materials used by weight
301-1 during the reporting period, by: SUBARU Group Material Flow
or volume
i.non-renewable materials used;
ii.renewable materials used.
Recycled input materials a. Percentage of recycled input materials used to manufacture
301-2 Resource Recycling
used the organization’s primary products and services.
Reclaimed products and a. Percentage of reclaimed products and their packaging Resource Recycling > Achieve
301-3 their packaging materials for each product category. ments and Initiatives > Logisti
materials b.How the data for this disclosure have been collected. cs/Sales
225
[TABLE] Item
Number | Disclosure | Reporting Requirements | Corresponding Sections
[TABLE] 204: Procurement Practices 2016
[TABLE] 204-1 | Proportion of spending
on local suppliers | a. Percentage of the procurement budget used for significant
locations of operation that is spent on suppliers local to that
operation (such as percentage of products and services
purchased locally).
b.The organization’s geographical definition of ‘local’.
c.The definition used for ‘significant locations of operation’. | -
[TABLE] 205: Anti-corruption 2016
[TABLE] 205-1 | Operations assessed for
risks related to
corruption | a. Total number and percentage of operations assessed for
risks related to corruption.
b. Significant risks related to corruption identified through the
risk assessment. | Bribery Prevention
[TABLE] 205-2 | Communication and
training about anti-
corruption policies and
procedures | a. Total number and percentage of governance body members
that the organization’s anti-corruption policies and procedures
have been communicated to, broken down by region.
b. Total number and percentage of employees that the
organization’s anti-corruption policies and procedures have
been communicated to, broken down by employee category
and region.
c.Total number and percentage of business partners that the
organization’s anti-corruption policies and procedures have
been communicated to, broken down by type of business
partner and region. Describe if the organization’s anti-
corruption policies and procedures have been communicated
to any other persons or organizations.
d. Total number and percentage of governance body members
that have received training on anti-corruption, broken down by
region.
e. Total number and percentage of employees that have
received training on anti-corruption, broken down by employee
category and region. | SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelin
es
Compliance > Initiatives > Trai
ning
[TABLE] 205-3 | Confirmed incidents of
corruption and actions
taken | a. Total number and nature of confirmed incidents of
corruption.
b.Total number of confirmed incidents in which employees
were dismissed or disciplined for corruption.
c. Total number of confirmed incidents when contracts with
business partners were terminated or not renewed due to
violations related to corruption.
d. Public legal cases regarding corruption brought against the
organization or its employees during the reporting period and
the outcomes of such cases. | N/A
[TABLE] 206: Anti-compretitive Behavior 2016
[TABLE] 206-1 | Legal actions for anti-
competitive behavior,
antitrust, and monopoly
practices | a. Number of legal actions pending or completed during the
reporting period regarding anti-competitive behavior and
violations of anti-trust and monopoly legislation in which the
organization has been identified as a participant.
b. Main outcomes of completed legal actions, including any
decisions or judgments. | N/A
[TABLE] GRI 300: Environmental
[TABLE] 301: Materials 2016
[TABLE] 301-1 | Materials used by weight
or volume | a. Total weight or volume of materials that are used to produce
and package the organization’s primary products and services
during the reporting period, by:
i.non-renewable materials used;
ii.renewable materials used. | SUBARU Group Material Flow
[TABLE] 301-2 | Recycled input materials
used | a. Percentage of recycled input materials used to manufacture
the organization’s primary products and services. | Resource Recycling
[TABLE] 301-3 | Reclaimed products and
their packaging
materials | a. Percentage of reclaimed products and their packaging
materials for each product category.
b.How the data for this disclosure have been collected. | Resource Recycling > Achieve
ments and Initiatives > Logisti
cs/Sales

[PAGE 226]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections 302-1 Energy consumption within the organization a. Total fuel consumption within the organization from non- renewable sources, in joules or multiples, and including fuel types used. b. Total fuel consumption within the organization from renewable sources, in joules or multiples, and including fuel types used. c. In joules, watt-hours or multiples, the total: i. electricity consumption ii. heating consumption iii. cooling consumption iv. steam consumption d. In joules, watt-hours or multiples, the total: i. electricity sold ii. heating sold iii. cooling sold iv. steam sold e. Total energy consumption within the organization, in joules or multiples. f. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used. g. Source of the conversion factors used. SUBARU Group Material Flow 302-2 Energy consumption outside of the organization a. Energy consumption outside of the organization, in joules or multiples. b. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used. c. Source of the conversion factors used. - 302-3 Energy intensity a. Energy intensity ratio for the organization. b. Organization-specific metric (the denominator) chosen to calculate the ratio. c. Types of energy included in the intensity ratio; whether fuel, electricity, heating, cooling, steam, or all. d. Whether the ratio uses energy consumption within the organization, outside of it, or both. - 302-4 Reduction of energy consumption a. Amount of reductions in energy consumption achieved as a direct result of conservation and efficiency initiatives, in joules or multiples. b. Types of energy included in the reductions; whether fuel, electricity, heating, cooling, steam, or all. c. Basis for calculating reductions in energy consumption, such as base year or baseline, including the rationale for choosing it. d. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used. Climate Change 302-5 Reductions in energy requirements of products and services a. Reductions in energy requirements of sold products and services achieved during the reporting period, in joules or multiples. b. Basis for calculating reductions in energy consumption, such as base year or baseline, including the rationale for choosing it. c. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used. Environmentally Friendly Auto mobiles > Initiatives 303: Water and Effluents 2018 303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource a. A description of how the organization interacts with water, including how and where water is withdrawn, consumed, and discharged, and the water-related impacts caused or contributed to, or directly linked to the organization’s activities, products or services by a business relationship (e.g., impacts caused by runoff). b. A description of the approach used to identify water-related impacts, including the scope of assessments, their timeframe, and any tools or methodologies used. c. A description of how water-related impacts are addressed, including how the organization works with stakeholders to steward water as a shared resource, and how it engages with suppliers or customers with significant water-related impacts. d. An explanation of the process for setting any water-related goals and targets that are part of the organization’s management approach, and how they relate to public policy and the local context of each area with water stress. Water Resources 302: Energy 2016 226 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the CEO Sustainability | GGRRII CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx//
TTCCFFDD CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx | SUBARU C
Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Item
Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
Number
[TABLE] 302: Energy 2016
a. Total fuel consumption within the organization from non-
renewable sources, in joules or multiples, and including fuel
types used.
b. Total fuel consumption within the organization from
renewable sources, in joules or multiples, and including fuel
types used.
c.In joules, watt-hours or multiples, the total:
i.electricity consumption
ii.heating consumption
iii.cooling consumption
Energy consumption
302-1 iv.steam consumption SUBARU Group Material Flow
within the organization
d.In joules, watt-hours or multiples, the total:
i.electricity sold
ii.heating sold
iii.cooling sold
iv.steam sold
e. Total energy consumption within the organization, in joules
or multiples.
f. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation
tools used.
g.Source of the conversion factors used.
a. Energy consumption outside of the organization, in joules or
Energy consumption multiples.
302-2 outside of the b.Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation -
organization tools used.
c.Source of the conversion factors used.
a.Energy intensity ratio for the organization.
b. Organization-specific metric (the denominator) chosen to
calculate the ratio.
302-3 Energy intensity c.Types of energy included in the intensity ratio; whether fuel, -
electricity, heating, cooling, steam, or all.
d. Whether the ratio uses energy consumption within the
organization, outside of it, or both.
a. Amount of reductions in energy consumption achieved as a
direct result of conservation and efficiency initiatives, in joules
or multiples.
b.Types of energy included in the reductions; whether fuel,
Reduction of energy electricity, heating, cooling, steam, or all.
302-4 Climate Change
consumption c. Basis for calculating reductions in energy consumption, such
as base year or baseline, including the rationale for choosing
it.
d. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation
tools used.
a. Reductions in energy requirements of sold products and
services achieved during the reporting period, in joules or
multiples.
Reductions in energy
b.Basis for calculating reductions in energy consumption, such Environmentally Friendly Auto
302-5 requirements of
as base year or baseline, including the rationale for choosing mobiles > Initiatives
products and services
it.
c. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation
tools used.
303: Water and Effluents 2018
a. A description of how the organization interacts with water,
including how and where water is withdrawn, consumed, and
discharged, and the water-related impacts caused or
contributed to, or directly linked to the organization’s
activities, products or services by a business relationship (e.g.,
impacts caused by runoff).
b. A description of the approach used to identify water-related
impacts, including the scope of assessments, their timeframe,
and any tools or methodologies used.
Interactions with water
303-1 c.A description of how water-related impacts are addressed, Water Resources
as a shared resource
including how the organization works with stakeholders to
steward water as a shared resource,
and how it engages with suppliers or customers with
significant water-related impacts.
d. An explanation of the process for setting any water-related
goals and targets that are part of the organization’s
management approach, and how they
relate to public policy and the local context of each area with
water stress.
226
[TABLE] Item
Number | Disclosure | Reporting Requirements | Corresponding Sections
[TABLE] 302: Energy 2016
[TABLE] 302-1 | Energy consumption
within the organization | a. Total fuel consumption within the organization from non-
renewable sources, in joules or multiples, and including fuel
types used.
b. Total fuel consumption within the organization from
renewable sources, in joules or multiples, and including fuel
types used.
c.In joules, watt-hours or multiples, the total:
i.electricity consumption
ii.heating consumption
iii.cooling consumption
iv.steam consumption
d.In joules, watt-hours or multiples, the total:
i.electricity sold
ii.heating sold
iii.cooling sold
iv.steam sold
e. Total energy consumption within the organization, in joules
or multiples.
f. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation
tools used.
g.Source of the conversion factors used. | SUBARU Group Material Flow
[TABLE] 302-2 | Energy consumption
outside of the
organization | a. Energy consumption outside of the organization, in joules or
multiples.
b.Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation
tools used.
c.Source of the conversion factors used. | -
[TABLE] 302-3 | Energy intensity | a.Energy intensity ratio for the organization.
b. Organization-specific metric (the denominator) chosen to
calculate the ratio.
c.Types of energy included in the intensity ratio; whether fuel,
electricity, heating, cooling, steam, or all.
d. Whether the ratio uses energy consumption within the
organization, outside of it, or both. | -
[TABLE] 302-4 | Reduction of energy
consumption | a. Amount of reductions in energy consumption achieved as a
direct result of conservation and efficiency initiatives, in joules
or multiples.
b.Types of energy included in the reductions; whether fuel,
electricity, heating, cooling, steam, or all.
c. Basis for calculating reductions in energy consumption, such
as base year or baseline, including the rationale for choosing
it.
d. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation
tools used. | Climate Change
[TABLE] 302-5 | Reductions in energy
requirements of
products and services | a. Reductions in energy requirements of sold products and
services achieved during the reporting period, in joules or
multiples.
b.Basis for calculating reductions in energy consumption, such
as base year or baseline, including the rationale for choosing
it.
c. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation
tools used. | Environmentally Friendly Auto
mobiles > Initiatives
[TABLE] 303: Water and Effluents 2018
[TABLE] 303-1 | Interactions with water
as a shared resource | a. A description of how the organization interacts with water,
including how and where water is withdrawn, consumed, and
discharged, and the water-related impacts caused or
contributed to, or directly linked to the organization’s
activities, products or services by a business relationship (e.g.,
impacts caused by runoff).
b. A description of the approach used to identify water-related
impacts, including the scope of assessments, their timeframe,
and any tools or methodologies used.
c.A description of how water-related impacts are addressed,
including how the organization works with stakeholders to
steward water as a shared resource,
and how it engages with suppliers or customers with
significant water-related impacts.
d. An explanation of the process for setting any water-related
goals and targets that are part of the organization’s
management approach, and how they
relate to public policy and the local context of each area with
water stress. | Water Resources

[PAGE 227]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections 303-2 Management of water discharge-related impacts a. A description of any minimum standards set for the quality of effluent discharge, and how these minimum standards were determined, including: i. how standards for facilities operating in locations with no local discharge requirements were determined; ii. any internally developed water quality standards or guidelines; iii. any sector-specific standards considered; iv. whether the profile of the receiving waterbody was considered. Water Risk Assessment 303-3 Water withdrawal a. Total water withdrawal from all areas in megaliters, and a breakdown of this total by the following sources, if applicable: i. Surface water; ii. Groundwater; iii. Seawater; iv. Produced water; v. Third-party water. b. Total water withdrawal from all areas with water stress in megaliters, and a breakdown of this total by the following sources, if applicable: i. Surface water; ii. Groundwater; iii. Seawater; iv. Produced water; v. Third-party water, and a breakdown of this total by the withdrawal sources listed in i-iv. c. A breakdown of total water withdrawal from each of the sources listed in Disclosures 303-3-a and 303-3-b in megaliters by the following categories: i. Freshwater (≤1,000 mg/L Total Dissolved Solids); ii. Other water (>1,000 mg/L Total Dissolved Solids). d. Any contextual information necessary to understand how the data have been compiled, such as any standards, methodologies, and assumptions used. Breakdown of water consumpt ion by water source at major p roduction bases 303-4 Water discharge a. Total water discharge to all areas in megaliters, and a breakdown of this total by the following types of destination, if applicable: i. Surface water; ii. Groundwater; iii. Seawater; iv. Third-party water, and the volume of this total sent for use to other organizations, if applicable. b. A breakdown of total water discharge to all areas in megaliters by the following categories: i. Freshwater (≤1,000 mg/L Total Dissolved Solids); ii. Other water (>1,000 mg/L Total Dissolved Solids). c. Total water discharge to all areas with water stress in megaliters, and a breakdown of this total by the following categories: i. Freshwater (≤1,000 mg/L Total Dissolved Solids); ii. Other water (>1,000 mg/L Total Dissolved Solids). d. Priority substances of concern for which discharges are treated, including: i. how priority substances of concern were defined, and any international standard, authoritative list, or criteria used; ii. the approach for setting discharge limits for priority substances of concern; iii. number of incidents of non-compliance with discharge limits. e. Any contextual information necessary to understand how the data have been compiled, such as any standards, methodologies, and assumptions used. - 303-5 Water consumption a. Total water consumption from all areas in megaliters. b. Total water consumption from all areas with water stress in megaliters. c. Change in water storage in megaliters, if water storage has been identified as having a significant water-related impact. d. Any contextual information necessary to understand how the data have been compiled, such as any standards, methodologies, and assumptions used, including whether the information is calculated, estimated, modeled, or sourced from direct measurements, and the approach taken for this, such as the use of any sector-specific factors. Water Resources 227 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the CEO Sustainability | GGRRII CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx//
TTCCFFDD CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx | SUBARU C
Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Item
Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
Number
[TABLE] a. A description of any minimum standards set for the quality
of effluent discharge, and how these minimum standards were
determined, including:
i. how standards for facilities operating in locations with no
Management of water
local discharge requirements were determined;
303-2 discharge-related Water Risk Assessment
ii. any internally developed water quality standards or
impacts
guidelines;
iii.any sector-specific standards considered;
iv. whether the profile of the receiving waterbody was
considered.
a. Total water withdrawal from all areas in megaliters, and a
breakdown of this total by the following sources, if applicable:
i.Surface water;
ii.Groundwater;
iii.Seawater;
iv.Produced water;
v.Third-party water.
b. Total water withdrawal from all areas with water stress in
megaliters, and a breakdown of this total by the following
sources, if applicable:
i.Surface water;
Breakdown of water consumpt
ii.Groundwater;
303-3 Water withdrawal ion by water source at major p
iii.Seawater;
roduction bases
iv.Produced water;
v. Third-party water, and a breakdown of this total by the
withdrawal sources listed in i-iv.
c. A breakdown of total water withdrawal from each of the
sources listed in Disclosures 303-3-a and 303-3-b in megaliters
by the following categories:
i.Freshwater (≤1,000 mg/L Total Dissolved Solids);
ii.Other water (>1,000 mg/L Total Dissolved Solids).
d. Any contextual information necessary to understand how the
data have been compiled, such as any standards,
methodologies, and assumptions used.
a. Total water discharge to all areas in megaliters, and a
breakdown of this total by the following types of destination, if
applicable:
i.Surface water;
ii.Groundwater;
iii.Seawater;
iv. Third-party water, and the volume of this total sent for use
to other organizations, if applicable.
b. A breakdown of total water discharge to all areas in
megaliters by the following categories:
i.Freshwater (≤1,000 mg/L Total Dissolved Solids);
ii.Other water (>1,000 mg/L Total Dissolved Solids).
c. Total water discharge to all areas with water stress in
megaliters, and a breakdown of this total by the following
303-4 Water discharge -
categories:
i.Freshwater (≤1,000 mg/L Total Dissolved Solids);
ii.Other water (>1,000 mg/L Total Dissolved Solids).
d. Priority substances of concern for which discharges are
treated, including:
i. how priority substances of concern were defined, and any
international standard, authoritative list, or criteria used;
ii. the approach for setting discharge limits for priority
substances of concern;
iii. number of incidents of non-compliance with discharge
limits.
e. Any contextual information necessary to understand how the
data have been compiled, such as any standards,
methodologies, and assumptions used.
a.Total water consumption from all areas in megaliters.
b. Total water consumption from all areas with water stress in
megaliters.
c. Change in water storage in megaliters, if water storage has
been identified as having a significant water-related impact.
d.Any contextual information necessary to understand how the
303-5 Water consumption Water Resources
data have been compiled, such as any standards,
methodologies, and assumptions used,
including whether the information is calculated, estimated,
modeled, or sourced from direct measurements, and the
approach taken for this, such as the use of any sector-specific
factors.
227
[TABLE] Item
Number | Disclosure | Reporting Requirements | Corresponding Sections
[TABLE] 303-2 | Management of water
discharge-related
impacts | a. A description of any minimum standards set for the quality
of effluent discharge, and how these minimum standards were
determined, including:
i. how standards for facilities operating in locations with no
local discharge requirements were determined;
ii. any internally developed water quality standards or
guidelines;
iii.any sector-specific standards considered;
iv. whether the profile of the receiving waterbody was
considered. | Water Risk Assessment
[TABLE] 303-3 | Water withdrawal | a. Total water withdrawal from all areas in megaliters, and a
breakdown of this total by the following sources, if applicable:
i.Surface water;
ii.Groundwater;
iii.Seawater;
iv.Produced water;
v.Third-party water.
b. Total water withdrawal from all areas with water stress in
megaliters, and a breakdown of this total by the following
sources, if applicable:
i.Surface water;
ii.Groundwater;
iii.Seawater;
iv.Produced water;
v. Third-party water, and a breakdown of this total by the
withdrawal sources listed in i-iv.
c. A breakdown of total water withdrawal from each of the
sources listed in Disclosures 303-3-a and 303-3-b in megaliters
by the following categories:
i.Freshwater (≤1,000 mg/L Total Dissolved Solids);
ii.Other water (>1,000 mg/L Total Dissolved Solids).
d. Any contextual information necessary to understand how the
data have been compiled, such as any standards,
methodologies, and assumptions used. | Breakdown of water consumpt
ion by water source at major p
roduction bases
[TABLE] 303-4 | Water discharge | a. Total water discharge to all areas in megaliters, and a
breakdown of this total by the following types of destination, if
applicable:
i.Surface water;
ii.Groundwater;
iii.Seawater;
iv. Third-party water, and the volume of this total sent for use
to other organizations, if applicable.
b. A breakdown of total water discharge to all areas in
megaliters by the following categories:
i.Freshwater (≤1,000 mg/L Total Dissolved Solids);
ii.Other water (>1,000 mg/L Total Dissolved Solids).
c. Total water discharge to all areas with water stress in
megaliters, and a breakdown of this total by the following
categories:
i.Freshwater (≤1,000 mg/L Total Dissolved Solids);
ii.Other water (>1,000 mg/L Total Dissolved Solids).
d. Priority substances of concern for which discharges are
treated, including:
i. how priority substances of concern were defined, and any
international standard, authoritative list, or criteria used;
ii. the approach for setting discharge limits for priority
substances of concern;
iii. number of incidents of non-compliance with discharge
limits.
e. Any contextual information necessary to understand how the
data have been compiled, such as any standards,
methodologies, and assumptions used. | -
[TABLE] 303-5 | Water consumption | a.Total water consumption from all areas in megaliters.
b. Total water consumption from all areas with water stress in
megaliters.
c. Change in water storage in megaliters, if water storage has
been identified as having a significant water-related impact.
d.Any contextual information necessary to understand how the
data have been compiled, such as any standards,
methodologies, and assumptions used,
including whether the information is calculated, estimated,
modeled, or sourced from direct measurements, and the
approach taken for this, such as the use of any sector-specific
factors. | Water Resources

[PAGE 228]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections 304-1 Operational sites owned, leased, managed in, or adjacent to, protected areas and areas of high biodiversity value outside protected areas a. For each operational site owned, leased, managed in, or adjacent to, protected areas and areas of high biodiversity value outside protected areas, the following information: i. Geographic location; ii. Subsurface and underground land that may be owned, leased, or managed by the organization; iii. Position in relation to the protected area (in the area, adjacent to, or containing portions of the protected area) or the high biodiversity value area outside protected areas; iv. Type of operation (office, manufacturing or production, or extractive); v. Size of operational site in km2 (or another unit, if appropriate); vi. Biodiversity value characterized by the attribute of the protected area or area of high biodiversity value outside the protected area (terrestrial, freshwater, or maritime ecosystem); vii. Biodiversity value characterized by listing of protected status (such as IUCN Protected Area Management Categories, Ramsar Convention, national legislation). N/A 304-2 Significant impacts of activities, products, and services on biodiversity a. Nature of significant direct and indirect impacts on biodiversity with reference to one or more of the following: i. Construction or use of manufacturing plants, mines, and transport infrastructure; ii. Pollution (introduction of substances that do not naturally occur in the habitat from point and non-point sources); iii. Introduction of invasive species, pests, and pathogens; iv. Reduction of species; v. Habitat conversion; vi. Changes in ecological processes outside the natural range of variation (such as salinity or changes in groundwater level). b. Significant direct and indirect positive and negative impacts with reference to the following: i. Species affected; ii. Extent of areas impacted; iii. Duration of impacts; iv. Reversibility or irreversibility of the impacts. - 304-3 Habitats protected or restored a. Size and location of all habitat areas protected or restored, and whether the success of the restoration measure was or is approved by independent external professionals. b. Whether partnerships exist with third parties to protect or restore habitat areas distinct from where the organization has overseen and implemented restoration or protection measures. c. Status of each area based on its condition at the close of the reporting period. d. Standards, methodologies, and assumptions used. Biodiversity > Initiatives > Ove rseas 304-4 IUCN Red List species and national conservation list species with habitats in areas affected by operations a. Total number of IUCN Red List species and national conservation list species with habitats in areas affected by the operations of the organization, by level of extinction risk: i. Critically endangered ii. Endangered iii. Vulnerable iv. Near threatened v. Least concern N/A 305: Emissions 2016 305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions a. Gross direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent. b. Gases included in the calculation; whether CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, or all. c. Biogenic CO2 emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent. d. Base year for the calculation, if applicable, including: i. the rationale for choosing it; ii. emissions in the base year; iii. the context for any significant changes in emissions that triggered recalculations of base year emissions. e. Source of the emission factors and the global warming potential (GWP) rates used, or a reference to the GWP source. f. Consolidation approach for emissions; whether equity share, financial control, or operational control. g. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used. Climate Change 304: Biodiversity 2016 228 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the CEO Sustainability | GGRRII CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx//
TTCCFFDD CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx | SUBARU C
Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Item
Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
Number
[TABLE] 304: Biodiversity 2016
a. For each operational site owned, leased, managed in, or
adjacent to, protected areas and areas of high biodiversity
value outside protected areas, the following information:
i.Geographic location;
ii. Subsurface and underground land that may be owned,
leased, or managed by the organization;
iii. Position in relation to the protected area (in the area,
Operational sites owned,
adjacent to, or containing portions of the protected area) or
leased, managed in, or
the high biodiversity value area outside protected areas;
adjacent to, protected
304-1 iv.Type of operation (office, manufacturing or production, or N/A
areas and areas of high
extractive);
biodiversity value
v. Size of operational site in km2 (or another unit, if
outside protected areas
appropriate);
vi. Biodiversity value characterized by the attribute of the
protected area or area of high biodiversity value outside the
protected area (terrestrial, freshwater, or maritime ecosystem);
vii. Biodiversity value characterized by listing of protected
status (such as IUCN Protected Area Management Categories,
Ramsar Convention, national legislation).
a. Nature of significant direct and indirect impacts on
biodiversity with reference to one or more of the following:
i. Construction or use of manufacturing plants, mines, and
transport infrastructure;
ii. Pollution (introduction of substances that do not naturally
occur in the habitat from point and non-point sources);
iii.Introduction of invasive species, pests, and pathogens;
Significant impacts of iv.Reduction of species;
304-2 activities, products, and v.Habitat conversion; -
services on biodiversity vi. Changes in ecological processes outside the natural range
of variation (such as salinity or changes in groundwater level).
b. Significant direct and indirect positive and negative impacts
with reference to the following:
i.Species affected;
ii.Extent of areas impacted;
iii.Duration of impacts;
iv.Reversibility or irreversibility of the impacts.
a. Size and location of all habitat areas protected or restored,
and whether the success of the restoration measure was or is
approved by independent external professionals.
b.Whether partnerships exist with third parties to protect or
Habitats protected or Biodiversity > Initiatives > Ove
304-3 restore habitat areas distinct from where the organization has
restored rseas
overseen and implemented restoration or protection measures.
c. Status of each area based on its condition at the close of the
reporting period.
d.Standards, methodologies, and assumptions used.
a. Total number of IUCN Red List species and national
conservation list species with habitats in areas affected by the
IUCN Red List species
operations of the organization, by level of extinction risk:
and national
i.Critically endangered
304-4 conservation list species N/A
ii.Endangered
with habitats in areas
iii.Vulnerable
affected by operations
iv.Near threatened
v.Least concern
305: Emissions 2016
a. Gross direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2
equivalent.
b. Gases included in the calculation; whether CO2, CH4, N2O,
HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, or all.
c.Biogenic CO2 emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent.
d.Base year for the calculation, if applicable, including:
i.the rationale for choosing it;
Direct (Scope 1) GHG ii.emissions in the base year;
305-1 Climate Change
emissions iii. the context for any significant changes in emissions that
triggered recalculations of base year emissions.
e. Source of the emission factors and the global warming
potential (GWP) rates used, or a reference to the GWP source.
f. Consolidation approach for emissions; whether equity share,
financial control, or operational control.
g. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation
tools used.
228
[TABLE] Item
Number | Disclosure | Reporting Requirements | Corresponding Sections
[TABLE] 304: Biodiversity 2016
[TABLE] 304-1 | Operational sites owned,
leased, managed in, or
adjacent to, protected
areas and areas of high
biodiversity value
outside protected areas | a. For each operational site owned, leased, managed in, or
adjacent to, protected areas and areas of high biodiversity
value outside protected areas, the following information:
i.Geographic location;
ii. Subsurface and underground land that may be owned,
leased, or managed by the organization;
iii. Position in relation to the protected area (in the area,
adjacent to, or containing portions of the protected area) or
the high biodiversity value area outside protected areas;
iv.Type of operation (office, manufacturing or production, or
extractive);
v. Size of operational site in km2 (or another unit, if
appropriate);
vi. Biodiversity value characterized by the attribute of the
protected area or area of high biodiversity value outside the
protected area (terrestrial, freshwater, or maritime ecosystem);
vii. Biodiversity value characterized by listing of protected
status (such as IUCN Protected Area Management Categories,
Ramsar Convention, national legislation). | N/A
[TABLE] 304-2 | Significant impacts of
activities, products, and
services on biodiversity | a. Nature of significant direct and indirect impacts on
biodiversity with reference to one or more of the following:
i. Construction or use of manufacturing plants, mines, and
transport infrastructure;
ii. Pollution (introduction of substances that do not naturally
occur in the habitat from point and non-point sources);
iii.Introduction of invasive species, pests, and pathogens;
iv.Reduction of species;
v.Habitat conversion;
vi. Changes in ecological processes outside the natural range
of variation (such as salinity or changes in groundwater level).
b. Significant direct and indirect positive and negative impacts
with reference to the following:
i.Species affected;
ii.Extent of areas impacted;
iii.Duration of impacts;
iv.Reversibility or irreversibility of the impacts. | -
[TABLE] 304-3 | Habitats protected or
restored | a. Size and location of all habitat areas protected or restored,
and whether the success of the restoration measure was or is
approved by independent external professionals.
b.Whether partnerships exist with third parties to protect or
restore habitat areas distinct from where the organization has
overseen and implemented restoration or protection measures.
c. Status of each area based on its condition at the close of the
reporting period.
d.Standards, methodologies, and assumptions used. | Biodiversity > Initiatives > Ove
rseas
[TABLE] 304-4 | IUCN Red List species
and national
conservation list species
with habitats in areas
affected by operations | a. Total number of IUCN Red List species and national
conservation list species with habitats in areas affected by the
operations of the organization, by level of extinction risk:
i.Critically endangered
ii.Endangered
iii.Vulnerable
iv.Near threatened
v.Least concern | N/A
[TABLE] 305: Emissions 2016
[TABLE] 305-1 | Direct (Scope 1) GHG
emissions | a. Gross direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2
equivalent.
b. Gases included in the calculation; whether CO2, CH4, N2O,
HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, or all.
c.Biogenic CO2 emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent.
d.Base year for the calculation, if applicable, including:
i.the rationale for choosing it;
ii.emissions in the base year;
iii. the context for any significant changes in emissions that
triggered recalculations of base year emissions.
e. Source of the emission factors and the global warming
potential (GWP) rates used, or a reference to the GWP source.
f. Consolidation approach for emissions; whether equity share,
financial control, or operational control.
g. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation
tools used. | Climate Change

[PAGE 229]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections 305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions a. Gross location-based energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent. b. If applicable, gross market-based energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent. c. If available, the gases included in the calculation; whether CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, or all. d. Base year for the calculation, if applicable, including: i. the rationale for choosing it; ii. emissions in the base year; iii. the context for any significant changes in emissions that triggered recalculations of base year emissions. e. Source of the emission factors and the global warming potential (GWP) rates used, or a reference to the GWP source. f. Consolidation approach for emissions; whether equity share, financial control, or operational control. g. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used. Climate Change 305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions a. Gross other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent. b. If available, the gases included in the calculation; whether CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, or all. c. Biogenic CO2 emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent. d. Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions categories and activities included in the calculation. e. Base year for the calculation, if applicable, including: i. the rationale for choosing it; ii. emissions in the base year; iii. the context for any significant changes in emissions that triggered recalculations of base year emissions. f. Source of the emission factors and the global warming potential (GWP) rates used, or a reference to the GWP source. g. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used. Climate Change 305-4 GHG emissions intensity a. GHG emissions intensity ratio for the organization. b. Organization-specific metric (the denominator) chosen to calculate the ratio. c. Types of GHG emissions included in the intensity ratio; whether direct (Scope 1), energy indirect (Scope 2), and/or other indirect (Scope 3). d. Gases included in the calculation; whether CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, or all. Climate Change 305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions a. GHG emissions reduced as a direct result of reduction initiatives, in metric tons of CO2 equivalent. b. Gases included in the calculation; whether CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, or all. c. Base year or baseline, including the rationale for choosing it. d. Scopes in which reductions took place; whether direct (Scope 1), energy indirect (Scope 2), and/or other indirect (Scope 3). e. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used. Climate Change 305-6 Emissions of ozone- depleting substances (ODS) a. Production, imports, and exports of ODS in metric tons of CFC-11 (trichlorofluoromethane) equivalent. b. Substances included in the calculation. c. Source of the emission factors used. d. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used. - 305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx), and other significant air emissions a. Significant air emissions, in kilograms or multiples, for each of the following: i. NOx ii. SOx iii. Persistent organic pollutants (POP) iv. Volatile organic compounds (VOC) v. Hazardous air pollutants (HAP) vi. Particulate matter (PM) vii. Other standard categories of air emissions identified in relevant regulations b. Source of the emission factors used. c. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used. Prevention of Pollution > Achie vements and Initiatives 229 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the CEO Sustainability | GGRRII CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx//
TTCCFFDD CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx | SUBARU C
Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Item
Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
Number
[TABLE] a. Gross location-based energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG
emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent.
b. If applicable, gross market-based energy indirect (Scope 2)
GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent.
c. If available, the gases included in the calculation; whether
CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, or all.
d.Base year for the calculation, if applicable, including:
i.the rationale for choosing it;
Energy indirect (Scope 2)
305-2 ii.emissions in the base year; Climate Change
GHG emissions
iii. the context for any significant changes in emissions that
triggered recalculations of base year emissions.
e. Source of the emission factors and the global warming
potential (GWP) rates used, or a reference to the GWP source.
f. Consolidation approach for emissions; whether equity share,
financial control, or operational control.
g. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation
tools used.
a. Gross other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions in metric tons
of CO2 equivalent.
b. If available, the gases included in the calculation; whether
CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, or all.
c.Biogenic CO2 emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent.
d. Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions categories and
activities included in the calculation.
Other indirect (Scope 3) e.Base year for the calculation, if applicable, including:
305-3 Climate Change
GHG emissions i.the rationale for choosing it;
ii.emissions in the base year;
iii. the context for any significant changes in emissions that
triggered recalculations of base year emissions.
f. Source of the emission factors and the global warming
potential (GWP) rates used, or a reference to the GWP source.
g. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation
tools used.
a.GHG emissions intensity ratio for the organization.
b. Organization-specific metric (the denominator) chosen to
calculate the ratio.
c.Types of GHG emissions included in the intensity ratio;
305-4 GHG emissions intensity Climate Change
whether direct (Scope 1), energy indirect (Scope 2), and/or
other indirect (Scope 3).
d. Gases included in the calculation; whether CO2, CH4, N2O,
HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, or all.
a. GHG emissions reduced as a direct result of reduction
initiatives, in metric tons of CO2 equivalent.
b.Gases included in the calculation; whether CO2, CH4, N2O,
HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, or all.
Reduction of GHG
305-5 c.Base year or baseline, including the rationale for choosing it. Climate Change
emissions
d. Scopes in which reductions took place; whether direct (Scope
1), energy indirect (Scope 2), and/or other indirect (Scope 3).
e. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation
tools used.
a. Production, imports, and exports of ODS in metric tons of
CFC-11 (trichlorofluoromethane) equivalent.
Emissions of ozone-
b.Substances included in the calculation.
305-6 depleting substances -
c.Source of the emission factors used.
(ODS)
d. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation
tools used.
a. Significant air emissions, in kilograms or multiples, for each
of the following:
i.NOx
ii.SOx
iii.Persistent organic pollutants (POP)
Nitrogen oxides (NOx),
iv.Volatile organic compounds (VOC)
sulfur oxides (SOx), and Prevention of Pollution > Achie
305-7 v.Hazardous air pollutants (HAP)
other significant air vements and Initiatives
vi.Particulate matter (PM)
emissions
vii. Other standard categories of air emissions identified in
relevant regulations
b.Source of the emission factors used.
c. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation
tools used.
229
[TABLE] Item
Number | Disclosure | Reporting Requirements | Corresponding Sections
[TABLE] 305-2 | Energy indirect (Scope 2)
GHG emissions | a. Gross location-based energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG
emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent.
b. If applicable, gross market-based energy indirect (Scope 2)
GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent.
c. If available, the gases included in the calculation; whether
CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, or all.
d.Base year for the calculation, if applicable, including:
i.the rationale for choosing it;
ii.emissions in the base year;
iii. the context for any significant changes in emissions that
triggered recalculations of base year emissions.
e. Source of the emission factors and the global warming
potential (GWP) rates used, or a reference to the GWP source.
f. Consolidation approach for emissions; whether equity share,
financial control, or operational control.
g. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation
tools used. | Climate Change
[TABLE] 305-3 | Other indirect (Scope 3)
GHG emissions | a. Gross other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions in metric tons
of CO2 equivalent.
b. If available, the gases included in the calculation; whether
CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, or all.
c.Biogenic CO2 emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent.
d. Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions categories and
activities included in the calculation.
e.Base year for the calculation, if applicable, including:
i.the rationale for choosing it;
ii.emissions in the base year;
iii. the context for any significant changes in emissions that
triggered recalculations of base year emissions.
f. Source of the emission factors and the global warming
potential (GWP) rates used, or a reference to the GWP source.
g. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation
tools used. | Climate Change
[TABLE] 305-4 | GHG emissions intensity | a.GHG emissions intensity ratio for the organization.
b. Organization-specific metric (the denominator) chosen to
calculate the ratio.
c.Types of GHG emissions included in the intensity ratio;
whether direct (Scope 1), energy indirect (Scope 2), and/or
other indirect (Scope 3).
d. Gases included in the calculation; whether CO2, CH4, N2O,
HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, or all. | Climate Change
[TABLE] 305-5 | Reduction of GHG
emissions | a. GHG emissions reduced as a direct result of reduction
initiatives, in metric tons of CO2 equivalent.
b.Gases included in the calculation; whether CO2, CH4, N2O,
HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, or all.
c.Base year or baseline, including the rationale for choosing it.
d. Scopes in which reductions took place; whether direct (Scope
1), energy indirect (Scope 2), and/or other indirect (Scope 3).
e. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation
tools used. | Climate Change
[TABLE] 305-6 | Emissions of ozone-
depleting substances
(ODS) | a. Production, imports, and exports of ODS in metric tons of
CFC-11 (trichlorofluoromethane) equivalent.
b.Substances included in the calculation.
c.Source of the emission factors used.
d. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation
tools used. | -
[TABLE] 305-7 | Nitrogen oxides (NOx),
sulfur oxides (SOx), and
other significant air
emissions | a. Significant air emissions, in kilograms or multiples, for each
of the following:
i.NOx
ii.SOx
iii.Persistent organic pollutants (POP)
iv.Volatile organic compounds (VOC)
v.Hazardous air pollutants (HAP)
vi.Particulate matter (PM)
vii. Other standard categories of air emissions identified in
relevant regulations
b.Source of the emission factors used.
c. Standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation
tools used. | Prevention of Pollution > Achie
vements and Initiatives

[PAGE 230]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections 306-1 Water discharge by quality and destination a. Total volume of planned and unplanned water discharges by: i.destination; ii. quality of the water, including treatment method; iii. whether the water was reused by another organization. b. Standards, methodologies, and assumptions used. Water Resources 306-2 Waste by type and disposal method a. Total weight of hazardous waste, with a breakdown by the following disposal methods where applicable: i. Reuse ii. Recycling iii. Composting iv. Recovery, including energy recovery v. Incineration (mass burn) vi. Deep well injection vii. Landfill viii. On-site storage ix. Other (to be specified by the organization) b. Total weight of non-hazardous waste, with a breakdown by the following disposal methods where applicable: i. Reuse ii. Recycling iii. Composting iv. Recovery, including energy recovery v. Incineration (mass burn) vi. Deep well injection vii. Landfill viii. On-site storage ix. Other (to be specified by the organization) c. How the waste disposal method has been determined: i. Disposed of directly by the organization, or otherwise directly confirmed ii. Information provided by the waste disposal contractor iii. Organizational defaults of the waste disposal contractor Resource Recycling > Achieve ments and Initiatives > Zero E missions of Waste from Produ ction 306-3 Significant spills a. Total number and total volume of recorded significant spills. b. The following additional information for each spill that was reported in the organization’s financial statements: i. Location of spill; ii. Volume of spill; iii. Material of spill, categorized by: oil spills (soil or water surfaces), fuel spills (soil or water surfaces), spills of wastes (soil or water surfaces), spills of chemicals (mostly soil or water surfaces), and other (to be specified by the organization). c. Impacts of significant spills. Hazardous Waste 306-4 Transport of hazardous waste a. Total weight for each of the following: i. Hazardous waste transported ii. Hazardous waste imported iii. Hazardous waste exported iv. Hazardous waste treated b. Percentage of hazardous waste shipped internationally. c. Standards, methodologies, and assumptions used. Chemical Substances Regulate d by Japan’s Pollutant Release and Transfer Register (PRTR) A ct 306-5 Water bodies affected by water discharges and / or runoff a. Water bodies and related habitats that are significantly affected by water discharges and/or runoff, including information on: i. the size of the water body and related habitat; ii. whether the water body and related habitat is designated as a nationally or internationally protected area; iii. the biodiversity value, such as total number of protected species. BCP 307: Environmental Compliance 2016 307-1 Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations a. Significant fines and non-monetary sanctions for non- compliance with environmental laws and/or regulations in terms of: i. total monetary value of significant fines; ii. total number of non-monetary sanctions; iii. cases brought through dispute resolution mechanisms. b. If the organization has not identified any non-compliance with environmental laws and/or regulations, a brief statement of this fact is sufficient. Prevention of Pollution > Achie vements and Initiatives 306: Effluents and Waste 2016 230 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the CEO Sustainability | GGRRII CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx//
TTCCFFDD CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx | SUBARU C
Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Item
Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
Number
[TABLE] 306: Effluents and Waste 2016
a.Total volume of planned and unplanned water discharges by:
i.destination;
Water discharge by
306-1 ii.quality of the water, including treatment method; Water Resources
quality and destination
iii.whether the water was reused by another organization.
b.Standards, methodologies, and assumptions used.
a. Total weight of hazardous waste, with a breakdown by the
following disposal methods where applicable:
i.Reuse
ii.Recycling
iii.Composting
iv.Recovery, including energy recovery
v.Incineration (mass burn)
vi.Deep well injection
vii.Landfill
viii.On-site storage
ix.Other (to be specified by the organization)
b. Total weight of non-hazardous waste, with a breakdown by
Resource Recycling > Achieve
the following disposal methods where applicable:
Waste by type and ments and Initiatives > Zero E
306-2 i.Reuse
disposal method missions of Waste from Produ
ii.Recycling
ction
iii.Composting
iv.Recovery, including energy recovery
v.Incineration (mass burn)
vi.Deep well injection
vii.Landfill
viii.On-site storage
ix.Other (to be specified by the organization)
c.How the waste disposal method has been determined:
i. Disposed of directly by the organization, or otherwise directly
confirmed
ii.Information provided by the waste disposal contractor
iii.Organizational defaults of the waste disposal contractor
a.Total number and total volume of recorded significant spills.
b. The following additional information for each spill that was
reported in the organization’s financial statements:
i.Location of spill;
ii.Volume of spill;
306-3 Significant spills Hazardous Waste
iii. Material of spill, categorized by: oil spills (soil or water
surfaces), fuel spills (soil or water surfaces), spills of wastes
(soil or water surfaces), spills of chemicals (mostly soil or water
surfaces), and other (to be specified by the organization).
c.Impacts of significant spills.
a.Total weight for each of the following:
i.Hazardous waste transported
Chemical Substances Regulate
ii.Hazardous waste imported
Transport of hazardous d by Japan’s Pollutant Release
306-4 iii.Hazardous waste exported
waste and Transfer Register (PRTR) A
iv.Hazardous waste treated
ct
b.Percentage of hazardous waste shipped internationally.
c.Standards, methodologies, and assumptions used.
a. Water bodies and related habitats that are significantly
affected by water discharges and/or runoff, including
information on:
Water bodies affected by
i.the size of the water body and related habitat;
306-5 water discharges and / BCP
ii. whether the water body and related habitat is designated as
or runoff
a nationally or internationally protected area;
iii. the biodiversity value, such as total number of protected
species.
307: Environmental Compliance 2016
a. Significant fines and non-monetary sanctions for non-
compliance with environmental laws and/or regulations in
terms of:
Non-compliance with i.total monetary value of significant fines;
Prevention of Pollution > Achie
307-1 environmental laws and ii.total number of non-monetary sanctions;
vements and Initiatives
regulations iii.cases brought through dispute resolution mechanisms.
b. If the organization has not identified any non-compliance
with environmental laws and/or regulations, a brief statement
of this fact is sufficient.
230
[TABLE] Item
Number | Disclosure | Reporting Requirements | Corresponding Sections
[TABLE] 306: Effluents and Waste 2016
[TABLE] 306-1 | Water discharge by
quality and destination | a.Total volume of planned and unplanned water discharges by:
i.destination;
ii.quality of the water, including treatment method;
iii.whether the water was reused by another organization.
b.Standards, methodologies, and assumptions used. | Water Resources
[TABLE] 306-2 | Waste by type and
disposal method | a. Total weight of hazardous waste, with a breakdown by the
following disposal methods where applicable:
i.Reuse
ii.Recycling
iii.Composting
iv.Recovery, including energy recovery
v.Incineration (mass burn)
vi.Deep well injection
vii.Landfill
viii.On-site storage
ix.Other (to be specified by the organization)
b. Total weight of non-hazardous waste, with a breakdown by
the following disposal methods where applicable:
i.Reuse
ii.Recycling
iii.Composting
iv.Recovery, including energy recovery
v.Incineration (mass burn)
vi.Deep well injection
vii.Landfill
viii.On-site storage
ix.Other (to be specified by the organization)
c.How the waste disposal method has been determined:
i. Disposed of directly by the organization, or otherwise directly
confirmed
ii.Information provided by the waste disposal contractor
iii.Organizational defaults of the waste disposal contractor | Resource Recycling > Achieve
ments and Initiatives > Zero E
missions of Waste from Produ
ction
[TABLE] 306-3 | Significant spills | a.Total number and total volume of recorded significant spills.
b. The following additional information for each spill that was
reported in the organization’s financial statements:
i.Location of spill;
ii.Volume of spill;
iii. Material of spill, categorized by: oil spills (soil or water
surfaces), fuel spills (soil or water surfaces), spills of wastes
(soil or water surfaces), spills of chemicals (mostly soil or water
surfaces), and other (to be specified by the organization).
c.Impacts of significant spills. | Hazardous Waste
[TABLE] 306-4 | Transport of hazardous
waste | a.Total weight for each of the following:
i.Hazardous waste transported
ii.Hazardous waste imported
iii.Hazardous waste exported
iv.Hazardous waste treated
b.Percentage of hazardous waste shipped internationally.
c.Standards, methodologies, and assumptions used. | Chemical Substances Regulate
d by Japan’s Pollutant Release
and Transfer Register (PRTR) A
ct
[TABLE] 306-5 | Water bodies affected by
water discharges and /
or runoff | a. Water bodies and related habitats that are significantly
affected by water discharges and/or runoff, including
information on:
i.the size of the water body and related habitat;
ii. whether the water body and related habitat is designated as
a nationally or internationally protected area;
iii. the biodiversity value, such as total number of protected
species. | BCP
[TABLE] 307: Environmental Compliance 2016
[TABLE] 307-1 | Non-compliance with
environmental laws and
regulations | a. Significant fines and non-monetary sanctions for non-
compliance with environmental laws and/or regulations in
terms of:
i.total monetary value of significant fines;
ii.total number of non-monetary sanctions;
iii.cases brought through dispute resolution mechanisms.
b. If the organization has not identified any non-compliance
with environmental laws and/or regulations, a brief statement
of this fact is sufficient. | Prevention of Pollution > Achie
vements and Initiatives

[PAGE 231]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections 308-1 New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria a. Percentage of new suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria. Green Procurement Guidelines 308-2 Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken a. Number of suppliers assessed for environmental impacts. b. Number of suppliers identified as having significant actual and potential negative environmental impacts. c. Significant actual and potential negative environmental impacts identified in the supply chain. d. Percentage of suppliers identified as having significant actual and potential negative environmental impacts with which improvements were agreed upon as a result of assessment. e. Percentage of suppliers identified as having significant actual and potential negative environmental impacts with which relationships were terminated as a result of assessment, and why. Management and Reduction of Environmentally Hazardous Su bstances Contained in Parts GRI 400: Social 401: Employment 2016 401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover a. Total number and rate of new employee hires during the reporting period, by age group, gender and region. b. Total number and rate of employee turnover during the reporting period, by age group, gender and region. Employee Data 401-2 Benefits provided to full- time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time employees a. Benefits which are standard for full-time employees of the organization but are not provided to temporary or part-time employees, by significant locations of operation. These include, as a minimum: i. life insurance; ii. health care; iii. disability and invalidity coverage; iv. parental leave; v. retirement provision; vi. stock ownership; vii. others. b. The definition used for ‘significant locations of operation’. - 401-3 Parental leave a. Total number of employees that were entitled to parental leave, by gender. b. Total number of employees that took parental leave, by gender. c. Total number of employees that returned to work in the reporting period after parental leave ended, by gender. d. Total number of employees that returned to work after parental leave ended that were still employed 12 months after their return to work, by gender. e. Return to work and retention rates of employees that took parental leave, by gender. Childcare leave system 402: Labor / Management Relations 2016 402-1 Minimum notice periods regarding operational changes a. Minimum number of weeks’ notice typically provided to employees and their representatives prior to the implementation of significant operational changes that could substantially affect them. b. For organizations with collective bargaining agreements, report whether the notice period and provisions for consultation and negotiation are specified in collective agreements. - 308: Supplier Environmental Assessment 2016 231 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the CEO Sustainability | GGRRII CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx//
TTCCFFDD CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx | SUBARU C
Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Item
Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
Number
[TABLE] 308: Supplier Environmental Assessment 2016
New suppliers that were
a. Percentage of new suppliers that were screened using
308-1 screened using Green Procurement Guidelines
environmental criteria.
environmental criteria
a.Number of suppliers assessed for environmental impacts.
b. Number of suppliers identified as having significant actual
and potential negative environmental impacts.
c. Significant actual and potential negative environmental
impacts identified in the supply chain.
Negative environmental d. Percentage of suppliers identified as having significant Management and Reduction of
308-2 impacts in the supply actual and potential negative environmental impacts with Environmentally Hazardous Su
chain and actions taken which improvements were agreed upon as a result of bstances Contained in Parts
assessment.
e. Percentage of suppliers identified as having significant
actual and potential negative environmental impacts with
which relationships were terminated as a result of assessment,
and why.
GRI 400: Social
401: Employment 2016
a. Total number and rate of new employee hires during the
New employee hires and reporting period, by age group, gender and region.
401-1 Employee Data
employee turnover b. Total number and rate of employee turnover during the
reporting period, by age group, gender and region.
a. Benefits which are standard for full-time employees of the
organization but are not provided to temporary or part-time
employees, by significant locations of operation. These include,
as a minimum:
Benefits provided to full-
i.life insurance;
time employees that are
ii.health care;
401-2 not provided to -
iii.disability and invalidity coverage;
temporary or part-time
iv.parental leave;
employees
v.retirement provision;
vi.stock ownership;
vii.others.
b.The definition used for ‘significant locations of operation’.
a. Total number of employees that were entitled to parental
leave, by gender.
b. Total number of employees that took parental leave, by
gender.
c.Total number of employees that returned to work in the
401-3 Parental leave reporting period after parental leave ended, by gender. Childcare leave system
d. Total number of employees that returned to work after
parental leave ended that were still employed 12 months after
their return to work, by gender.
e. Return to work and retention rates of employees that took
parental leave, by gender.
402: Labor / Management Relations 2016
a. Minimum number of weeks’ notice typically provided to
employees and their representatives prior to the
implementation of significant operational changes that could
Minimum notice periods
substantially affect them.
402-1 regarding operational -
b.For organizations with collective bargaining agreements,
changes
report whether the notice period and provisions for
consultation and negotiation are specified in collective
agreements.
231
[TABLE] Item
Number | Disclosure | Reporting Requirements | Corresponding Sections
[TABLE] 308: Supplier Environmental Assessment 2016
[TABLE] 308-1 | New suppliers that were
screened using
environmental criteria | a. Percentage of new suppliers that were screened using
environmental criteria. | Green Procurement Guidelines
[TABLE] 308-2 | Negative environmental
impacts in the supply
chain and actions taken | a.Number of suppliers assessed for environmental impacts.
b. Number of suppliers identified as having significant actual
and potential negative environmental impacts.
c. Significant actual and potential negative environmental
impacts identified in the supply chain.
d. Percentage of suppliers identified as having significant
actual and potential negative environmental impacts with
which improvements were agreed upon as a result of
assessment.
e. Percentage of suppliers identified as having significant
actual and potential negative environmental impacts with
which relationships were terminated as a result of assessment,
and why. | Management and Reduction of
Environmentally Hazardous Su
bstances Contained in Parts
[TABLE] GRI 400: Social
[TABLE] 401: Employment 2016
[TABLE] 401-1 | New employee hires and
employee turnover | a. Total number and rate of new employee hires during the
reporting period, by age group, gender and region.
b. Total number and rate of employee turnover during the
reporting period, by age group, gender and region. | Employee Data
[TABLE] 401-2 | Benefits provided to full-
time employees that are
not provided to
temporary or part-time
employees | a. Benefits which are standard for full-time employees of the
organization but are not provided to temporary or part-time
employees, by significant locations of operation. These include,
as a minimum:
i.life insurance;
ii.health care;
iii.disability and invalidity coverage;
iv.parental leave;
v.retirement provision;
vi.stock ownership;
vii.others.
b.The definition used for ‘significant locations of operation’. | -
[TABLE] 401-3 | Parental leave | a. Total number of employees that were entitled to parental
leave, by gender.
b. Total number of employees that took parental leave, by
gender.
c.Total number of employees that returned to work in the
reporting period after parental leave ended, by gender.
d. Total number of employees that returned to work after
parental leave ended that were still employed 12 months after
their return to work, by gender.
e. Return to work and retention rates of employees that took
parental leave, by gender. | Childcare leave system
[TABLE] 402: Labor / Management Relations 2016
[TABLE] 402-1 | Minimum notice periods
regarding operational
changes | a. Minimum number of weeks’ notice typically provided to
employees and their representatives prior to the
implementation of significant operational changes that could
substantially affect them.
b.For organizations with collective bargaining agreements,
report whether the notice period and provisions for
consultation and negotiation are specified in collective
agreements. | -

[PAGE 232]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections 403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation a. A description of the processes used to identify work-related hazards and assess risks on a routine and non-routine basis, and to apply the hierarchy of controls in order to eliminate hazards and minimize risks, including: i. how the organization ensures the quality of these processes, including the competency of persons who carry them out; ii. how the results of these processes are used to evaluate and continually improve the occupational health and safety management system. b. A description of the processes for workers to report work- related hazards and hazardous situations, and an explanation of how workers are protected against reprisals. c. A description of the policies and processes for workers to remove themselves from work situations that they believe could cause injury or ill health, and an explanation of how workers are protected against reprisals. d. A description of the processes used to investigate work- related incidents, including the processes to identify hazards and assess risks relating to the incidents, to determine corrective actions using the hierarchy of controls, and to determine improvements needed in the occupational health and safety management system. 403-3 Occupational health services a. A description of the occupational health services’ functions that contribute to the identification and elimination of hazards and minimization of risks, and an explanation of how the organization ensures the quality of these services and facilitates workers’ access to them. Occupational Health and Safet y>Initiatives 403-4 Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational health and safety a. A description of the processes for worker participation and consultation in the development, implementation, and evaluation of the occupational health and safety management system, and for providing access to and communicating relevant information on occupational health and safety to workers. b. Where formal joint management–worker health and safety committees exist, a description of their responsibilities, meeting frequency, decision-making authority, and whether and, if so, why any workers are not represented by these committees. Labor-Management Communic ation Occupational Health and Safet y > Management System 403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety a. A description of any occupational health and safety training provided to workers, including generic training as well as training on specific work-related hazards, hazardous activities, or hazardous situations. - 403-6 Promotion of worker health a. An explanation of how the organization facilitates workers’ access to non-occupational medical and healthcare services, and the scope of access provided. b. A description of any voluntary health promotion services and programs offered to workers to address major non-work- related health risks, including the specific health risks addressed, and how the organization facilitates workers’ access to these services and programs. Health Management > Initiativ es 403-7 Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by business relationships a. A description of the organization’s approach to preventing or mitigating significant negative occupational health and safety impacts that are directly linked to its operations, products or services by its business relationships, and the related hazards and risks. 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2018 403-1 Occupational health and safety management system a. A statement of whether an occupational health and safety management system has been implemented, including whether: i. the system has been implemented because of legal requirements and, if so, a list of the requirements; ii. the system has been implemented based on recognized risk management and/or management system standards/guidelines and, if so, a list of the standards/guidelines. b. A description of the scope of workers, activities, and workplaces covered by the occupational health and safety management system, and an explanation of whether and, if so, why any workers, activities, or workplaces are not covered. Occupational Health and Safet y > Our Approach/Managemen t System 232 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the CEO Sustainability | GGRRII CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx//
TTCCFFDD CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx | SUBARU C
Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Item
Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
Number
[TABLE] 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2018
a. A statement of whether an occupational health and safety
management system has been implemented, including
whether:
i.the system has been implemented because of legal
requirements and, if so, a list of the requirements;
Occupational health and Occupational Health and Safet
ii. the system has been implemented based on recognized risk
403-1 safety management y > Our Approach/Managemen
management and/or management system standards/guidelines
system t System
and, if so, a list of the standards/guidelines.
b. A description of the scope of workers, activities, and
workplaces covered by the occupational health and safety
management system, and an explanation of whether and, if so,
why any workers, activities, or workplaces are not covered.
a. A description of the processes used to identify work-related
hazards and assess risks on a routine and non-routine basis,
and to apply the hierarchy of controls in order to eliminate
hazards and minimize risks, including:
i. how the organization ensures the quality of these processes,
including the competency of persons who carry them out;
ii. how the results of these processes are used to evaluate and
continually improve the occupational health and safety
management system.
b. A description of the processes for workers to report work-
Hazard identification,
related hazards and hazardous situations, and an explanation
403-2 risk assessment, and
of how workers are protected against reprisals.
incident investigation
c. A description of the policies and processes for workers to
remove themselves from work situations that they believe
could cause injury or ill health, and an explanation of how
workers are protected against reprisals.
d. A description of the processes used to investigate work-
related incidents, including the processes to identify hazards
and assess risks relating to the incidents, to determine
corrective actions using the hierarchy of controls, and to
determine improvements needed in the occupational health
and safety management system.
a. A description of the occupational health services’ functions
that contribute to the identification and elimination of hazards
Occupational health Occupational Health and Safet
403-3 and minimization of risks, and an explanation of how the
services y>Initiatives
organization ensures the quality of these services and
facilitates workers’ access to them.
a. A description of the processes for worker participation and
consultation in the development, implementation, and
evaluation of the occupational health and safety management
Worker participation, system, and for providing access to and communicating Labor-Management Communic
consultation, and relevant information on occupational health and safety to ation
403-4 communication on workers.
Occupational Health and Safet
occupational health and b. Where formal joint management–worker health and safety
y > Management System
safety committees exist, a description of their responsibilities,
meeting frequency, decision-making authority, and whether
and, if so, why any workers are not represented by these
committees.
a. A description of any occupational health and safety training
Worker training on
provided to workers, including generic training as well as
403-5 occupational health and -
training on specific work-related hazards, hazardous activities,
safety
or hazardous situations.
a. An explanation of how the organization facilitates workers’
access to non-occupational medical and healthcare services,
and the scope of access provided.
Promotion of worker b.A description of any voluntary health promotion services and Health Management > Initiativ
403-6
health programs offered to workers to address major non-work- es
related health risks, including the specific health risks
addressed, and how the organization facilitates workers’ access
to these services and programs.
Prevention and
a. A description of the organization’s approach to preventing or
mitigation of
mitigating significant negative occupational health and safety
occupational health and
403-7 impacts that are directly linked to its operations, products or
safety impacts directly
services by its business relationships, and the related hazards
linked by business
and risks.
relationships
232
[TABLE] Item
Number | Disclosure | Reporting Requirements | Corresponding Sections
[TABLE] 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2018
[TABLE] 403-1 | Occupational health and
safety management
system | a. A statement of whether an occupational health and safety
management system has been implemented, including
whether:
i.the system has been implemented because of legal
requirements and, if so, a list of the requirements;
ii. the system has been implemented based on recognized risk
management and/or management system standards/guidelines
and, if so, a list of the standards/guidelines.
b. A description of the scope of workers, activities, and
workplaces covered by the occupational health and safety
management system, and an explanation of whether and, if so,
why any workers, activities, or workplaces are not covered. | Occupational Health and Safet
y > Our Approach/Managemen
t System
[TABLE] 403-2 | Hazard identification,
risk assessment, and
incident investigation | a. A description of the processes used to identify work-related
hazards and assess risks on a routine and non-routine basis,
and to apply the hierarchy of controls in order to eliminate
hazards and minimize risks, including:
i. how the organization ensures the quality of these processes,
including the competency of persons who carry them out;
ii. how the results of these processes are used to evaluate and
continually improve the occupational health and safety
management system.
b. A description of the processes for workers to report work-
related hazards and hazardous situations, and an explanation
of how workers are protected against reprisals.
c. A description of the policies and processes for workers to
remove themselves from work situations that they believe
could cause injury or ill health, and an explanation of how
workers are protected against reprisals.
d. A description of the processes used to investigate work-
related incidents, including the processes to identify hazards
and assess risks relating to the incidents, to determine
corrective actions using the hierarchy of controls, and to
determine improvements needed in the occupational health
and safety management system.
[TABLE] 403-3 | Occupational health
services | a. A description of the occupational health services’ functions
that contribute to the identification and elimination of hazards
and minimization of risks, and an explanation of how the
organization ensures the quality of these services and
facilitates workers’ access to them. | Occupational Health and Safet
y>Initiatives
[TABLE] 403-4 | Worker participation,
consultation, and
communication on
occupational health and
safety | a. A description of the processes for worker participation and
consultation in the development, implementation, and
evaluation of the occupational health and safety management
system, and for providing access to and communicating
relevant information on occupational health and safety to
workers.
b. Where formal joint management–worker health and safety
committees exist, a description of their responsibilities,
meeting frequency, decision-making authority, and whether
and, if so, why any workers are not represented by these
committees. | Labor-Management Communic
ation
Occupational Health and Safet
y > Management System
[TABLE] 403-5 | Worker training on
occupational health and
safety | a. A description of any occupational health and safety training
provided to workers, including generic training as well as
training on specific work-related hazards, hazardous activities,
or hazardous situations. | -
[TABLE] 403-6 | Promotion of worker
health | a. An explanation of how the organization facilitates workers’
access to non-occupational medical and healthcare services,
and the scope of access provided.
b.A description of any voluntary health promotion services and
programs offered to workers to address major non-work-
related health risks, including the specific health risks
addressed, and how the organization facilitates workers’ access
to these services and programs. | Health Management > Initiativ
es
[TABLE] 403-7 | Prevention and
mitigation of
occupational health and
safety impacts directly
linked by business
relationships | a. A description of the organization’s approach to preventing or
mitigating significant negative occupational health and safety
impacts that are directly linked to its operations, products or
services by its business relationships, and the related hazards
and risks.

[PAGE 233]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections 403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system a. If the organization has implemented an occupational health and safety management system based on legal requirements and/or recognized standards/guidelines: i. the number and percentage of all employees and workers who are not employees but whose work and/or workplace is controlled by the organization, who are covered by such a system; ii. the number and percentage of all employees and workers who are not employees but whose work and/or workplace is controlled by the organization, who are covered by such a system that has been internally audited; iii. the number and percentage of all employees and workers who are not employees but whose work and/or workplace is controlled by the organization, who are covered by such a system that has been audited or certified by an external party. b. Whether and, if so, why any workers have been excluded from this disclosure, including the types of worker excluded. c. Any contextual information necessary to understand how the data have been compiled, such as any standards, methodologies, and assumptions used. Occupational Health and Safet y > Management System 403-9 Work-related injuries a. For all employees: i. The number and rate of fatalities as a result of work-related injury; ii. The number and rate of high-consequence work-related injuries (excluding fatalities); iii. The number and rate of recordable work-related injuries; iv. The main types of work-related injury; v. The number of hours worked. b. For all workers who are not employees but whose work and/or workplace is controlled by the organization: i. The number and rate of fatalities as a result of work-related injury; ii. The number and rate of high-consequence work-related injuries (excluding fatalities); iii. The number and rate of recordable work-related injuries; iv. The main types of work-related injury; v. The number of hours worked. c. The work-related hazards that pose a risk of high- consequence injury, including: i. how these hazards have been determined; ii. which of these hazards have caused or contributed to high- consequence injuries during the reporting period; iii. actions taken or underway to eliminate these hazards and minimize risks using the hierarchy of controls. d. Any actions taken or underway to eliminate other work- related hazards and minimize risks using the hierarchy of controls. e. Whether the rates have been calculated based on 200,000 or 1,000,000 hours worked. f. Whether and, if so, why any workers have been excluded from this disclosure, including the types of worker excluded. g. Any contextual information necessary to understand how the data have been compiled, such as any standards, methodologies, and assumptions used. Occurrence of Work Related Ac cidents and Accident Frequenc y Rate 403-10 Work-related ill health a. For all employees: i. The number of fatalities as a result of work-related ill health; ii. The number of cases of recordable work-related ill health; iii. The main types of work-related ill health. b. For all workers who are not employees but whose work and/or workplace is controlled by the organization: i. The number of fatalities as a result of work-related ill health; ii. The number of cases of recordable work-related ill health; iii. The main types of work-related ill health. c. The work-related hazards that pose a risk of ill health, including: i. how these hazards have been determined; ii. which of these hazards have caused or contributed to cases of ill health during the reporting period; iii. actions taken or underway to eliminate these hazards and minimize risks using the hierarchy of controls. d. Whether and, if so, why any workers have been excluded from this disclosure, including the types of worker excluded. e. Any contextual information necessary to understand how the data have been compiled, such as any standards, methodologies, and assumptions used. - 233 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the CEO Sustainability | GGRRII CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx//
TTCCFFDD CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx | SUBARU C
Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Item
Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
Number
[TABLE] a. If the organization has implemented an occupational health
and safety management system based on legal requirements
and/or recognized standards/guidelines:
i. the number and percentage of all employees and workers
who are not employees but whose work and/or workplace is
controlled by the organization, who are covered by such a
system;
ii.the number and percentage of all employees and workers
Workers covered by an who are not employees but whose work and/or workplace is
occupational health and controlled by the organization, who are covered by such a Occupational Health and Safet
403-8
safety management system that has been internally audited; y > Management System
system iii. the number and percentage of all employees and workers
who are not employees but whose work and/or workplace is
controlled by the organization, who are covered by such a
system that has been audited or certified by an external party.
b. Whether and, if so, why any workers have been excluded
from this disclosure, including the types of worker excluded.
c. Any contextual information necessary to understand how the
data have been compiled, such as any standards,
methodologies, and assumptions used.
a.For all employees:
i. The number and rate of fatalities as a result of work-related
injury;
ii. The number and rate of high-consequence work-related
injuries (excluding fatalities);
iii.The number and rate of recordable work-related injuries;
iv.The main types of work-related injury;
v.The number of hours worked.
b. For all workers who are not employees but whose work
and/or workplace is controlled by the organization:
i. The number and rate of fatalities as a result of work-related
injury;
ii. The number and rate of high-consequence work-related
injuries (excluding fatalities);
iii.The number and rate of recordable work-related injuries;
iv.The main types of work-related injury;
Occurrence of Work Related Ac
v.The number of hours worked.
403-9 Work-related injuries cidents and Accident Frequenc
c. The work-related hazards that pose a risk of high-
y Rate
consequence injury, including:
i.how these hazards have been determined;
ii. which of these hazards have caused or contributed to high-
consequence injuries during the reporting period;
iii. actions taken or underway to eliminate these hazards and
minimize risks using the hierarchy of controls.
d. Any actions taken or underway to eliminate other work-
related hazards and minimize risks using the hierarchy of
controls.
e. Whether the rates have been calculated based on 200,000 or
1,000,000 hours worked.
f. Whether and, if so, why any workers have been excluded
from this disclosure, including the types of worker excluded.
g. Any contextual information necessary to understand how the
data have been compiled, such as any standards,
methodologies, and assumptions used.
a.For all employees:
i.The number of fatalities as a result of work-related ill health;
ii.The number of cases of recordable work-related ill health;
iii.The main types of work-related ill health.
b. For all workers who are not employees but whose work
and/or workplace is controlled by the organization:
i.The number of fatalities as a result of work-related ill health;
ii.The number of cases of recordable work-related ill health;
iii.The main types of work-related ill health.
c. The work-related hazards that pose a risk of ill health,
403-10 Work-related ill health including: -
i.how these hazards have been determined;
ii. which of these hazards have caused or contributed to cases
of ill health during the reporting period;
iii. actions taken or underway to eliminate these hazards and
minimize risks using the hierarchy of controls.
d. Whether and, if so, why any workers have been excluded
from this disclosure, including the types of worker excluded.
e. Any contextual information necessary to understand how the
data have been compiled, such as any standards,
methodologies, and assumptions used.
233
[TABLE] Item
Number | Disclosure | Reporting Requirements | Corresponding Sections
[TABLE] 403-8 | Workers covered by an
occupational health and
safety management
system | a. If the organization has implemented an occupational health
and safety management system based on legal requirements
and/or recognized standards/guidelines:
i. the number and percentage of all employees and workers
who are not employees but whose work and/or workplace is
controlled by the organization, who are covered by such a
system;
ii.the number and percentage of all employees and workers
who are not employees but whose work and/or workplace is
controlled by the organization, who are covered by such a
system that has been internally audited;
iii. the number and percentage of all employees and workers
who are not employees but whose work and/or workplace is
controlled by the organization, who are covered by such a
system that has been audited or certified by an external party.
b. Whether and, if so, why any workers have been excluded
from this disclosure, including the types of worker excluded.
c. Any contextual information necessary to understand how the
data have been compiled, such as any standards,
methodologies, and assumptions used. | Occupational Health and Safet
y > Management System
[TABLE] 403-9 | Work-related injuries | a.For all employees:
i. The number and rate of fatalities as a result of work-related
injury;
ii. The number and rate of high-consequence work-related
injuries (excluding fatalities);
iii.The number and rate of recordable work-related injuries;
iv.The main types of work-related injury;
v.The number of hours worked.
b. For all workers who are not employees but whose work
and/or workplace is controlled by the organization:
i. The number and rate of fatalities as a result of work-related
injury;
ii. The number and rate of high-consequence work-related
injuries (excluding fatalities);
iii.The number and rate of recordable work-related injuries;
iv.The main types of work-related injury;
v.The number of hours worked.
c. The work-related hazards that pose a risk of high-
consequence injury, including:
i.how these hazards have been determined;
ii. which of these hazards have caused or contributed to high-
consequence injuries during the reporting period;
iii. actions taken or underway to eliminate these hazards and
minimize risks using the hierarchy of controls.
d. Any actions taken or underway to eliminate other work-
related hazards and minimize risks using the hierarchy of
controls.
e. Whether the rates have been calculated based on 200,000 or
1,000,000 hours worked.
f. Whether and, if so, why any workers have been excluded
from this disclosure, including the types of worker excluded.
g. Any contextual information necessary to understand how the
data have been compiled, such as any standards,
methodologies, and assumptions used. | Occurrence of Work Related Ac
cidents and Accident Frequenc
y Rate
[TABLE] 403-10 | Work-related ill health | a.For all employees:
i.The number of fatalities as a result of work-related ill health;
ii.The number of cases of recordable work-related ill health;
iii.The main types of work-related ill health.
b. For all workers who are not employees but whose work
and/or workplace is controlled by the organization:
i.The number of fatalities as a result of work-related ill health;
ii.The number of cases of recordable work-related ill health;
iii.The main types of work-related ill health.
c. The work-related hazards that pose a risk of ill health,
including:
i.how these hazards have been determined;
ii. which of these hazards have caused or contributed to cases
of ill health during the reporting period;
iii. actions taken or underway to eliminate these hazards and
minimize risks using the hierarchy of controls.
d. Whether and, if so, why any workers have been excluded
from this disclosure, including the types of worker excluded.
e. Any contextual information necessary to understand how the
data have been compiled, such as any standards,
methodologies, and assumptions used. | -

[PAGE 234]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections 404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee a. Average hours of training that the organization’s employees have undertaken during the reporting period, by: i. gender; ii. employee category. - 404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs a. Type and scope of programs implemented and assistance provided to upgrade employee skills. b. Transition assistance programs provided to facilitate continued employability and the management of career endings resulting from retirement or termination of employment. Training Programs 404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews a. Percentage of total employees by gender and by employee category who received a regular performance and career development review during the reporting period. Regular Reviews and Career D evelopment 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016 405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees a. Percentage of individuals within the organization’s governance bodies in each of the following diversity categories: i. Gender; ii. Age group: under 30 years old, 30-50 years old, over 50 years old; iii. Other indicators of diversity where relevant (such as minority or vulnerable groups). b. Percentage of employees per employee category in each of the following diversity categories: i. Gender; ii. Age group: under 30 years old, 30-50 years old, over 50 years old; iii. Other indicators of diversity where relevant (such as minority or vulnerable groups). Directors of the Board / Execut ive Officers Employee Data 405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men a. Ratio of the basic salary and remuneration of women to men for each employee category, by significant locations of operation. b. The definition used for ‘significant locations of operation’. Training and Education 406: Non-discrimination 2016 406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken a. Total number of incidents of discrimination during the reporting period. b. Status of the incidents and actions taken with reference to the following: i. Incident reviewed by the organization; ii. Remediation plans being implemented; iii. Remediation plans that have been implemented, with results reviewed through routine internal management review processes; iv. Incident no longer subject to action. - 407: Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining 2016 407-1 Operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom of association and collective bargaining may be at risk a. Operations and suppliers in which workers’ rights to exercise freedom of association or collective bargaining may be violated or at significant risk either in terms of: i. type of operation (such as manufacturing plant) and supplier; ii. countries or geographic areas with operations and suppliers considered at risk. b. Measures taken by the organization in the reporting period intended to support rights to exercise freedom of association and collective bargaining. - 404:Training and Education 2016 234 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the CEO Sustainability | GGRRII CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx//
TTCCFFDD CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx | SUBARU C
Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Item
Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
Number
[TABLE] 404:Training and Education 2016
a. Average hours of training that the organization’s employees
Average hours of
have undertaken during the reporting period, by:
404-1 training per year per -
i.gender;
employee
ii.employee category.
a. Type and scope of programs implemented and assistance
Programs for upgrading provided to upgrade employee skills.
employee skills and b.Transition assistance programs provided to facilitate
404-2 Training Programs
transition assistance continued employability and the management of career
programs endings resulting from retirement or termination of
employment.
Percentage of
employees receiving a. Percentage of total employees by gender and by employee
Regular Reviews and Career D
404-3 regular performance and category who received a regular performance and career
evelopment
career development development review during the reporting period.
reviews
405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016
a. Percentage of individuals within the organization’s
governance bodies in each of the following diversity
categories:
i.Gender;
ii. Age group: under 30 years old, 30-50 years old, over 50
years old;
iii.Other indicators of diversity where relevant (such as Directors of the Board / Execut
405-1 Diversity of governance minority or vulnerable groups). ive Officers
bodies and employees
b. Percentage of employees per employee category in each of Employee Data
the following diversity categories:
i.Gender;
ii. Age group: under 30 years old, 30-50 years old, over 50
years old;
iii. Other indicators of diversity where relevant (such as
minority or vulnerable groups).
a. Ratio of the basic salary and remuneration of women to men
Ratio of basic salary and
for each employee category, by significant locations of
405-2 remuneration of women Training and Education
operation.
to men
b.The definition used for ‘significant locations of operation’.
406: Non-discrimination 2016
a. Total number of incidents of discrimination during the
reporting period.
b.Status of the incidents and actions taken with reference to
the following:
Incidents of
i.Incident reviewed by the organization;
406-1 discrimination and -
ii.Remediation plans being implemented;
corrective actions taken
iii. Remediation plans that have been implemented, with
results reviewed through routine internal management review
processes;
iv.Incident no longer subject to action.
407: Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining 2016
a. Operations and suppliers in which workers’ rights to exercise
freedom of association or collective bargaining may be violated
Operations and
or at significant risk either in terms of:
suppliers in which the
i.type of operation (such as manufacturing plant) and supplier;
right to freedom of
407-1 ii. countries or geographic areas with operations and suppliers -
association and
considered at risk.
collective bargaining
b. Measures taken by the organization in the reporting period
may be at risk
intended to support rights to exercise freedom of association
and collective bargaining.
234
[TABLE] Item
Number | Disclosure | Reporting Requirements | Corresponding Sections
[TABLE] 404:Training and Education 2016
[TABLE] 404-1 | Average hours of
training per year per
employee | a. Average hours of training that the organization’s employees
have undertaken during the reporting period, by:
i.gender;
ii.employee category. | -
[TABLE] 404-2 | Programs for upgrading
employee skills and
transition assistance
programs | a. Type and scope of programs implemented and assistance
provided to upgrade employee skills.
b.Transition assistance programs provided to facilitate
continued employability and the management of career
endings resulting from retirement or termination of
employment. | Training Programs
[TABLE] 404-3 | Percentage of
employees receiving
regular performance and
career development
reviews | a. Percentage of total employees by gender and by employee
category who received a regular performance and career
development review during the reporting period. | Regular Reviews and Career D
evelopment
[TABLE] 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016
[TABLE] 405-1 | Diversity of governance
bodies and employees | a. Percentage of individuals within the organization’s
governance bodies in each of the following diversity
categories:
i.Gender;
ii. Age group: under 30 years old, 30-50 years old, over 50
years old;
iii.Other indicators of diversity where relevant (such as
minority or vulnerable groups).
b. Percentage of employees per employee category in each of
the following diversity categories:
i.Gender;
ii. Age group: under 30 years old, 30-50 years old, over 50
years old;
iii. Other indicators of diversity where relevant (such as
minority or vulnerable groups). | Directors of the Board / Execut
ive Officers
Employee Data
[TABLE] 405-2 | Ratio of basic salary and
remuneration of women
to men | a. Ratio of the basic salary and remuneration of women to men
for each employee category, by significant locations of
operation.
b.The definition used for ‘significant locations of operation’. | Training and Education
[TABLE] 406: Non-discrimination 2016
[TABLE] 406-1 | Incidents of
discrimination and
corrective actions taken | a. Total number of incidents of discrimination during the
reporting period.
b.Status of the incidents and actions taken with reference to
the following:
i.Incident reviewed by the organization;
ii.Remediation plans being implemented;
iii. Remediation plans that have been implemented, with
results reviewed through routine internal management review
processes;
iv.Incident no longer subject to action. | -
[TABLE] 407: Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining 2016
[TABLE] 407-1 | Operations and
suppliers in which the
right to freedom of
association and
collective bargaining
may be at risk | a. Operations and suppliers in which workers’ rights to exercise
freedom of association or collective bargaining may be violated
or at significant risk either in terms of:
i.type of operation (such as manufacturing plant) and supplier;
ii. countries or geographic areas with operations and suppliers
considered at risk.
b. Measures taken by the organization in the reporting period
intended to support rights to exercise freedom of association
and collective bargaining. | -

[PAGE 235]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections 408-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of child labor a. Operations and suppliers considered to have significant risk for incidents of: i. child labor; ii. young workers exposed to hazardous work. b. Operations and suppliers considered to have significant risk for incidents of child labor either in terms of: i. type of operation (such as manufacturing plant) and supplier; ii. countries or geographic areas with operations and suppliers considered at risk. c. Measures taken by the organization in the reporting period intended to contribute to the effective abolition of child labor. N/A 409: Forced or Compulsory Labor 2016 409-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of forced or compulsory labor a. Operations and suppliers considered to have significant risk for incidents of forced or compulsory labor either in terms of: i. type of operation (such as manufacturing plant) and supplier; ii. countries or geographic areas with operations and suppliers considered at risk. b. Measures taken by the organization in the reporting period intended to contribute to the elimination of all forms of forced or compulsory labor. N/A 410: Security Practices 2016 410-1 Security personnel trained in human rights policies or procedures a. Percentage of security personnel who have received formal training in the organization’s human rights policies or specific procedures and their application to security. b. Whether training requirements also apply to third-party organizations providing security personnel. - 411: Rights of Indigenous Peoples 2016 411-1 Incidents of violations involving rights of indigenous peoples a. Total number of identified incidents of violations involving the rights of indigenous peoples during the reporting period. b. Status of the incidents and actions taken with reference to the following: i. Incident reviewed by the organization; ii. Remediation plans being implemented; iii. Remediation plans that have been implemented, with results reviewed through routine internal management review processes; iv. Incident no longer subject to action. N/A 412: Human Rights Assessment 2016 412-1 Operations that have been subject to human rights reviews or impact assessments a. Total number and percentage of operations that have been subject to human rights reviews or human rights impact assessments, by country. - 412-2 Employee training on human rights policies or procedures a. Total number of hours in the reporting period devoted to training on human rights policies or procedures concerning aspects of human rights that are relevant to operations. b. Percentage of employees trained during the reporting period in human rights policies or procedures concerning aspects of human rights that are relevant to operations. Respect for Human Rights > M anagement System 412-3 Significant investment agreements and contracts that include human rights clauses or that underwent human rights screening a. Total number and percentage of significant investment agreements and contracts that include human rights clauses or that underwent human rights screening. b. The definition used for ‘significant investment agreements’. - 408: Child Labor 2016 235 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the CEO Sustainability | GGRRII CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx//
TTCCFFDD CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx | SUBARU C
Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Item
Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
Number
[TABLE] 408: Child Labor 2016
a. Operations and suppliers considered to have significant risk
for incidents of:
i.child labor;
ii.young workers exposed to hazardous work.
Operations and
b. Operations and suppliers considered to have significant risk
suppliers at significant
408-1 for incidents of child labor either in terms of: N/A
risk for incidents of child
i.type of operation (such as manufacturing plant) and supplier;
labor
ii. countries or geographic areas with operations and suppliers
considered at risk.
c. Measures taken by the organization in the reporting period
intended to contribute to the effective abolition of child labor.
409: Forced or Compulsory Labor 2016
a. Operations and suppliers considered to have significant risk
for incidents of forced or compulsory labor either in terms of:
Operations and
i.type of operation (such as manufacturing plant) and supplier;
suppliers at significant
ii. countries or geographic areas with operations and suppliers
409-1 risk for incidents of N/A
considered at risk.
forced or compulsory
b. Measures taken by the organization in the reporting period
labor
intended to contribute to the elimination of all forms of forced
or compulsory labor.
410: Security Practices 2016
a. Percentage of security personnel who have received formal
Security personnel training in the organization’s human rights policies or specific
410-1 trained in human rights procedures and their application to security. -
policies or procedures b. Whether training requirements also apply to third-party
organizations providing security personnel.
411: Rights of Indigenous Peoples 2016
a. Total number of identified incidents of violations involving
the rights of indigenous peoples during the reporting period.
b.Status of the incidents and actions taken with reference to
the following:
Incidents of violations
i.Incident reviewed by the organization;
411-1 involving rights of N/A
ii.Remediation plans being implemented;
indigenous peoples
iii. Remediation plans that have been implemented, with
results reviewed through routine internal management review
processes;
iv.Incident no longer subject to action.
412: Human Rights Assessment 2016
Operations that have
a. Total number and percentage of operations that have been
been subject to human
412-1 subject to human rights reviews or human rights impact -
rights reviews or impact
assessments, by country.
assessments
a. Total number of hours in the reporting period devoted to
training on human rights policies or procedures concerning
Employee training on
aspects of human rights that are relevant to operations. Respect for Human Rights > M
412-2 human rights policies or
b. Percentage of employees trained during the reporting anagement System
procedures
period in human rights policies or procedures concerning
aspects of human rights that are relevant to operations.
Significant investment
agreements and a. Total number and percentage of significant investment
contracts that include agreements and contracts that include human rights clauses or
412-3 -
human rights clauses or that underwent human rights screening.
that underwent human b.The definition used for ‘significant investment agreements’.
rights screening
235
[TABLE] Item
Number | Disclosure | Reporting Requirements | Corresponding Sections
[TABLE] 408: Child Labor 2016
[TABLE] 408-1 | Operations and
suppliers at significant
risk for incidents of child
labor | a. Operations and suppliers considered to have significant risk
for incidents of:
i.child labor;
ii.young workers exposed to hazardous work.
b. Operations and suppliers considered to have significant risk
for incidents of child labor either in terms of:
i.type of operation (such as manufacturing plant) and supplier;
ii. countries or geographic areas with operations and suppliers
considered at risk.
c. Measures taken by the organization in the reporting period
intended to contribute to the effective abolition of child labor. | N/A
[TABLE] 409: Forced or Compulsory Labor 2016
[TABLE] 409-1 | Operations and
suppliers at significant
risk for incidents of
forced or compulsory
labor | a. Operations and suppliers considered to have significant risk
for incidents of forced or compulsory labor either in terms of:
i.type of operation (such as manufacturing plant) and supplier;
ii. countries or geographic areas with operations and suppliers
considered at risk.
b. Measures taken by the organization in the reporting period
intended to contribute to the elimination of all forms of forced
or compulsory labor. | N/A
[TABLE] 410: Security Practices 2016
[TABLE] 410-1 | Security personnel
trained in human rights
policies or procedures | a. Percentage of security personnel who have received formal
training in the organization’s human rights policies or specific
procedures and their application to security.
b. Whether training requirements also apply to third-party
organizations providing security personnel. | -
[TABLE] 411: Rights of Indigenous Peoples 2016
[TABLE] 411-1 | Incidents of violations
involving rights of
indigenous peoples | a. Total number of identified incidents of violations involving
the rights of indigenous peoples during the reporting period.
b.Status of the incidents and actions taken with reference to
the following:
i.Incident reviewed by the organization;
ii.Remediation plans being implemented;
iii. Remediation plans that have been implemented, with
results reviewed through routine internal management review
processes;
iv.Incident no longer subject to action. | N/A
[TABLE] 412: Human Rights Assessment 2016
[TABLE] 412-1 | Operations that have
been subject to human
rights reviews or impact
assessments | a. Total number and percentage of operations that have been
subject to human rights reviews or human rights impact
assessments, by country. | -
[TABLE] 412-2 | Employee training on
human rights policies or
procedures | a. Total number of hours in the reporting period devoted to
training on human rights policies or procedures concerning
aspects of human rights that are relevant to operations.
b. Percentage of employees trained during the reporting
period in human rights policies or procedures concerning
aspects of human rights that are relevant to operations. | Respect for Human Rights > M
anagement System
[TABLE] 412-3 | Significant investment
agreements and
contracts that include
human rights clauses or
that underwent human
rights screening | a. Total number and percentage of significant investment
agreements and contracts that include human rights clauses or
that underwent human rights screening.
b.The definition used for ‘significant investment agreements’. | -

[PAGE 236]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections 413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programs a. Percentage of operations with implemented local community engagement, impact assessments, and/or development programs, including the use of: i. social impact assessments, including gender impact assessments, based on participatory processes; ii. environmental impact assessments and ongoing monitoring; iii. public disclosure of results of environmental and social impact assessments; iv. local community development programs based on local communities’ needs; v. stakeholder engagement plans based on stakeholder mapping; vi. broad based local community consultation committees and processes that include vulnerable groups; vii. works councils, occupational health and safety committees and other worker representation bodies to deal with impacts; viii. formal local community grievance processes. TOPICS of the SUBARU Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR > Diversity 413-2 Operations with significant actual and potential negative impacts on local communities a. Operations with significant actual and potential negative impacts on local communities, including: i. the location of the operations; ii. the significant actual and potential negative impacts of operations. - 414: Supplier Social Assessment 2016 414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria a. Percentage of new suppliers that were screened using social criteria. SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelin es 414-2 Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken a. Number of suppliers assessed for social impacts. b. Number of suppliers identified as having significant actual and potential negative social impacts. c. Significant actual and potential negative social impacts identified in the supply chain. d. Percentage of suppliers identified as having significant actual and potential negative social impacts with which improvements were agreed upon as a result of assessment. e. Percentage of suppliers identified as having significant actual and potential negative social impacts with which relationships were terminated as a result of assessment, and why. 415: Public Policy 2016 415-1 Political contributions a. Total monetary value of financial and in-kind political contributions made directly and indirectly by the organization by country and recipient/beneficiary. b. If applicable, how the monetary value of in-kind contributions was estimated. - 416: Customer Health and Safety 2016 416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categories a. Percentage of significant product and service categories for which health and safety impacts are assessed for improvement. Making Safe Vehicles > Initiati ves 416-2 Incidents of non- compliance concerning the health and safety impacts of products and services a. Total number of incidents of non-compliance with regulations and/or voluntary codes concerning the health and safety impacts of products and services within the reporting period, by: i. incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a fine or penalty; ii. incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a warning; iii. incidents of non-compliance with voluntary codes. b. If the organization has not identified any non-compliance with regulations and/or voluntary codes, a brief statement of this fact is sufficient. N/A 413: Local Communities 2016 236 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the CEO Sustainability | GGRRII CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx//
TTCCFFDD CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx | SUBARU C
Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Item
Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
Number
[TABLE] 413: Local Communities 2016
a. Percentage of operations with implemented local community
engagement, impact assessments, and/or development
programs, including the use of:
i. social impact assessments, including gender impact
assessments, based on participatory processes;
ii.environmental impact assessments and ongoing monitoring;
iii. public disclosure of results of environmental and social
Operations with local
impact assessments; TOPICS of the SUBARU Group’s
community engagement,
413-1 iv. local community development programs based on local Six Priority Areas for CSR >
impact assessments, and
communities’ needs; Diversity
development programs
v. stakeholder engagement plans based on stakeholder
mapping;
vi. broad based local community consultation committees and
processes that include vulnerable groups;
vii. works councils, occupational health and safety committees
and other worker representation bodies to deal with impacts;
viii.formal local community grievance processes.
Operations with a. Operations with significant actual and potential negative
significant actual and impacts on local communities, including:
413-2 potential negative i.the location of the operations; -
impacts on local ii. the significant actual and potential negative impacts of
communities operations.
414: Supplier Social Assessment 2016
New suppliers that were
a. Percentage of new suppliers that were screened using social SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelin
414-1 screened using social
criteria. es
criteria
a.Number of suppliers assessed for social impacts.
b. Number of suppliers identified as having significant actual
and potential negative social impacts.
c.Significant actual and potential negative social impacts
identified in the supply chain.
Negative social impacts
d. Percentage of suppliers identified as having significant
414-2 in the supply chain and
actual and potential negative social impacts with which
actions taken
improvements were agreed upon as a result of assessment.
e. Percentage of suppliers identified as having significant
actual and potential negative social impacts with which
relationships were terminated as a result of assessment, and
why.
415: Public Policy 2016
a. Total monetary value of financial and in-kind political
contributions made directly and indirectly by the organization
415-1 Political contributions by country and recipient/beneficiary. -
b. If applicable, how the monetary value of in-kind
contributions was estimated.
416: Customer Health and Safety 2016
Assessment of the
health and safety a. Percentage of significant product and service categories for Making Safe Vehicles > Initiati
416-1
impacts of product and which health and safety impacts are assessed for improvement. ves
service categories
a. Total number of incidents of non-compliance with
regulations and/or voluntary codes concerning the health and
safety impacts of products and services within the reporting
period, by:
Incidents of non-
i. incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a
compliance concerning
fine or penalty;
416-2 the health and safety N/A
ii.incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a
impacts of products and
warning;
services
iii.incidents of non-compliance with voluntary codes.
b. If the organization has not identified any non-compliance
with regulations and/or voluntary codes, a brief statement of
this fact is sufficient.
236
[TABLE] Item
Number | Disclosure | Reporting Requirements | Corresponding Sections
[TABLE] 413: Local Communities 2016
[TABLE] 413-1 | Operations with local
community engagement,
impact assessments, and
development programs | a. Percentage of operations with implemented local community
engagement, impact assessments, and/or development
programs, including the use of:
i. social impact assessments, including gender impact
assessments, based on participatory processes;
ii.environmental impact assessments and ongoing monitoring;
iii. public disclosure of results of environmental and social
impact assessments;
iv. local community development programs based on local
communities’ needs;
v. stakeholder engagement plans based on stakeholder
mapping;
vi. broad based local community consultation committees and
processes that include vulnerable groups;
vii. works councils, occupational health and safety committees
and other worker representation bodies to deal with impacts;
viii.formal local community grievance processes. | TOPICS of the SUBARU Group’s
Six Priority Areas for CSR >
Diversity
[TABLE] 413-2 | Operations with
significant actual and
potential negative
impacts on local
communities | a. Operations with significant actual and potential negative
impacts on local communities, including:
i.the location of the operations;
ii. the significant actual and potential negative impacts of
operations. | -
[TABLE] 414: Supplier Social Assessment 2016
[TABLE] 414-1 | New suppliers that were
screened using social
criteria | a. Percentage of new suppliers that were screened using social
criteria. | SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelin
es
[TABLE] 414-2 | Negative social impacts
in the supply chain and
actions taken | a.Number of suppliers assessed for social impacts.
b. Number of suppliers identified as having significant actual
and potential negative social impacts.
c.Significant actual and potential negative social impacts
identified in the supply chain.
d. Percentage of suppliers identified as having significant
actual and potential negative social impacts with which
improvements were agreed upon as a result of assessment.
e. Percentage of suppliers identified as having significant
actual and potential negative social impacts with which
relationships were terminated as a result of assessment, and
why.
[TABLE] 415: Public Policy 2016
[TABLE] 415-1 | Political contributions | a. Total monetary value of financial and in-kind political
contributions made directly and indirectly by the organization
by country and recipient/beneficiary.
b. If applicable, how the monetary value of in-kind
contributions was estimated. | -
[TABLE] 416: Customer Health and Safety 2016
[TABLE] 416-1 | Assessment of the
health and safety
impacts of product and
service categories | a. Percentage of significant product and service categories for
which health and safety impacts are assessed for improvement. | Making Safe Vehicles > Initiati
ves
[TABLE] 416-2 | Incidents of non-
compliance concerning
the health and safety
impacts of products and
services | a. Total number of incidents of non-compliance with
regulations and/or voluntary codes concerning the health and
safety impacts of products and services within the reporting
period, by:
i. incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a
fine or penalty;
ii.incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a
warning;
iii.incidents of non-compliance with voluntary codes.
b. If the organization has not identified any non-compliance
with regulations and/or voluntary codes, a brief statement of
this fact is sufficient. | N/A

[PAGE 237]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index Item Number Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections 417-1 Requirements for product and service information and labeling a. Whether each of the following types of information is required by the organization’s procedures for product and service information and labeling: i. The sourcing of components of the product or service; ii. Content, particularly with regard to substances that might produce an environmental or social impact; iii. Safe use of the product or service; iv. Disposal of the product and environmental or social impacts; v. Other (explain). b. Percentage of significant product or service categories covered by and assessed for compliance with such procedures. - 417-2 Incidents of non- compliance concerning product and service information and labeling a. Total number of incidents of non-compliance with regulations and/or voluntary codes concerning product and service information and labeling, by: i. incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a fine or penalty; ii. incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a warning; iii. incidents of non-compliance with voluntary codes. b. If the organization has not identified any non-compliance with regulations and/or voluntary codes, a brief statement of this fact is sufficient. Quality: Automotive Business Quality: Aerospace Business 417-3 Incidents of non- compliance concerning marketing communications a. Total number of incidents of non-compliance with regulations and/or voluntary codes concerning marketing communications, including advertising, promotion, and sponsorship, by: i. incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a fine or penalty; ii. incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a warning; iii. incidents of non-compliance with voluntary codes. b. If the organization has not identified any non-compliance with regulations and/or voluntary codes, a brief statement of this fact is sufficient. N/A 418: Customer Privacy 2016 418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data a. Total number of substantiated complaints received concerning breaches of customer privacy, categorized by: i. complaints received from outside parties and substantiated by the organization; ii. complaints from regulatory bodies. b. Total number of identified leaks, thefts, or losses of customer data. c. If the organization has not identified any substantiated complaints, a brief statement of this fact is sufficient. N/A 419: Socioeconomic Compliance 2016 419-1 Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and economic area a. Significant fines and non-monetary sanctions for non- compliance with laws and/or regulations in the social and economic area in terms of: i. total monetary value of significant fines; ii. total number of non-monetary sanctions; iii. cases brought through dispute resolution mechanisms. b. If the organization has not identified any non-compliance with laws and/or regulations, a brief statement of this fact is sufficient. c. The context against which significant fines and non- monetary sanctions were incurred. N/A 417: Marketing and Labeling 2016 237 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the CEO Sustainability | GGRRII CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx//
TTCCFFDD CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx | SUBARU C
Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Item
Disclosure Reporting Requirements Corresponding Sections
Number
[TABLE] 417: Marketing and Labeling 2016
a. Whether each of the following types of information is
required by the organization’s procedures for product and
service information and labeling:
i.The sourcing of components of the product or service;
ii. Content, particularly with regard to substances that might
Requirements for
produce an environmental or social impact;
417-1 product and service -
iii.Safe use of the product or service;
information and labeling
iv. Disposal of the product and environmental or social
impacts;
v.Other (explain).
b. Percentage of significant product or service categories
covered by and assessed for compliance with such procedures.
a. Total number of incidents of non-compliance with
regulations and/or voluntary codes concerning product and
service information and labeling, by:
i. incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a
Incidents of non-
compliance concerning fine or penalty; Quality: Automotive Business
417-2 ii. incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a
product and service Quality: Aerospace Business
warning;
information and labeling
iii.incidents of non-compliance with voluntary codes.
b. If the organization has not identified any non-compliance
with regulations and/or voluntary codes, a brief statement of
this fact is sufficient.
a. Total number of incidents of non-compliance with
regulations and/or voluntary codes concerning marketing
communications, including advertising, promotion, and
sponsorship, by:
Incidents of non- i. incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a
compliance concerning fine or penalty;
417-3 N/A
marketing ii.incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a
communications warning;
iii.incidents of non-compliance with voluntary codes.
b. If the organization has not identified any non-compliance
with regulations and/or voluntary codes, a brief statement of
this fact is sufficient.
418: Customer Privacy 2016
a. Total number of substantiated complaints received
concerning breaches of customer privacy, categorized by:
Substantiated i. complaints received from outside parties and substantiated
complaints concerning by the organization;
418-1 breaches of customer ii.complaints from regulatory bodies. N/A
privacy and losses of b. Total number of identified leaks, thefts, or losses of
customer data customer data.
c. If the organization has not identified any substantiated
complaints, a brief statement of this fact is sufficient.
419: Socioeconomic Compliance 2016
a. Significant fines and non-monetary sanctions for non-
compliance with laws and/or regulations in the social and
economic area in terms of:
i.total monetary value of significant fines;
Non-compliance with
ii.total number of non-monetary sanctions;
laws and regulations in
419-1 iii.cases brought through dispute resolution mechanisms. N/A
the social and economic
b. If the organization has not identified any non-compliance
area
with laws and/or regulations, a brief statement of this fact is
sufficient.
c. The context against which significant fines and non-
monetary sanctions were incurred.
237 | 417: Marketing and Labeling 2016
a. Whether each of the following types of information is
required by the organization’s procedures for product and
service information and labeling:
i.The sourcing of components of the product or service;
ii. Content, particularly with regard to substances that might
Requirements for
produce an environmental or social impact;
417-1 product and service -
iii.Safe use of the product or service;
information and labeling
iv. Disposal of the product and environmental or social
impacts;
v.Other (explain).
b. Percentage of significant product or service categories
covered by and assessed for compliance with such procedures.
a. Total number of incidents of non-compliance with
regulations and/or voluntary codes concerning product and
service information and labeling, by:
i. incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a
Incidents of non-
compliance concerning fine or penalty; Quality: Automotive Business
417-2 ii. incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a
product and service Quality: Aerospace Business
warning;
information and labeling
iii.incidents of non-compliance with voluntary codes.
b. If the organization has not identified any non-compliance
with regulations and/or voluntary codes, a brief statement of
this fact is sufficient.
a. Total number of incidents of non-compliance with
regulations and/or voluntary codes concerning marketing
communications, including advertising, promotion, and
sponsorship, by:
Incidents of non- i. incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a
compliance concerning fine or penalty;
417-3 N/A
marketing ii.incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a
communications warning;
iii.incidents of non-compliance with voluntary codes.
b. If the organization has not identified any non-compliance
with regulations and/or voluntary codes, a brief statement of
this fact is sufficient.
418: Customer Privacy 2016
a. Total number of substantiated complaints received
concerning breaches of customer privacy, categorized by:
Substantiated i. complaints received from outside parties and substantiated
complaints concerning by the organization;
418-1 breaches of customer ii.complaints from regulatory bodies. N/A
privacy and losses of b. Total number of identified leaks, thefts, or losses of
customer data customer data.
c. If the organization has not identified any substantiated
complaints, a brief statement of this fact is sufficient.
419: Socioeconomic Compliance 2016
a. Significant fines and non-monetary sanctions for non-
compliance with laws and/or regulations in the social and
economic area in terms of:
i.total monetary value of significant fines;
Non-compliance with
ii.total number of non-monetary sanctions;
laws and regulations in
419-1 iii.cases brought through dispute resolution mechanisms. N/A
the social and economic
b. If the organization has not identified any non-compliance
area
with laws and/or regulations, a brief statement of this fact is
sufficient.
c. The context against which significant fines and non-
monetary sanctions were incurred.
[TABLE] Item
Number | Disclosure | Reporting Requirements | Corresponding Sections
[TABLE] 417: Marketing and Labeling 2016
[TABLE] 417-1 | Requirements for
product and service
information and labeling | a. Whether each of the following types of information is
required by the organization’s procedures for product and
service information and labeling:
i.The sourcing of components of the product or service;
ii. Content, particularly with regard to substances that might
produce an environmental or social impact;
iii.Safe use of the product or service;
iv. Disposal of the product and environmental or social
impacts;
v.Other (explain).
b. Percentage of significant product or service categories
covered by and assessed for compliance with such procedures. | -
[TABLE] 417-2 | Incidents of non-
compliance concerning
product and service
information and labeling | a. Total number of incidents of non-compliance with
regulations and/or voluntary codes concerning product and
service information and labeling, by:
i. incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a
fine or penalty;
ii. incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a
warning;
iii.incidents of non-compliance with voluntary codes.
b. If the organization has not identified any non-compliance
with regulations and/or voluntary codes, a brief statement of
this fact is sufficient. | Quality: Automotive Business
Quality: Aerospace Business
[TABLE] 417-3 | Incidents of non-
compliance concerning
marketing
communications | a. Total number of incidents of non-compliance with
regulations and/or voluntary codes concerning marketing
communications, including advertising, promotion, and
sponsorship, by:
i. incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a
fine or penalty;
ii.incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a
warning;
iii.incidents of non-compliance with voluntary codes.
b. If the organization has not identified any non-compliance
with regulations and/or voluntary codes, a brief statement of
this fact is sufficient. | N/A
[TABLE] 418: Customer Privacy 2016
[TABLE] 418-1 | Substantiated
complaints concerning
breaches of customer
privacy and losses of
customer data | a. Total number of substantiated complaints received
concerning breaches of customer privacy, categorized by:
i. complaints received from outside parties and substantiated
by the organization;
ii.complaints from regulatory bodies.
b. Total number of identified leaks, thefts, or losses of
customer data.
c. If the organization has not identified any substantiated
complaints, a brief statement of this fact is sufficient. | N/A
[TABLE] 419: Socioeconomic Compliance 2016
[TABLE] 419-1 | Non-compliance with
laws and regulations in
the social and economic
area | a. Significant fines and non-monetary sanctions for non-
compliance with laws and/or regulations in the social and
economic area in terms of:
i.total monetary value of significant fines;
ii.total number of non-monetary sanctions;
iii.cases brought through dispute resolution mechanisms.
b. If the organization has not identified any non-compliance
with laws and/or regulations, a brief statement of this fact is
sufficient.
c. The context against which significant fines and non-
monetary sanctions were incurred. | N/A

[PAGE 238]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The table below compares the disclosures recommended by the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Information Disclosure (TCFD) with SUBARU’s Sustainability Website, and presents relevant responses to CDP Climate Change 2022. Governance TCFD Disclosure Recommendations Relevant Articles Sustainability Website CDP 2022 a) The Board’s oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities. Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Management System Climate Change Management System CDP C1.1b b) Management’s role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities. Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Management System Climate Change Management System CDP C1.2, C1.2a Strategy TCFD Disclosure Recommendations Relevant Articles Sustainability Website CDP 2022 a) Climate-related risks and opportunities the organization has identified over the short, medium, and long term. Environmental Management Targets and Results Environment Action Plan 2030 and Other Key Environmental Initiatives Climate Change Risks and Opportunities Identified CDP C2.1a, C2.3, C2.3a, C2.4, C2.4a b) Impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization’s businesses and strategy. Environmental Management Targets and Results Environment Action Plan 2030 and Other Key Environmental Initiatives SUBARU Group Material Flow Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term Visions and Milestones) Initiatives Climate Change Risks and Opportunities Identified CDP C2.3a, C2.4a, C3.1, C3.2a, C3.2b, C3.3, C3.4 TCFD Content Index 238 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Contents Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the CEO Sustainability | GGRRII CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx//
TTCCFFDD CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx | SUBARU CORPORATION
Sustainability Website 2022
[TABLE] TCFD Content Index
[TABLE] TCFD Content Index
[TABLE] The table below compares the disclosures recommended by the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Information
Disclosure (TCFD) with SUBARU’s Sustainability Website, and presents relevant responses to CDP Climate Change 2022.
[TABLE] Governance
Relevant Articles
TCFD Disclosure
Recommendations
Sustainability Website CDP 2022
Environmentally Friendly Automobiles
Management System
a)The Board’s oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities. CDP C1.1b
Climate Change
Management System
Environmentally Friendly Automobiles
b) Management’s role in assessing and managing climate-related Management System
CDP C1.2, C1.2a
risks and opportunities. Climate Change
Management System
[TABLE] Strategy
Relevant Articles
TCFD Disclosure
Recommendations
Sustainability Website CDP 2022
Environmental Management
Targets and Results
CDP C2.1a, C2.3,
a) Climate-related risks and opportunities the organization has Environment Action Plan 2030 and Other Key
C2.3a, C2.4,
identified over the short, medium, and long term. Environmental Initiatives
C2.4a
Climate Change
Risks and Opportunities Identified
Environmental Management
Targets and Results
Environment Action Plan 2030 and Other Key
Environmental Initiatives CDP C2.3a,
SUBARU Group Material Flow C2.4a,
b) Impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the
Environmentally Friendly Automobiles C3.1,
organization’s businesses and strategy.
Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term C3.2a, C3.2b, C3.3,
Visions and Milestones) C3.4
Initiatives
Climate Change
Risks and Opportunities Identified
238
[TABLE] TCFD Disclosure
Recommendations | Relevant Articles
[TABLE] Sustainability Website | CDP 2022
[TABLE] a)The Board’s oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities. | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles
Management System
Climate Change
Management System | CDP C1.1b
[TABLE] b) Management’s role in assessing and managing climate-related
risks and opportunities. | Environmentally Friendly Automobiles
Management System
Climate Change
Management System | CDP C1.2, C1.2a
[TABLE] TCFD Disclosure
Recommendations | Relevant Articles
[TABLE] Sustainability Website | CDP 2022
[TABLE] a) Climate-related risks and opportunities the organization has
identified over the short, medium, and long term. | Environmental Management
Targets and Results
Environment Action Plan 2030 and Other Key
Environmental Initiatives
Climate Change
Risks and Opportunities Identified | CDP C2.1a, C2.3,
C2.3a, C2.4,
C2.4a
[TABLE] b) Impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the
organization’s businesses and strategy. | Environmental Management
Targets and Results
Environment Action Plan 2030 and Other Key
Environmental Initiatives
SUBARU Group Material Flow
Environmentally Friendly Automobiles
Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term
Visions and Milestones)
Initiatives
Climate Change
Risks and Opportunities Identified | CDP C2.3a,
C2.4a,
C3.1,
C3.2a, C3.2b, C3.3,
C3.4

[PAGE 239]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index TCFD Disclosure Recommendations Relevant Articles Sustainability Website CDP 2022 c) Resilience of the organization’s strategy, taking into consideration different climate-related scenarios, including a 2°C or lower scenario. Environmental Management Targets and Results Environment Action Plan 2030 and Other Key Environmental Initiatives Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term Vision and Milestones) Strategic reorganization of domestic production Initiatives Climate Change Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term Vision and Milestones) Risk Management CDP C3.2, C3.2a, C3.2b R i sk Management TCFD Disclosure Recommendations Relevant Articles Sustainability Website CDP 2022 a) Describe the organization’s processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks. Risk Management Management System Risks Associated with Business Activities Climate Change Management System Risks and Opportunities Identified Risk Management CDP C2.1, C2.2, C2.2a b) Describe the organization’s processes for managing climate- related risks. Climate Change Management System Risk Management Risk Management Management System CDP C2.1, C2.2 c) Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing climate-related risks are integrated into the organization’s overall risk management. Climate Change Risks and Opportunities Identified Risk Management Water Resources Water Management Risk Management Our Approach Management System Risks Associated with Business Activities Risk Management Initiatives BCP CDP C2.1, C2.2 239 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the CEO Sustainability | GGRRII CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx//
TTCCFFDD CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx | SUBARU C
Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Relevant Articles
TCFD Disclosure
Recommendations
[TABLE] Sustainability Website CDP 2022
Environmental Management
Targets and Results
Environment Action Plan 2030 and Other Key
Environmental Initiatives
Environmentally Friendly Automobiles
Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term
c) Resilience of the organization’s strategy, taking into
Vision and Milestones) CDP C3.2, C3.2a,
consideration different climate-related scenarios, including a 2°C or
Strategic reorganization of domestic C3.2b
lower scenario.
production
Initiatives
Climate Change
Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term
Vision and Milestones)
Risk Management
[TABLE] Risk Management
Relevant Articles
TCFD Disclosure
Recommendations
Sustainability Website CDP 2022
Risk Management
Management System
Risks Associated with Business Activities
a) Describe the organization’s processes for identifying and CDP C2.1, C2.2,
Climate Change
assessing climate-related risks. C2.2a
Management System
Risks and Opportunities Identified
Risk Management
Climate Change
Management System
b) Describe the organization’s processes for managing climate-
Risk Management CDP C2.1, C2.2
related risks.
Risk Management
Management System
Climate Change
Risks and Opportunities Identified
Risk Management
Water Resources
c) Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing Water Management
CDP C2.1,
climate-related risks are integrated into the organization’s overall Risk Management
C2.2
risk management. Our Approach
Management System
Risks Associated with Business Activities
Risk Management Initiatives
BCP
239
[TABLE] TCFD Disclosure
Recommendations | Relevant Articles
[TABLE] Sustainability Website | CDP 2022
[TABLE] c) Resilience of the organization’s strategy, taking into
consideration different climate-related scenarios, including a 2°C or
lower scenario. | Environmental Management
Targets and Results
Environment Action Plan 2030 and Other Key
Environmental Initiatives
Environmentally Friendly Automobiles
Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term
Vision and Milestones)
Strategic reorganization of domestic
production
Initiatives
Climate Change
Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term
Vision and Milestones)
Risk Management | CDP C3.2, C3.2a,
C3.2b
[TABLE] TCFD Disclosure
Recommendations | Relevant Articles
[TABLE] Sustainability Website | CDP 2022
[TABLE] a) Describe the organization’s processes for identifying and
assessing climate-related risks. | Risk Management
Management System
Risks Associated with Business Activities
Climate Change
Management System
Risks and Opportunities Identified
Risk Management | CDP C2.1, C2.2,
C2.2a
[TABLE] b) Describe the organization’s processes for managing climate-
related risks. | Climate Change
Management System
Risk Management
Risk Management
Management System | CDP C2.1, C2.2
[TABLE] c) Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing
climate-related risks are integrated into the organization’s overall
risk management. | Climate Change
Risks and Opportunities Identified
Risk Management
Water Resources
Water Management
Risk Management
Our Approach
Management System
Risks Associated with Business Activities
Risk Management Initiatives
BCP | CDP C2.1,
C2.2

[PAGE 240]
Message on Sustainability from the CEO Environment Social Governance Appendix GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index The SUBARU Group’s Sustainability Contents GRI Content Index/ TCFD Content Index TCFD Disclosure Recommendations Relevant Articles Sustainability Website CDP 2022 a) Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate- related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management process. Environmental Management Targets and Results Environment Action Plan 2030 and Other Key Environmental Initiatives SUBARU Group Material Flow Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term Vision and Milestones) Strategic reorganization of domestic production Life Cycle Assessment Climate Change Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term Visions and Milestones) Achievements CDP C4.2, C9.1 b) Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and the related risks. Environmental Management Targets and Results Environment Action Plan 2030 and Other Key Environmental Initiatives SUBARU Group Material Flow Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term Vision and Milestones) Strategic reorganization of domestic production Life Cycle Assessment Climate Change Risks and Opportunities Identified Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term Visions and Milestones) Achievements CDP C6.1, C6.3, C6.5, C6.5a c) Describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate- related risks and opportunities and performance against targets. Environmental Management Targets and Results Environment Action Plan 2030 and Other Key Environmental Initiatives SUBARU Group Material Flow Environmentally Friendly Automobiles Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term Vision and Milestones) Strategic reorganization of domestic production Life Cycle Assessment Climate Change Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term Visions and Milestones) Achievements CDP C4.1, C4.1a, C4.1b, C4.2 M e t r ic s a n d Ta rg e t s 240 SUBARU CORPORATION Sustainability Website 2022

[TABLE] Contents | Message on Sustainability The SUBARU Group’s
Environment Social Governance Appendix
from the CEO Sustainability | GGRRII CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx//
TTCCFFDD CCoonntteenntt IInnddeexx | SUBARU C
Sustainabilit | ORPORATION
y Website 2022
[TABLE] Metrics and Targets
[TABLE] Relevant Articles
TCFD Disclosure
Recommendations
Sustainability Website CDP 2022
Environmental Management
Targets and Results
Environment Action Plan 2030 and Other Key
Environmental Initiatives
SUBARU Group Material Flow
Environmentally Friendly Automobiles
a) Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate- Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term
related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk Vision and Milestones) CDP C4.2, C9.1
management process. Strategic reorganization of domestic
production
Life Cycle Assessment
Climate Change
Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term
Visions and Milestones)
Achievements
Environmental Management
Targets and Results
Environment Action Plan 2030 and Other Key
Environmental Initiatives
SUBARU Group Material Flow
Environmentally Friendly Automobiles
Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term
b) Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if appropriate, Scope 3 Vision and Milestones) CDP C6.1, C6.3,
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and the related risks. Strategic reorganization of domestic C6.5, C6.5a
production
Life Cycle Assessment
Climate Change
Risks and Opportunities Identified
Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term
Visions and Milestones)
Achievements
Environmental Management
Targets and Results
Environment Action Plan 2030 and Other Key
Environmental Initiatives
SUBARU Group Material Flow
Environmentally Friendly Automobiles
Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term
c) Describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate- CDP C4.1, C4.1a,
Vision and Milestones)
related risks and opportunities and performance against targets. C4.1b, C4.2
Strategic reorganization of domestic
production
Life Cycle Assessment
Climate Change
Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term
Visions and Milestones)
Achievements
240 | Relevant Articles
TCFD Disclosure
Recommendations
Sustainability Website CDP 2022
Environmental Management
Targets and Results
Environment Action Plan 2030 and Other Key
Environmental Initiatives
SUBARU Group Material Flow
Environmentally Friendly Automobiles
a) Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate- Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term
related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk Vision and Milestones) CDP C4.2, C9.1
management process. Strategic reorganization of domestic
production
Life Cycle Assessment
Climate Change
Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term
Visions and Milestones)
Achievements
Environmental Management
Targets and Results
Environment Action Plan 2030 and Other Key
Environmental Initiatives
SUBARU Group Material Flow
Environmentally Friendly Automobiles
Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term
b) Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if appropriate, Scope 3 Vision and Milestones) CDP C6.1, C6.3,
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and the related risks. Strategic reorganization of domestic C6.5, C6.5a
production
Life Cycle Assessment
Climate Change
Risks and Opportunities Identified
Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term
Visions and Milestones)
Achievements
Environmental Management
Targets and Results
Environment Action Plan 2030 and Other Key
Environmental Initiatives
SUBARU Group Material Flow
Environmentally Friendly Automobiles
Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term
c) Describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate- CDP C4.1, C4.1a,
Vision and Milestones)
related risks and opportunities and performance against targets. C4.1b, C4.2
Strategic reorganization of domestic
production
Life Cycle Assessment
Climate Change
Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term
Visions and Milestones)
Achievements
[TABLE] TCFD Disclosure
Recommendations | Relevant Articles
[TABLE] Sustainability Website | CDP 2022
[TABLE] a) Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate-
related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk
management process. | Environmental Management
Targets and Results
Environment Action Plan 2030 and Other Key
Environmental Initiatives
SUBARU Group Material Flow
Environmentally Friendly Automobiles
Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term
Vision and Milestones)
Strategic reorganization of domestic
production
Life Cycle Assessment
Climate Change
Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term
Visions and Milestones)
Achievements | CDP C4.2, C9.1
[TABLE] b) Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if appropriate, Scope 3
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and the related risks. | Environmental Management
Targets and Results
Environment Action Plan 2030 and Other Key
Environmental Initiatives
SUBARU Group Material Flow
Environmentally Friendly Automobiles
Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term
Vision and Milestones)
Strategic reorganization of domestic
production
Life Cycle Assessment
Climate Change
Risks and Opportunities Identified
Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term
Visions and Milestones)
Achievements | CDP C6.1, C6.3,
C6.5, C6.5a
[TABLE] c) Describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate-
related risks and opportunities and performance against targets. | Environmental Management
Targets and Results
Environment Action Plan 2030 and Other Key
Environmental Initiatives
SUBARU Group Material Flow
Environmentally Friendly Automobiles
Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term
Vision and Milestones)
Strategic reorganization of domestic
production
Life Cycle Assessment
Climate Change
Medium- to Long-term Goals (Long-term
Visions and Milestones)
Achievements | CDP C4.1, C4.1a,
C4.1b, C4.2