[PAGE 2]
Pursuing our Goal of “Delivering Happiness to All” INTRODUCTION The SUBARU Group, by no means a large automaker, concentrates its limited management resources in pursuit of the value it provides to its customers, which is “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind.” The customers who support us value SUBARU vehicles like lifestyle partners. Together, we are marching ahead to make society better, inspiring our customers to say that SUBARU is “different.” Our vision of becoming a company “Delivering happiness to all” is something that we have learned from the behavior of our customers, with whom we share deep relationships. We will put these customers who have nurtured the SUBARU brand first, and continue to pursue our goal of delivering happiness to people, society, and even the Earth. Integrated Report 2022 01

[PAGE 3]
Vision, Value statement, Corporate statement Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 02 03 Contents Reporting Period April 1, 2021–March 31, 2022 * Some information provided may be from outside the reporting period. * The departments, titles, etc. of the people introduced in this report are as of the time of writing. Guidelines Referenced Guidance for Integrated Corporate Disclosure and Company-Investor Dialogues for Collaborative Value Creation, Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry The International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) Foundation (formerly the Value Reporting Foundation) On Publication The SUBARU Group wants to achieve our vision of becoming a company “Delivering happiness to all.” By evolving our value statement “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” we seek the sustainable growth of the SUBARU Group and the achievement of an enjoyable and sustainable society. In order for a broad set of stakeholders, including shareholders and investors, to better understand our approach, strengths, and business models that underlie these initiatives, we are working to enhance our integrated disclosure of financial and non-financial information. In this Integrated Report 2022, we have provided even deeper disclosure of our value creation story by introducing specific initiatives and progress in the mid-term management vision “STEP” and the Six Priority Areas for CSR. We will continue to utilize this report as one of our tools for communicating with stakeholders, further enhancing our information disclosure going forward. Disclaimer Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Statements herein regarding plans, strategies, and other information that are not historical facts are assumptions, judgments and forecasts based on information available at the time of creation, and are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from these statements due to changes in economic conditions surrounding the Company and its Group companies, fluctuations in demand and exchange rates, and other factors. Final investment decisions shall be made by investors themselves based on their own judgment and responsibility in light of the above factors. Please note that the parties providing the information in this report regarding the Company and its Group shall not be liable for any loss or damage incurred as a result of investment based on the information contained in this report. Scope of Reporting SUBARU CORPORATION * In this report, the “SUBARU Group” and “the Group” refer to the SUBARU Group; “SUBARU” or “the Company” refers to SUBARU Corporation; “affiliated companies (affiliates)” refers to SUBARU’s subsidiaries in Japan and overseas, including dealerships in the Automotive Business; and “group companies” refers to SUBARU’s subsidiaries in Japan, excluding dealerships in the Automotive Business. Value Creation Story 04 At a Glance 06 Message from the CEO Subaru’s Value Creation Story, Told by the President 12 SUBARU’s History of Value Creation 14 Value Creation Process Commentary on Strategy 16 The SUBARU Group’s Unique Business Model 20 Our Evolving Mid-term Management Vision 22 Mid-term Management Vision “STEP” 22 Overview 24 Six Priority Areas for CSR 26 Progress of Key Initiatives 32 Human Resource Development –from Individual Growth to Organizational Growth 38 Handing Down and Enhancing the SUBARU Difference –Working with the Engineers of Tomorrow 40 SUBARU’s Idea for a Digital Transformation Strategy 44 Message from the CFO –Financial and Capital Strategies– 46 Risk Management Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation 48 Directors, Auditors, and Executive Officers 50 Outside Directors Roundtable 55 Message from the Chairman of the Board of Directors 56 Corporate Governance 68 Compliance Corporate Data 70 Business Overview: Automotive Business Unit 72 SUBARU Core Technologies 73 SUBARU Models through the Years 74 Business Overview: Aerospace Company 76 Consolidated Ten-year Financial Summary 78 Five-year Unit Sales 80 Activities in the Six Priority Areas for CSR in Relation to SDGs 82 Environment 88 Human Resources 90 Global Network 91 History of the SUBARU Group 92 Corporate Data Information Disclosure System Sustainability Information Business and Financial Information Annual Securities Report (Japanese version only) https://www.subaru.co.jp/ir/library/securities-reports.html Financial Report https://www.subaru.co.jp/en/ir/library/financial-reports.html Corporate Governance Guidelines/ Corporate Governance Reports (Japanese version only) https://www.subaru.co.jp/en/csr/governance/corporate/ Investor Relations Information Website https://www.subaru.co.jp/en/ir/ Integrated Report To provide consolidated key information on the SUBARU Group and share our value creation story with a wide range of stakeholders, including shareholders and investors, we aim to communicate in an easy-to-understand manner for all of our stakeholders. https://www.subaru.co.jp/en/ir/library/annual-reports.html Website: Sustainability & CSR https://www.subaru.co.jp/en/csr/

[TABLE] Annual Securities Report (Japanese version only)
https://www.subaru.co.jp/ir/library/securities-reports.html
Financial Report
https://www.subaru.co.jp/en/ir/library/financial-reports.html
[TABLE] Corporate Governance Guidelines/
Corporate Governance Reports (Japanese version only)
https://www.subaru.co.jp/en/csr/governance/corporate/
[TABLE] Investor Relations Information Website
https://www.subaru.co.jp/en/ir/

[PAGE 4]
Automotive 2 operating locations (Gunma (Japan), Indiana (U.S.)) Aerospace 2 operating locations (Tochigi, Aichi (Japan)) Production Sites 440 locations in Japan Automobile Sales Network *2 36,910 Number of Employees (consolidated) *1 2 Segments (Automotive and Aerospace) Business Segments 90 Plus locations in more than countries and regions 94 Affiliated Companies *1 Consolidated Performance *3 2,744.5 billion yen Revenue 90.5 billion yen Operating profit Operating margin *3 3.3% Capital Stock *3 153.8 billion yen At a Glance Our Path to Today Performance and Financial Soundness Chikuhei Nakajima establishes Aircraft Research Laboratory 1917 Founded *1 As of March 31, 2022 *2 As of April 1, 2022 *3 Figures for FYE March 2022 Equity ratio A- Issuer Rating (Rating and Investment Information, Inc.) As of October 6, 2021 53.4% *3 Businesses Automobile Category AWD vehicles 98% *5 ​ SUV sales Approx. 80% *4 Retail sales Industry Share *4 Global Share Approx. 1% U.S. Market Share 3.9%​ Ratio by Region *3 Produced in Japan Units Produced (consolidated) 727 thousand units 455 thousand units Produced in the U.S. 272 thousand units China: 14 thousand units Europe: 15 thousand units U.S.: 506 thousand units Japan: 89 thousand units Other: 27 thousand units Australia: 33 thousand units Canada: 49 thousand units Units Sold (consolidated) 734 thousand units *4 For 2021 (calendar year) *5 Based on sales data from 2018 to 2021 (calendar years). Excludes OEM vehicles from other companies. 97.6%​ Other 0.2% 2.3%​ Aerospace Automobiles Composition of Sales Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 04 05 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation
[TABLE] Automobiles | Aerospace

[PAGE 5]
Message from the CEO SUBARU will make steady progress towards becoming a company “Delivering happiness to all,” enriching people’s lives and minds as a partner to our customers and society. Tomomi Nakamura Representative Director, President and CEO More than two years have passed since the global outbreak of COVID-19. During this time, we at the SUBARU Group have taken a variety of actions to maintain our business activities while simultaneously protecting the health and safety of employees and their families. This includes shifting to a new normal for work arrangements, such as bolstering our IT infrastructure and abolishing mandatory core hours in the flex-time system. We also held online Premiere events of new vehicles, to create more opportunities for customers to directly come into contact with the value SUBARU provides. I commend these efforts that we have made to flexibly respond to changes in the environment and improve productivity and operational quality. Meanwhile, the aftershocks from the spread of COVID-19 continue to affect us in the short term. Adjustments to production at our plants have been unprecedented, driven by the impact from the shortage of semiconductors throughout the year and supply chain stagnation due to the resurgence of COVID-19 in Southeast Asia and other regions. With further impact from sharp rises in energy and raw material prices, in connection with the situation between Russia and Ukraine that emerged at the end of FYE March 2022, the balance between supply and demand remains uncertain. Amid these circumstances, with extensive cooperation from our suppliers, we made advances in our BCP*1 efforts on the procurement side in FYE March 2022, expanding the scope of monitoring the degree of risk impact. On the manufacturing side, we have also made various efforts, such as flexibly adjusting production plans, in order to produce as many cars as possible despite parts supply constraints. On the sales side, we have been able to further bolster what was already a highly efficient sales operation by utilizing our “pipeline” inventory of units before they arrive at retailers. However in FYE March 2022, consolidated sales and profits declined, due to the decrease in automobiles sales volume resulting from reduced production by constraints on the parts supply, and to soaring raw material prices. For our FYE March 2023 performance forecast, we aim to achieve 3,500 billion yen in revenue, up 27.5% year on year, and 200 billion yen in operating income, up 121.1% year on year. Thanks to strong demand, especially in the North American market, we expect to sell 940,000 units and will take on the challenge of producing 1 million units. Current Economic Conditions and Performance Outlook for FYE March 2023 The unified SUBARU Group will work hard to deliver as many cars as possible to our customers. Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 06 07 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data Profile 1982 Joined SUBARU and worked in the Japan Sales and Marketing Division, Global Marketing Division, and other units 2011 Vice President, Senior General Manager of Strategy Development Division and General Manager of Corporate Planning Department 2014 Senior Vice President, Chief General Manager of SUBARU Overseas Sales & Marketing Division 1, Chairman of SOA* 2016 Executive Vice President, Chief General Manager of SUBARU Overseas Sales & Marketing Division 1, Chairman of SOA Representative Director, President and CEO since June 2018 * Subaru of America, Inc.

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation

[PAGE 6]
Regarding environmental measures for sustainable growth, at the SUBARU technology briefing held in January 2020, we announced our commitment to “contribute to building a decarbonized society through our distinctive and technological innovations,” and we are accelerating our efforts in our “CO2 Reduction Roadmap”. We have defined SUBARU’s position in the era of electrification as “smart follower,” as we have long been engaged in research and product development related to vehicle electrification technologies. Especially in the past year or two, market trends have changed rapidly, and we feel that U.S. retailers and our most valued customers are also rapidly becoming more interested in climate change issues and electric vehicles. Deciding that the time was finally right, in May 2022, we launched our first global BEV*3, the SOLTERRA. The SOLTERRA was jointly developed with Toyota Motor Corporation. The entire team, working together with a passion to build a better car, tackled its development by engaging in a number of frank, uncompromising discussions until they built a car that would satisfy. We have faced the opinion of many that with the coming of the electrification era, SUBARU difference could be lost. However, this vehicle has received many positive assessments from customers and automotive journalists in Japan and overseas, who say that the SUBARU difference is still present, even in a BEV. This experience has given us confidence that we can make a car with the evolved SUBARU difference even in the era of electrification. In May 2021, around three years after the mid-term management vision “STEP” was announced just following my appointment as President in 2018, we made a report to our stakeholders about our progress to date and our policy for initiatives going forward. This offered us an opportunity to integrate the several principles present at the time. Our corporate statement is “We aim to be a compelling company with a strong market presence built upon our customer-first principle.” With “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” as the value the SUBARU Group provides to our customers, we will evolve the the SUBARU difference that is unwavering amid changing times and changing external environments, enhancing the strength of our brand. The phrase “Delivering happiness to all” was announced when we changed our company name from Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd. to SUBARU CORPORATION, and we learned it from our customers’ behavior. Taking this opportunity, we defined this term as our “Vision”. With regard to the three priority initiatives in “STEP”—corporate culture reforms, quality enhancement, and evolution of the SUBARU difference—we are making steady progress thanks to continued actions as a unified Group under the slogan of “change mindset, change actions, change the company.” One of the most important topics here is quality enhancement, a persistent reform that we are pursuing first and foremost. Specifically, in January 2021, we established the “FAST*2” quality improvement team in North America to quickly resolve any defects that may have occurred there. Furthermore, as part of efforts to prevent recurrence of improprieties relating to final vehicle inspections at the Gunma Plant, we have been establishing new final vehicle inspection buildings independent from production lines. One of the three new final inspection buildings has launched its operations as of August 2022. In addition, we will speed up our quality improvement by establishing “QA (Quality Assurance) Lab” to enhance our ability to investigate defects, and by strengthening parts traceability. Although there is a trend toward improvement, such as a decrease in the number of defects and recalls on a global basis, our perception is that we have yet to show results to our customers and dealerships. For us, high quality is at the very root of the SUBARU brand, and is a source of added value. We will continue to push forward with further reforms, including the development of new technologies, so that we can show our customers and retailers real results. *2 FAST: Fast Action & Solution Team Progress in the Mid-term Management Vision “STEP" I am seeing steady progress in the priority initiatives set forth in “STEP.” Contributions to Building a Decarbonized Society As we evolve the SUBARU difference, we will accelerate activities towards electrification based on our roadmap. With continuing challenges in semiconductor supply, we see our performance through the first quarter of FYE March 2023 as largely in line with our plan. We believe it is important to make steady progress with a positive attitude, while maintaining a sense of urgency through the second half of the fiscal year. In July 2022, I attended the retailers’ conference, in which all SUBARU retailers in the United States took part. Each and every local retailer there said to me,“More Cars!”. It made me feel strongly that we have to satisfy those expectations as quickly as possible. Internally, I have also conveyed the message that we will work together relentlessly as a Group to produce and sell as many cars as possible, and we will work to restore our performance to the level of FYE March 2020, which was just before the COVID-19 pandemic. *1 BCP: Business continuity plan Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 08 09 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation

[PAGE 7]
Representative Director of the Board, President and CEO SUBARU’s accumulated knowledge in all-wheel drive (AWD) has a strong affinity with electric motors, facilitating a further evolution of driving stability and reliability. Doing this without loss of SUBARU’s core competencies, such as quality and safety, allows us to demonstrate the SUBARU difference even in BEVs. We will keep taking market feedback seriously, linking it to our future electrification strategy. In parallel with these efforts, we have begun to strategically restructure our domestic production, so that we can respond to the market’s transition to BEVs. We are targeting the launch of in-house production of BEVs at the Yajima Plant around 2025, and the additional launch of dedicated BEV production line at the Oizumi Plant in 2027 or later. At both of these plants, we will establish a high-efficiency, flexible production system. For this series of reorganizations, we plan to invest approximately 250 billion yen over the next five years. While accelerating electrification, we also look for other ways of contributing to a decarbonized society, through internal combustion engines. Since March 2022, we participate in a Japanese racing series “Super Taikyu Series 2022”, with a racing vehicle that runs on carbon-neutral fuel, produced by synthesizing components derived from carbon dioxide, hydrogen, biomass, etc. *3 BEV: Battery electric vehicle In this once-in-a-century period of revolutionary change in the automotive industry, our human resources are the key to turn environmental change into opportunity, and to carry out activities to carefully nurture relationships with our customers. Our organizational culture has undoubtedly changed over the past several years, and in order to encourage the growth of our human resources, we believe it is necessary to move to the next stage of our various measures toward corporate culture reforms, a priority initiative in “STEP,” and link the growth of the individual to the growth of the organization. In the last three years, we have increased opportunities for employee growth and behavioral change through various dialogue sessions aimed at sharing management issues and promoting understanding of the external business environment. With more employees voluntarily raising proposals, I feel an improvement in quality of the dialogues year by year. In FYE March 2023, the Human Resources Department and Corporate Planning Department will work together to accelerate efforts to boost the reforms. In addition, more and more employees are raising thoughtful, considered proposals to their managers and senior executives. Regarding the strategic restructuring of our domestic production mentioned above, a group of young managers who are in line to lead SUBARU around 2025 to 2027 formed a team and constantly submitted proposals and held bi-weekly discussions with senior executives, helping guide the process to the public announcement in May 2022. A new virtuous cycle is emerging, that not only the traditional “top-down” way to propel measures, but also the growth of individuals who think and act autonomously, is changing corporate culture to increase company value. We feel that employee engagement has improved with the introduction of a new personnel system in FYE March 2022, encouraging employees to independently develop their own careers and take on challenges. In order to overcome rapidly changing times, it is important to think independently. We will keep expanding the circle of revolutionaries who want to change our company, by supporting and motivating the employees who act to change. In addition, after active discussions with outside directors, we revised the compensation system for internal In our Vision for 2025 within “STEP,” we declare that we will “Become a brand that is ‘different’ from others by enhancing distinctiveness.” In line with this vision, we will further deepen this relationship between SUBARU and our customers that makes us different from other brands. We do this because we see this relationship as an asset for the SUBARU Group and the SUBARU brand. This vision of “Delivering happiness to all” is more than just a catchy slogan. When I look at pictures and videos posted on social media by SUBARU customers, I am always moved by the great number of smiling customers with their cars. In these social media posts, as well as in sales and after-sales service, we can see the distinctiveness and true strength of the SUBARU brand as told by our customers. Also, especially in the U.S., our customers are noteworthy in that they have a high level of awareness about society and global resources, along with an interest in the safety and reliability of SUBARU vehicles. For customers who want to help those in need and to do more for society and the environment, SOA*4 and its retailers have been working since 2008 to meet their needs, providing a range of support for local communities through the Love Campaign for over 14 years. We will continue to provide “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” through our various efforts to enrich people’s lives and minds, working to be a partner to our customers and society at large. With our aim to become a company delivering happiness to people, society, and even the Earth, we will strive for the sustainable growth of the SUBARU Group and the achievement of an enjoyable and sustainable society. We look forward to the continued support of our stakeholders as we build the future of the SUBARU Group. *4 SOA: Subaru of America Inc. Reforming Corporate Culture and Cultivating Talent, the Driving Forces for Growth We will link the growth of the individual to the growth of the organization and enhance employee engagement. Toward Delivering Happiness to All We will further deepen our relationships with customers, to achieve an enjoyable and sustainable society. directors and executive officers to further motivate them to contribute to the achievement of priority initiatives set forth in "STEP" and to the enhancement of business performance and corporate value over the medium to long term. Specifically, we have decided to incorporate employee engagement (employee satisfaction evaluation) as a new non-financial evaluation indicator in the executive compensation system. More than ever, employees and senior executive management will work together to achieve sustainable growth for the SUBARU Group. Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 10 11 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation

[PAGE 8]
Period • Postwar reconstruction • National Car Concept • Rapid economic growth • Motorization • Leisure (skiing) boom • Desiring leisure time with friends • Motorsports boom • The 2008 ‘Lehman shock’ economic downturn • Increasing safety awareness • Increasing environmental awareness Customer needs based in historical context • Desiring mobility • Desiring an affordable car • Desiring a car ride without worrying about the weather • Desiring family fun with a personal vehicle • Desiring to bond with cars • Desiring to manifest unique personality • Desiring car safety at all times • Desiring to do more for society and the environment SUBARU’s value provided through car manufacturing Family mobility for all Safety performance Mobility The SUBARU community An unpretentious, self-actualized style To 1950 1950s 1960s and 1970s 1980s and 1990s Since 2000 Products 1989 Legacy 1988 Established SUBARU Tecnica International Inc. Pre-Subaru Aircraft 1958 SUBARU 360 1966 SUBARU 1000 1995 Grand Wagon 1997 Forester 1997 Three-time World Rally Championship (WRC) winner 1992 Impreza 2012 SUBARU XV 2012 SUBARU BRZ 2022 SOLTERRA 2014 Levorg From 2008 Participated in the Nürburgring 24-hour race 1972 Leone 4WD Estate Van Visibility design Primary Safety Technology embodying our safety concept 1965 Began crash tests Passive Safety 1972 4WD/AWD Active Safety 1966 Horizontally-opposed engine Active Safety 2020 SUBARU STARLINK Connected Safety 2016  SUBARU Global Platform 1989  Began stereo camera development Preventive Safety 1999 ADA (Active Driving Assist) 2008 EyeSight Note: The information above is mainly about the Japanese market. Active Safety Passive Safety SUBARU’s History of Value Creation Integrated Report 2022 13 Integrated Report 2022 12 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data We have always been ahead of the curve in using products exemplifying the SUBARU difference to respond to customer needs based in the context of the times. This has created strong relationships with our customers. In particular, we believe that the driver’s universal value of safety is an unshakable strength felt by our customers in our continuous refinement of all kinds of technologies.

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation
[TABLE] To 1950 | 1950s | 1960s and 1970s | 1980s and 1990s
[TABLE] Since 20 | 00
[TABLE] • Postwar
reconstruction
• National Car
Concept | • Rapid economic growth
• Motorization | • Leisure (skiing) • Motorsports boom
boom | • The 2008 ‘Lehman sho
• Increasing safety awar
• Increasing environmen | ck’ economic downturn
eness
tal awareness
[TABLE] • Desiring mobility
• Desiring an
affordable car | • Desiring a car ride without
worrying about the weather
• Desiring family fun with a
personal vehicle | • Desiring leisure • Desiring to bond with cars
time with friends • Desiring to manifest unique
personality | • Desiring car safety at a
• Desiring to do more fo
environment
[TABLE] ility
y performance
Family mobilit | y for all | The SUBARU community
An unpretentious, self-act | ualized style
[TABLE] Visib | ility design Primary Sa | fety
1965 Began crash test
1966 Horizontally-o
1972 4WD/A | s Passive Safety
pposed engine Active Safety
WD Active Safety
1989 1
Began stereo camera development A
Preventive Safety (A | 999
200
DA
Eye
ctive Driving Assist)
[TABLE] 1958
SUBARU 360
bove is mainly about the Japan | 1966
SUBARU 1000
1972
Leone 4WD
Estate Van
ese market. | 1992
1989
Impreza
Legacy
1995
Grand Wagon
1988
Established 1997
SUBARU Tecnica Forester
International Inc.
1997
Three-time World
Rally Championship
(WRC) winner | 2012
SUBARU XV
2012
SUBARU BRZ
2014
Levor
From 2008
Participated in the
Nürburgring
24-hour race

[PAGE 9]
Achieving an Enjoyable and Sustainable Society Sustainable Growth of the SUBARU Group Management Resources Development with a focus on individuals Financial capital Manufacturing capital Natural capital Social capital Intellectual capital Human capital Work style changes Advancement of innovation in the auto industry Corporate Statement We aim to be a compelling company with a strong market presence built upon our customer-first principle. Support individuals who take on challenges Enhancing relationships with customers Human resource development Mid-Term Management Vision Three Priorities in STEP Six Priority Areas for CSR Corporate Culture Reforms Quality Enhancement Evolution of the SUBARU Difference People-oriented Car Culture Resonance and Coexistence Peace of Mind Diversity Environment Compliance Selection and concentration Differentiation + + Added value The SUBARU Group’s Unique Business Model Climate change Resource recycling Traffic accidents Respect for human rights Social Issues Delivering Happiness to All S u s t a i n a b l e C ir c u l a ri t y S u s t a i n a b l e C ir c u l a ri t y Customer expectations Enjoyment and Peace of Mind Invest in employee development Respond to new work styles Enriching People’s Minds and Lives Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 14 15 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data Value Creation Process With its DNA as an aircraft manufacturer, SUBARU continues to practice the human-oriented approach to Mono-zukuri, where it places top priority on safety. We hope to enrich people’s lives and minds by providing product value that embodies the SUBARU difference in pursuit of safety and rough-road capability, and by continuing to meet the various expectations of our customers who share these values. Toward achieving our vision of becoming a company “Delivering happiness to all,” we will link the growth of the individual (our employees) to the growth of the organization, further evolve “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind,” the value we provide, deepen our relationships with customers, and achieve both sustainable growth for the SUBARU Group and the realization of a sustainable society.

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation
[TABLE] Delivering
Happi
[TABLE] bl
g a
n
relationships ai
t
s
u
S
Enjoyment and Customer
Peace of Mind expectations
with S
u
s
t
a
customers ni
a
b
el
C
ytiralucri
Human
development
Develop
focus on resource
Support individuals Respond to Invest in employee
who take on challenges new work styles development
[TABLE] Financial
capital
[TABLE] Manufacturi
capital
Intellec
capit
[TABLE] ment with a
individuals | Hum
capit
[TABLE] ness
to
All | Mid-Term Three Priorities Six Priority
in STEP Areas for CSR
People-oriented Car Culture
Management Corporate Culture Reforms
Resonance and Coexistence
Peace of Mind
Quality Enhancement
Diversity
Environment
Vision Evolution of the SUBARU Difference
Compliance
Corporate Statement We aim to be a compelling company with a strong
presence built upon our customer-first principle.
[TABLE] Social
capital
Natural
[TABLE] market | capital
[TABLE] Enriching People’s Minds and Lives
[TABLE] Social Issues

[PAGE 10]
SUBARU, which has roots as an aircraft manufacturer, has constantly maintained a human-oriented approach to Mono-zukuri. Even in the midst of changing times, this approach has always been the core of our manufacturing philosophy, allowing us to create various unique and advanced technologies by continually taking on challenges that enrich the lives of our customers and society. Based on this human-oriented approach to Mono-zukuri, SUBARU will continue to enhance the basic functions of our vehicles—expanding our customers’ freedom of movement—to provide customers with Enjoyment and Peace of Mind. Ensuring driving safety from every perspective, from putting on your seat belt to unexpected situations Ever since the SUBARU 360 popularized personal car ownership in Japan, the philosophy at SUBARU has been to give top priority to safety because people entrust their cars with their lives. The safety technologies that we continue to refine based on this philosophy are integrated into the concept of delivering All-Around Safety to customers whenever they ride in our vehicles, from when they put on their seat belts to unexpected situations. SUBARU’s enhanced safety performance constantly receives the highest safety performance ratings from various third parties in and outside of Japan. The SUBARU Group’s Unique Business Model SUBARU is building a unique business model to achieve its vision of being a company “Delivering happiness to all”. Instead of simply expanding our priorities in our business, products, markets, and development, we aim to achieve sustainable growth by selecting and concentrating our business resources in areas where we can best utilize the technologies and know-how that we have built up over the years as part of the human-oriented approach to Mono-zukuri which SUBARU has maintained throughout its history. In our automotive business, for example, we select and focus on specific areas to provide enhanced functional value in the form of vehicle safety, durability, and superior handling. This allows us to offer value to our customers in the form of Enjoyment and Peace of Mind. As a result of these efforts, our customers see SUBARU vehicles as more than just a means of transport—they are an essential part of our customers’ lifestyles. We will continue to meet our customers’ expectations and make efforts to enrich people’s lives. This will allow us to deepen our relationships with our customers and enhance the value of the SUBARU brand. Enhancing the Most Basic Functions of Our Vehicles to Provide “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” Connected Safety Primary Safety Passive Safety Preventive Safety Active Safety Development based on our customers’ car use in the real world At SUBARU, we place importance on being practical for our customers, which is why we build cars that match their lifestyles and changing needs. Examples include a touring wagon that combines a spacious luggage compartment with sporty driving performance, and a crossover SUV that combines off-road capability with everyday usability. Meticulous attention to materials, structure, and layout are factors that enhance the safety of the vehicle. This attention to detail enables us to make the frame thin and strong, which results in a high level of both driving visibility and passive safety performance. Our vehicles are tested on our company’s test track by taking into account various patterns of use by our customers. We also conduct numerous other tests in harsh environments around the world, including uphill driving, rough road handling, and towing. This allows us to collect a diverse array of performance data which we use to boost the reliability of our vehicles in the real world. SUVs 667 thousand units 82% Note: Retail sales for FYE March 2022 U.S. 506 thousand units 69% Note: Consolidated sales for FYE March 2022 Development Focus Competitiveness We focus on Enjoyment and Peace of Mind. We focus on Enjoyment and Peace of Mind. Collaboration We effectively utilize partnerships to jointly develop vehicles instead of developing everything in-house. We effectively utilize partnerships to jointly develop vehicles instead of developing everything in-house. Business Focus Areas FY2017 Discontinued FY2012 Transferred Our priority is not simply expanding our business. Instead, we concentrate our business resources by narrowing down our focus to automobiles and aerospace, where we can best utilize the technologies and know-how we have built up over the years. FY2003 Transferred Industrial Products Business Sanitation Truck and Wind Power Business Railcar and Bus Business We aim for our cars to be easy to freely control for anyone in any environment Unless the driver can control the car freely, they will not be able to drive with Enjoyment and Peace of Mind. The car must respond to the driver’s control of the steering wheel without delay, move smoothly without any awkwardness, and never require steering adjustments when driving straight. This is the kind of car that SUBARU strives for when refining basic performance—a car that anyone can operate freely with peace of mind. SUBARU does not have dedicated test drivers—that job is carried out by our engineers. Our engineers strive to achieve better basic performance by understanding the level of skills possessed by professional test drivers. This sharpens their ability to feel the difference between the ideal and reality, and theorize the mechanism behind that difference, which they can then reflect in the best possible design drawings. If our engineers cannot acquire the equipment they need to identify the source of any differences felt between the ideal and reality, they will create their own equipment to solve the problem. By constantly making cars informed not just by hard data, but also by sensory aspects, we are able to exceed the expectations of our customers while accumulating unique theoretical knowledge and know-how. Automotive Business Aerospace Business SUBARU’s Selected Focus Areas Product Focus Market Focus Development and production of minicars ended in 2012. Within our passenger car segment, we have focused on vehicles in the SUV category due to their versatility for both daily use and more active lifestyles. Growth by focusing on the U.S. market, which matches SUBARU’s car-making and the lifestyles of our customers, and by gaining further affinity toward SUBARU’s initiatives. Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 16 17 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation
[TABLE] Automotive Business
[TABLE] Aerospace Business
FY2017
[TABLE] We effectively utilize partnerships to
jointly develop vehicles instead of
developing everything in-house.

[PAGE 11]
In the priority market of the U.S., we see many social media posts featuring images and videos of SUBARU vehicles with family members, friends, and pets in front of gorgeous backdrops. This shows us that our customers recognize our vehicles as more than just a means of transportation - they are an integral part of our customers’ lifestyles and aspirations. Many of our customers tell us that they feel attached to our vehicles, and they feel that SUBARU is appealing because it is different to its competitors. This “difference” is truly an asset to the SUBARU brand. The deep relationship between SUBARU and our customers creates emotional value that makes us different from other brands, and we feel strongly that we must continue to enhance it. We hope the “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” that the SUBARU Group provides allows our customers to experience greater joy, fulfillment and attachment to our vehicles. This includes driving experiences that offer “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind”, active lifestyles, memorable experiences with loved ones, and a deeper relationship between retailer staff and customers. We will also respond to new expectations from our customers to build a virtuous cycle that further develops our relationships and enhances the SUBARU brand. Subaru of America, Inc. (hereinafter, “SOA”), which is the local sales management company for the U.S., and its participating retailers work together to make the world a better place all year round with our motto “Do the right things.” Customers who share our values and actively support these activities will not be content with ensuring their own happiness. Instead, they are deeply concerned about society and global resources, and they are making the effort to act in an altruistic way, including helping those in need and want to improve society and the environment. In many cases, our customers become our teachers through the various activities we implement to improve society. These ongoing initiatives allow us to build stronger and deeper relationships with them. We at SUBARU will continue to work with our retailers to be a trusted part of our customers’ lives. Together with our customers, we will work to achieve an enjoyable and sustainable society. Our goal of being More Than a Car Company®: SOA‘s Love Promise® Initiatives SOA Launches Programs with Love as the Keyword In the United States, a key SUBARU Group market, SOA has been conducting its Love Campaign since 2008. Every day, SOA receives messages from customers saying things like, “I love my SUBARU.” What really stands out is that so many people use the word ‘love’ to express their feelings about their SUBARU. Launched with love as the keyword, the Love Campaign involves a variety of initiatives that are closely attuned to customer feelings and values. That approach is especially represented during the year-end holiday season by the Share the Love ® campaign. Large discounts are the norm during the season, but the Share the Love ® campaign gives customers who buy a SUBARU vehicle during this period the chance to have SUBARU donate on their behalf to a charity of their choice. This program is closely attuned to the sensibilities of customers who are committed to social contribution, and has been running for the 14 years since 2008. SUBARU and its participating retailers donated more than $227 million to over 1,700 hometown charities. We at SUBARU have worked to enhance the functionality of our vehicles, including safety and longevity, as part of our efforts to provide value in the form of “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind”. Our customers tell us about their lifestyles, experiences, and affinity using words that describe their SUBARU vehicle as a part of their lives. Safety is one area where SUBARU has worked to elevate functional value into emotional value in our customers’ minds, and our customers express this value as caring for beloved family and friends. Enhancing Relationships with Customers Creating the SUBARU difference for our customers Functional values Strengths of SUBARU vehicles have come to be expressed more intimately in terms of the customer's life. We will further enhance this “deep relationship between SUBARU and our customers that makes us different from other brands.” Safety Caring for beloved family and friends... Building precious memories... Enriching life and adding color to leisure time... Capability Enjoyment and Peace of Mind Emotional values Longevity Elevated Elevated Elevated Elevated Elevated Elevated U.S. Accolades for the SUBARU Brand SOA programs, including Love Promise ® initiatives with retailers and customers, rank highly in U.S. consumer brand evaluations for all industries and in U.S. customer satisfaction surveys. This has helped to enhance the SUBARU brand. Evolution from Love Campaign to Love Promise – An Initiative That Makes Us More Than a Car Company The Love Campaign began as a sales promotion initiative, and over the past 14 years has grown into a more significant activity that makes use of community networks built through collaboration with more than 630 retailers across the U.S. SOA and retailers are participating in the Love Promise Community Commitment based on a core belief in helping those in need through charitable efforts, and the concept that everyone connected with SUBARU should feel loved and respected. Focusing on initiatives in five areas of interest, we are making the world a better place through activities for the communities and regions that each retailer calls home. Specifically, in addition to the four organizations *1 that SOA partnerships with, retailers independently support community and regional organizations. Love will guide SOA’s aspirations to transcend what it means to be an automaker with programs to link customers, SUBARU vehicles, and life and lifestyles. Love Promise ® Initiatives in Five Areas SUBARU Loves to Care  https://www.subaru.com/our-commitment/love-promise/subaru-loves-to-care.html SUBARU Loves to Help  https://www.subaru.com/our-commitment/love-promise/subaru-loves-to-help.html SUBARU Loves the Earth   https://www.subaru.com/our-commitment/love-promise/subaru-loves-the-earth.htmls SUBARU Loves Learning  https://www.subaru.com/our-commitment/love-promise/subaru-loves-learning.html SUBARU Loves Pets  https://www.subaru.com/our-commitment/love-promise/subaru-loves-pets.html U.S. Accolades for the SUBARU Brand https://www.subaru.com/vehicles/accolades.html *1 SOA has partnerships with these four national charity partner beneficiaries: the ASPCA, Make-A-Wish, Meals on Wheels, and the National Park Foundation Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 18 19 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data Forbes Halo 100 Forbes ranks SUBARU among the top 10 brands consumers love. ACSI ® SUBARU has received top rating in numerous categories in the American Customer Satisfaction Index (ACSI) survey for the automobile industry. SUBARU Loves to Care Support for people battling illness Donated more than 230,000 blankets Gifted 31,000 arts and crafts kits Thousands of messages of hope written by SUBARU retailers and customers SUBARU Loves to Help Support for those in need of housing and food Donated approximately 150 million meals to those affected by COVID-19 SUBARU Loves the Earth Activities to protect the Earth More than 7,000,000 pieces of hard-to-recycle trash like coffee cups and snack wrappers were given a new life as useful items such as benches at local schools SUBARU Loves Learning Support for education SUBARU and its retailers have supported the educations of more than 300,000 students nationwide SUBARU Loves Pets Animal welfare Support for 230,000 animals, including matching with foster families, rescue, and health care Safety: Ranked 1st (3 years in a row) *2 Driving performance: Ranked 1st *2 Service quality: Ranked 1st *2 Endurance: Ranked 1st (2 years in a row) *3 Production quality: Ranked 1st (2 years in a row) *3 Satisfaction 1st *2 *2 Compared to all other measured mass-market automotive companies in the 2022 ACSI surveys of customers rating their own automobile. ACSI ® is a registered trademark of ACSI, LLC. *3 Compared to all other measured mass-market automotive companies in the 2022 ACSI surveys of customers rating their own automobile. The 1st rating is shared with one other automotive company.

[TABLE] Value Creation Story Commentary on Strategy Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Corporate Data
[TABLE] Enhancing Relationships with Customers
Creating the SUBARU difference for our customers Our goal of being More Than a Car Company®:
SOA‘s Love Promise® Initiatives
We at SUBARU have worked to enhance the functionality of our vehicles, including safety and longevity, as part of our
SOA Launches Programs with Love as the Keyword
efforts to provide value in the form of “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind”. Our customers tell us about their lifestyles,
experiences, and affinity using words that describe their SUBARU vehicle as a part of their lives. Safety is one area In the United States, a key SUBARU Group market, SOA has been conducting its Love Campaign since 2008. Every day, SOA
where SUBARU has worked to elevate functional value into emotional value in our customers’ minds, and our receives messages from customers saying things like, “I love my SUBARU.” What really stands out is that so many people use the
customers express this value as caring for beloved family and friends. word ‘love’ to express their feelings about their SUBARU. Launched with love as the keyword, the Love Campaign involves a
variety of initiatives that are closely attuned to customer feelings and values. That approach is especially represented during the
Enjoyment and Peace of Mind year-end holiday season by the Share the Love® campaign. Large discounts are the norm during the season, but the Share the
Love® campaign gives customers who buy a SUBARU vehicle during this period the chance to have SUBARU donate on their
Functional
values Safety Longevity Capability behalf to a charity of their choice. This program is closely attuned to the
SUBARU and its participating
EElleevvaatteedd EElleevvaatteedd EElleevvaatteedd sensibilities of customers who are committed to social contribution, and has retailers donated
Strengths of SUBARU vehicles have come to be expressed more intimately in terms of the customer's life. been running for the 14 years since 2008. more than $227 million
to over 1,700 hometown
Enriching life
Emotional Caring for beloved Building precious and adding color charities.
values family and friends... memories...
to leisure time...
We will further enhance this “deep relationship between SUBARU Evolution from Love Campaign to Love Promise – An Initiative That Makes Us More Than a Car Company
and our customers that makes us different from other brands.”
The Love Campaign began as a sales promotion initiative, and over the past 14 years has grown into a more significant activity
In the priority market of the U.S., we see many social media posts featuring images and videos of SUBARU vehicles with family that makes use of community networks built through collaboration with more than 630 retailers across the U.S.
members, friends, and pets in front of gorgeous backdrops. This shows us that our customers recognize our vehicles as more SOA and retailers are participating in the Love Promise Community Commitment based on a core belief in helping those in need
than just a means of transportation - they are an integral part of our customers’ lifestyles and aspirations. Many of our customers through charitable efforts, and the concept that everyone connected with SUBARU should feel loved and respected. Focusing on
tell us that they feel attached to our vehicles, and they feel that SUBARU is appealing because it is different to its competitors. initiatives in five areas of interest, we are making the world a better place through activities for the communities and regions that
This “difference” is truly an asset to the SUBARU brand. The deep relationship between SUBARU and our customers creates each retailer calls home. Specifically, in addition to the four organizations*1 that SOA partnerships with, retailers independently
emotional value that makes us different from other brands, and we feel strongly that we must continue to enhance it. support community and regional organizations.
We hope the “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” that the SUBARU Group provides allows our customers to experience Love will guide SOA’s aspirations to transcend what it means to be an automaker with programs to link customers, SUBARU
greater joy, fulfillment and attachment to our vehicles. This includes driving experiences that offer “Enjoyment and Peace of vehicles, and life and lifestyles.
Mind”, active lifestyles, memorable experiences with loved ones, and a deeper relationship between retailer staff and *1 SOA has partnerships with these four national charity partner beneficiaries: the ASPCA, Make-A-Wish, Meals on Wheels, and the National Park Foundation
[TABLE] customers. We will also respond to new expectations from our customers to build a virtuous cycle that further develops our
relationships and enhances the SUBARU brand. Love Promise® Initiatives in Five Areas
SUBARU Loves to Care SUBARU Loves to Help SUBARU Loves the Earth SUBARU Loves Learning SUBARU Loves Pets
Support for people Support for those in need Activities to protect Support for Animal welfare
battling illness of housing and food the Earth education
D onated more than 230,000 D onated approximately More than 7,000,000 pieces SUBARU and its retailers have Support for 230,000 animals,
blankets 150 million meals to those of hard-to-recycle trash supported the educations of including matching with foster
Subaru of America, Inc. (hereinafter, “SOA”), which is the local sales management company for the U.S., and its participating G ifted 31,000 arts and crafts kits affected by COVID-19 like coffee cups and snack more than 300,000 families, rescue, and health
T housands of messages of wrappers were given a new students nationwide care
retailers work together to make the world a better place all year round with our motto “Do the right things.” Customers who hope written by SUBARU life as useful items such as
retailers and customers benches at local schools
share our values and actively support these activities will not be content with ensuring their own happiness. Instead, they are
U.S. Accolades for the SUBARU Brand Forbes Halo 100 ACSI®
deeply concerned about society and global resources, and they are making the effort to act in an altruistic way, including
Forbes ranks SUBARU SUBARU has received top rating in
SOA programs, including Love Promise® initiatives with among the top 10 numerous categories in the American
helping those in need and want to improve society and the environment. In many cases, our customers become our
brands consumers love. Customer Satisfaction Index (ACSI)
retailers and customers, rank highly in U.S. consumer
survey for the automobile industry.
teachers through the various activities we implement to improve society. These ongoing initiatives allow us to build stronger
brand evaluations for all industries and in U.S. customer S afety: Ranked 1st (3 years in a row)*2
and deeper relationships with them. satisfaction surveys. This has helped to enhance the D S e ri r v v i i n c g e p q e u r a f l o it r y m : R a a n n c k e e : d R a 1 n s k t* e 2 d 1st*2
We at SUBARU will continue to work with our retailers to be a trusted part of our customers’ lives. Together with our SUBARU brand. E P n ro d d u u ra c n ti c o e n : R q a u n a k li e ty d : R 1s a t n ( k 2 e y d e 1 a s rs t i ( n 2 a y e ro ar w s ) i * n 3
a row)*3
customers, we will work to achieve an enjoyable and sustainable society. S atisfaction 1st*2
*2 Compared to all other measured mass-market automotive companies in the 2022 ACSI surveys of customers rating their own automobile. ACSI® is a registered trademark of ACSI, LLC.
*3 Compared to all other measured mass-market automotive companies in the 2022 ACSI surveys of customers rating their own automobile. The 1st rating is shared with one other automotive company.
SUBARU Loves to Care SUBARU Loves Learning
https://www.subaru.com/our-commitment/love-promise/subaru-loves-to-care.html https://www.subaru.com/our-commitment/love-promise/subaru-loves-learning.html
SUBARU Loves to Help SUBARU Loves Pets
https://www.subaru.com/our-commitment/love-promise/subaru-loves-to-help.html https://www.subaru.com/our-commitment/love-promise/subaru-loves-pets.html
SUBARU Loves the Earth U.S. Accolades for the SUBARU Brand
https://www.subaru.com/our-commitment/love-promise/subaru-loves-the-earth.htmls https://www.subaru.com/vehicles/accolades.html
18 Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 19
[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation
[TABLE] Our goal of being More Than a Car Company®:
SOA‘s Love Promise® Initiatives
[TABLE] SOA Launches Programs with Love as the Keyword
In the United States, a key SUBARU Group market, SOA has been conducting its Love Campaign since 2008. Every day, SOA
receives messages from customers saying things like, “I love my SUBARU.” What really stands out is that so many people use the
word ‘love’ to express their feelings about their SUBARU. Launched with love as the keyword, the Love Campaign involves a
variety of initiatives that are closely attuned to customer feelings and values. That approach is especially represented during the
year-end holiday season by the Share the Love® campaign. Large discounts are the norm during the season, but the Share the
Love® campaign gives customers who buy a SUBARU vehicle during this period the chance to have SUBARU donate on their
behalf to a charity of their choice. This program is closely attuned to the
SUBARU and its participating
sensibilities of customers who are committed to social contribution, and has retailers donated
been running for the 14 years since 2008. more than $227 million
to over 1,700 hometown
charities.
Evolution from Love Campaign to Love Promise – An Initiative That Makes Us More Than a Car Company
The Love Campaign began as a sales promotion initiative, and over the past 14 years has grown into a more significant activity
that makes use of community networks built through collaboration with more than 630 retailers across the U.S.
SOA and retailers are participating in the Love Promise Community Commitment based on a core belief in helping those in need
through charitable efforts, and the concept that everyone connected with SUBARU should feel loved and respected. Focusing on
initiatives in five areas of interest, we are making the world a better place through activities for the communities and regions that
each retailer calls home. Specifically, in addition to the four organizations*1 that SOA partnerships with, retailers independently
support community and regional organizations.
Love will guide SOA’s aspirations to transcend what it means to be an automaker with programs to link customers, SUBARU
vehicles, and life and lifestyles.
*1 SOA has partnerships with these four national charity partner beneficiaries: the ASPCA, Make-A-Wish, Meals on Wheels, and the National Park Foundation
[TABLE] Love Promise® Initiatives in Five Areas
SUBARU Loves to Care SUBARU Loves to Help SUBARU Loves the Earth SUBARU Loves Learning SUBARU Loves Pets
Support for people Support for those in need Activities to protect Support for Animal welfare
battling illness of housing and food the Earth education
D onated more than 230,000 D onated approximately More than 7,000,000 pieces SUBARU and its retailers have Support for 230,000 animals,
blankets 150 million meals to those of hard-to-recycle trash supported the educations of including matching with foster
G ifted 31,000 arts and crafts kits affected by COVID-19 like coffee cups and snack more than 300,000 families, rescue, and health
T housands of messages of wrappers were given a new students nationwide care
hope written by SUBARU life as useful items such as
retailers and customers benches at local schools
U.S. Accolades for the SUBARU Brand Forbes Halo 100 ACSI®
Forbes ranks SUBARU SUBARU has received top rating in
SOA programs, including Love Promise® initiatives with among the top 10 numerous categories in the American
brands consumers love. Customer Satisfaction Index (ACSI)
retailers and customers, rank highly in U.S. consumer
survey for the automobile industry.
brand evaluations for all industries and in U.S. customer S afety: Ranked 1st (3 years in a row)*2
D riving performance: Ranked 1st*2
satisfaction surveys. This has helped to enhance the S ervice quality: Ranked 1st*2
SUBARU brand. E ndurance: Ranked 1st (2 years in a row)*3
P roduction quality: Ranked 1st (2 years in
a row)*3
S atisfaction 1st*2
*2 Compared to all other measured mass-market automotive companies in the 2022 ACSI surveys of customers rating their own automobile. ACSI® is a registered trademark of ACSI, LLC.
*3 Compared to all other measured mass-market automotive companies in the 2022 ACSI surveys of customers rating their own automobile. The 1st rating is shared with one other automotive company.
SUBARU Loves to Care SUBARU Loves Learning
https://www.subaru.com/our-commitment/love-promise/subaru-loves-to-care.html https://www.subaru.com/our-commitment/love-promise/subaru-loves-learning.html
SUBARU Loves to Help SUBARU Loves Pets
https://www.subaru.com/our-commitment/love-promise/subaru-loves-to-help.html https://www.subaru.com/our-commitment/love-promise/subaru-loves-pets.html
SUBARU Loves the Earth U.S. Accolades for the SUBARU Brand
https://www.subaru.com/our-commitment/love-promise/subaru-loves-the-earth.htmls https://www.subaru.com/vehicles/accolades.html

[PAGE 12]
Our Evolving Mid-term Management Vision We aim to be a compelling company with a strong market presence built upon our customer-first principle Enjoyment and Peace of Mind Note: A progress report on “STEP” was made in May 2021, and content was partially updated. Delivering happiness to all 1 2 3 Become a brand that is “different” from others by enhancing distinctiveness. Engage in business activities that resonate with customers by putting them center-stage Fulfill corporate social responsibilities by contributing to diversifying social needs. Corporate culture reforms Quality enhancement Evolution of the SUBARU difference 2007–2010 At the time of announcement: Representative Director of the Board, President and CEO Ikuo Mori Customer Satisfaction: Our Customers Are Everything 2011–2013 At the time of announcement: Representative Director of the Board, President and CEO Yasuyuki Yoshinaga Motion-V 2014–2017 At the time of announcement: Representative Director of the Board, President and CEO Yasuyuki Yoshinaga Prominence 2020 2018–2025 Representative Director of the Board, President and CEO Tomomi Nakamura STEP With the philosophy of “customers come first” at its core, focusing on improving profitability and investing in growth areas with management resources Aiming to be a compelling company with a strong market presence built upon its customer-first principle Essential features Essential features 1 2 3 4 5 Major challenges Major challenges Achievements Achievements * Aerospace Company, Industrial Products Company, Eco Technologies Company To provide a distinctive SUBARU experience for drivers and passengers To increase sales globally (Most important market: U.S.) To strengthen competitiveness in quality and cost To also grow through the business alliance with Toyota To grow the level of employee competence and so enhance the organization 1 2 3 4 5 Guiding principle for all activities “Confidence in Motion” <Promote the brand strategy> “Provide value to customers and Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” With the basic philosophy of “customers come first,” “Provide distinctive SUBARU experience” Strengthen sales force and the availability of automotive supply, “Accelerate sales expansion” Overhaul of cost structure and promote alliance with Toyota, “Solidify operational foundation” Back up concrete approaches for business, “Improvement in Management” Sharing the mindset of “customers come first” within the Group Globalization of products World’s leading safety performance Expanding sales in U.S. (the most important market) Reform of profit structure by reducing costs Issues Issues Lowering sensitivity to foreign currency fluctuations Increasing sale in emerging countries including China Developing environmental technology and products Autonomy of three internal companies* Flexibility to adapt to changes in business environment XUV/SUV strategy succeeded Boosted sales through U.S.-oriented product development Highly rated collision safety and EyeSight Cost reduction activities paid off Achieved low-incentive sales Achieved highly efficient production Compliance with future environmental regulations Production capacity shortages Responding to the needs of new customers Sensitivity to currency fluctuations Note: The Motion-V mid-term management plan, originally intended to run from 2011 to 2015, was completed ahead of schedule in FYE March 2014. Prominence 2020, the new mid-term management vision, was launched in FYE March 2015. Corporate vision Not big in size, but a high-quality company with distinctive strengths Specific goals • No.1 for customer trust • Strong brand • Among the most profitable companies in the industry • Vehicle sales of 1.1 million-plus units Aiming to be a compelling company with a strong market presence built upon its customer-first principle Pursue the goal of sustainable growth and development by boosting competitiveness and building a solid business platform at a new stage Pursue added-value business Enhancing the SUBARU brand Increase tolerance to changes in the business environment Building a strong business structure Among the most profitable companies in the industry Strong brand Vehicle sales of 1.2 million-plus units No. 1 for customer trust Management philosophy Management philosophy Five themes Five themes Achievements Achievements Issues Issues Management philosophy Management philosophy Reason for formulation Reason for formulation Vision for 2020 Vision for 2020 Direction for mid-term management vision Direction for mid-term management vision Achievement Achievement Issues Issues Corporate statement Corporate statement Value statement Value statement Vision for 2025 Vision for 2025 Vision Vision Major challenges Major challenges 0 100 200 300 400 500 600 700 800 900 1,000 1,100 ’08/3 ’09/3 ’10/3 ’11/3 ’12/3 ’13/3 ’14/3 ’15/3 ’16/3 ’17/3 ’18/3 ’19/3 ’22/3 ’21/3 ’20/3 Consolidated Automobile Unit Sales and Operating Margin Automobile sales (Thousand units) Overseas (Excl. the U.S.) U.S. Japan Operating margin Operating margin (%) 597 555 563 657 640 724 825 911 958 1,065 1,067 1,001 1,034 860 734 2.9 –0.4 1.9 5.3 2.9 6.3 13.6 14.7 17.5 12.4 11.7 5.8 6.3 3.6 3.3 0 6 12 18 Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 20 21 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data We aim to be a compelling company with a strong market presence built upon our customer-first principle. Under this corporate statement, we have worked to enhance the appeal of the SUBARU brand by offering customers “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind.” We will work to achieve our vision of “Delivering happiness to all” by promoting our mid-term management vision “STEP.”

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation

[PAGE 13]
Mid-term Management Vision “STEP”: Overview In July of 2018, we formulated our mid-term management vision “STEP,” with the goal of building trust and resonating with customers by providing “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind.” Then, in May 2021, we reported on our progress so far. Creating the Mid-Term Management Vision “STEP” is an acronym formed from the initial letters of Speed, Trust, Engagement, and Peace of Mind and Enjoyment, which are four important elements of the vision. The letter “T” is emphasized in the logo as SUBARU considers trust to be the most important element of all. The name also expresses the Company’s determination to take “steady, strong steps” before a future jump over social changes. • Changes in the external environment Once-in-a-century changes in a mobility society • Strains from the company’s rapid growth Lacking fundamental corporate strength • Restore trust by cultivating fundamental corporate strength as soon as possible. • Stay true to the brand principle of providing “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” to our customers. • Make SUBARU more than just a company that is trusted by, and resonates with, our customers. Background Intentions in developing the mid-term management vision 5.00% 4.00% 3.00% 2.00% 1.00% 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 (Year) 2.09% 3.87% We aim for an industry-leading operating margin (8%). Capital expenditures and R&D expenditures will be steadily executed for initiatives aimed at enhancing the SUBARU difference. Capital expenditures: In addition to recurring investment (3.5% to 4.0% of revenue), full-scale investment in reorganizing the domestic production system will begin in FYE March 2024 (250 billion yen over five years) R&D expenditures: 120 billion yen level/year We aim for a ROE of at least 10% while ensuring a capital equity ratio of 50%. Our stance on shareholder returns remains unchanged. Positioning dividends as the main form of return to shareholders with emphasis on stable, continuous returns. Based on the performance-linked approach, dividend payments will be determined considering the business performance of each fiscal year, investment plans, and the business environment. (Consolidated payout ratio: 30%–50%) Conducting share repurchases flexibly in line with our cash flow. Market share for SUBARU vehicles in the U.S. Rapid quantitative growth: Qualitative growth not keeping pace. Preparations for business/social changes: Qualitative growth catching up; steady growth in quantity. Significant business/social changes: Continued steady growth in quality and further enhancement of the brand. Motion-V Prominence 2020 Vision for 2025 Vision for 2030 (Provisional) 2014 2018 2025 2030 Quantitative growth Qualitative growth ROE At least 10% (target) Capital equity ratio 50% (minimum) Shareholder returns Consolidated payout ratio 30%–50% Share repurchases Conduct flexibly Capital Policy 0 Change the Culture Corporate culture reforms Accelerate efforts to become “a company that does the right thing in the right way.” Continuous efforts aimed at corporate culture reforms. Mono-zukuri (Car-making) Sales and service New mobility domain 1 Enhance corporate quality Quality reforms Enhance quality at customer contact points 2 Build a strong brand More enjoyment, more peace of mind From “A car you can love” to “A car, a brand, and people you can love” 3 Sustainable growth based on focus strategy Launch “Make-a-SUBARU” initiative Vision for 2025 Become a brand that is “different” from others by enhancing distinctiveness. 1 2 3 Engage in business activities that resonate with customers by putting them center-stage. Fulfill corporate social responsibilities by contributing to diversifying social needs. Target 5% share in the U.S. Steady growth in each region Alliance enhancement Generate new value through connected car technologies Initiatives to create new technologies and businesses We aim to maintain and expand our market share in each market by increasing the value we provide to our customers and enhancing the strength of our brand. In our priority market of the U.S., we are making progress toward a 5% market share. Market Strategy Concept and Timeline Profit Direction and Capital Policy Speedily advance initiatives Restore trust Engage and resonate with customers Provide “Peace of Mind and Enjoyment” to customers Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 22 23 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation
[TABLE] 3.87%
[TABLE] 2.09%
[TABLE] Rapid quantitative growth:
Qualitative growth not keeping pace. | Preparations for business/social changes:
Qualitative growth catching up;
steady growth in quantity. | Significant business/social changes:
Continued steady growth in quality and
further enhancement of the brand.
[TABLE] Quantitative
growth | Qualitative
growth
[TABLE] Motion-V | Prominence 2020 | Vision fo r 2025 | Vision for 2030 (Provisional)
[TABLE] Speedily advance
initiatives | Restore trust | Engage and resonate
with customers | Provide “Peace of
Mind and Enjoyment”
to customers
[TABLE] 0 | Change the Culture
Corporate culture reforms | Accelerate efforts to become “a company that does the rig ht thing in the right way.”
Continuous efforts aimed at corporate culture reforms.
[TABLE] Capital equity ratio | 50% (minimum)
[TABLE] Shareholder returns | Consolidated payout ratio
[TABLE] Share repurchases | Conduct flexibly
[TABLE] Mono-zukuri (Car-making) | Sales and service | New mobility domain
[TABLE] 1 | Enhance corporate quality | Quality reforms | Enhance quality at
customer contact points | Alliance enhancement
[TABLE] 2 | Build a strong brand | More enjoyment,
more peace of mind | From “A car you can love” to “A car,
a brand, and people you can love” | Generate new value through
connected car technologies
[TABLE] 3 | Sustainable growth based on
focus strategy | Launch “Make- a-SUBARU” initiative | Target 5% share in the U.S.
Steady growth in each region | Initiatives to create new
technologies and businesses

[PAGE 14]
Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 24 25 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data Mid-term Management Vision “STEP”: Six Priority Areas for CSR In accordance with SUBARU’s mid-term management vision “STEP,” the SUBARU Group established the Six Priority Areas for CSR: People-oriented Car Culture; Resonance and Coexistence; Peace of Mind; Diversity; Environment; and Compliance. To select the priority areas, the SUBARU Group first identified 41 CSR priority topics for which social needs were high and then conducted a questionnaire among experts and investors in North America and Japan. The responses and opinions we received were used in an assessment and exploration of these areas from two perspectives: areas in which we can engage the community by leveraging our business strengths, and areas related to the demands of society. As a result, the SUBARU Group selected People-oriented Car Culture, Resonance and Coexistence, Peace of Mind, and Diversity as the four areas where SUBARU could engage our communities by leveraging our business strengths, and Peace of Mind, Diversity, Environment, and Compliance as the four areas where the SUBARU Group could work to meet the demands of society. Peace of Mind and Diversity appear in both categories, because Peace of Mind is an area in which society’s needs and the strengths of the SUBARU Group’s business coincide, while Diversity refers not only to diversity in the community, but also to diversity in a broad sense, including in the products that the SUBARU Group offers to customers. In May 2021, SUBARU announced its progress report for mid-term management vision “STEP.” Its priority areas in this vision are fundamentally unchanged. Based on the SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy, SUBARU will promote initiatives in the Six Priority Areas for CSR on a group-wide, global basis with the goal of becoming a company “Delivering happiness to all.” SUBARU Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR In mid-term management vision “STEP,” which was developed in 2018, we at SUBARU envision becoming a company “Delivering happiness to all.” To achieve this vision, we have adopted the “Six Priority Areas for CSR” and will promote initiatives based on the SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy and to fulfill our corporate social responsibilities, thereby providing “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” to our customers and other stakeholders. The SUBARU Group aspires to be a truly global company with sustainable growth driven by each and every one of its employees, and to contribute to the realization of an enjoyable, sustainable society. Reflecting SUBARU Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR in Management SUBARU Board of Directors Executive Management Board Meeting Reflection in management Information disclosure Board of Directors and dialogue Six Priority Areas for CSR Resonance and Coexistence Peace of Mind Diversity Compliance SUBARU Group SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy Areas in which the Company can engage communities by leveraging its business strengths Priority areas selected from the business strategy perspective Areas related to the demands of society Priority areas selected from issues regarded as critical by experts and investors in North America and Japan Priorities specific to SUBARU Society’s expectations Stakeholders Environment People-oriented Car Culture Until recently, the SUBARU Group promoted various initiatives in line with its CSR Policy, revised in June 2009. However, to cope with changes in the social environment and in relationships with our stakeholders, we established the “SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy” in April 2020 as a guideline to be shared by all Group employees on a global basis. This Policy is applied to Subaru Corporation and all its subsidiaries. SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy SUBARU Global Sustainability Policy We, the SUBARU Group, are committed to sustainable business practices designed to promote harmony between people, society and the environment in the following ways: 1. Through our business activities, we will contribute to the resolution of various social issues, including the protection of the global environment, and to the creation of a sustainable society. 2. Respecting the quality and originality of our products, we will continue to provide SUBARU’s unique value using advanced technologies, and enrich the lives of all those involved with the SUBARU Group. 3. As a good corporate citizen in the international community, we respect human rights, diverse values and individuality, and treat all stakeholders with sincerity in every interaction. 4. We strive to maintain and advance the workplace environment so that employees can work safely in peace, and with a sense of satisfaction. 5. We respect international rules and the laws and regulations of each country and region, as well as local culture and customs, and pursue fair and transparent corporate governance. 6. We make use of dialogue with stakeholders to make management decisions, and disclose corporate information in a timely and proper manner. Six Priority Areas for CSR Basic Concepts Visions for 2025 Relevant SDGs People-oriented Car Culture SUBARU believes that a car is more than just a means of transport. SUBARU will foster a sustainable mobility culture by providing customers with added value in the form of products and services which make the car a partner that enriches people’s lives and minds, while cherishing the human emotions of “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind.” Become a company that enriches people’s lives and minds as a partner. Resonance and Coexistence SUBARU will become a company that is trusted by, and resonates and coexists with, both individual customers and society as a whole by engaging seriously with their voices through greater person-to- person communication. Become a company that is widely trusted by, resonates and coexists with society. Peace of Mind SUBARU will become a company that provides all stakeholders with the utmost peace of mind. Become a company that provides the utmost peace of mind to all stakeholders. Diversity The SUBARUu Group’s approach to promoting diversity has two key elements: offering products that respect diverse forms of market value, and respecting and reflecting the diverse values of all those who work for the SUBARU Group. Promote businesses that create diverse forms of market values while respecting the diverse values of all people. Environment In order to pass on “The earth, the sky and nature,” SUBARU’s fields of business, to future generations, we provide utmost care to the environment with our company-wide activities. Cherish and protect the global environment—The earth, the sky and nature—through Group-wide activities. Compliance SUBARU will become a company that operates in accordance with laws, regulations, and societal norms, ensuring that our focus on compliance as a priority permeates throughout and is practiced by all those who work for the SUBARU Group. Act in good faith and become a company that is trusted by and resonates with society. The Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) for 2030 are development goals for achieving a sustainable future, and the SUBARU Group recognizes the importance of responding to these goals. By clarifying visions for 2025 regarding the Group’s Six Priority Areas for CSR, SUBARU will reinforce its efforts in each priority area and make positive contributions toward achieving the SDGs. Specifically, we acknowledge that the SUBARU Group’s initiative to achieve a goal of zero fatal traffic accidents* by 2030 contributes to Target 3.6 of the SDGs: “By 2020, halve the number of global deaths and injuries from road traffic accidents.” * Reducing to zero the number of fatal accidents occurring while a driver or passenger is in a SUBARU vehicle and the number of fatalities among pedestrians, cyclists, and the like arising from collisions with a SUBARU vehicle. Six Priority Areas for CSR: Visions for 2025 and Relevant SDGs Human Rights Policy Green Procurement Guidelines SUBARU Environmental Policies Social Contribution Policy SUBARU Guidelines on Biodiversity Human Rights Policy Appendix Quality Policy Fundamental Procurement Policy SUBARU Supplier CSR Guidelines Responsible Mineral Procurement

[PAGE 15]
SUBARU is pursuing Quality Enhancement initiatives as a key theme of its mid-term management vision, “STEP”. We are promoting activities in three areas to achieve Quality Enhancement: 1) Thorough implementation of a “Quality- First” mindset and reinforcement of organizational efforts and structure, 2) Execution Quality enhancement, and 3) Innate Quality enhancement. While we have made steady progress in these areas, we have not been able to fully present our achievements to customers and dealerships. High quality is the bedrock of the brand and the source of the added-value strategy. We will continue to proactively promote Quality Enhancement and aim to produce results in a consistent manner. Quality Enhancement 1. Thorough Implementation of a “Quality-First” Mindset and Reinforcement of Organizational Efforts and Structure To establish the foundation for quality enhancement, we are reviewing our quality policy and renewing quality manuals to redefine SUBARU’s vision. We are also carrying out ongoing company-wide educational and reflection activities, such as Quality Caravan events and activities to prevent lessons learned in the past from fading away, to encourage renewed quality awareness among individual employees. 2. Execution Quality Enhancement This initiative aims to prevent the flow of defects downstream after the production preparation stage. We are promoting initiatives to rapidly implement measures to resolve defects that have occurred in the market, and improve the response speed of quality improvement. Specifically, we set up FAST*, a quality improvement team, to strengthen the quality assurance system and promote rapid issue resolution in North America. At the same time, we are working to establish the QA Lab at our Gunma Plant to enhance our ability to investigate the causes of defects, investigate defect trends using artificial intelligence (AI), and strengthen parts traceability. * FAST: Fast Action & Solution Team 3. Innate Quality Enhancement Innate Quality Enhancement involves reforming all processes from the initial planning stages to development and design. This allows us to ensure quality throughout the entire manufacturing process, from the earliest stages of development to production and distribution. Employees responsible for development will be given more authority and there will be a stronger focus on the use of stage gate project management for quality targets from the initial development stages. We are also changing development processes so that a project cannot proceed to the next stage until it has cleared the previous stage. Redefine goals Quality Policy revised for the first time in 25 years Full revision of the quality manual Quality awareness, reflection activities Quality Caravan events Company-wide efforts to prevent lessons learned in the past from fading away Increase in personnel Increase in Quality Assurance Division personnel by 50% over 3 years Accelerating Quality Enhancement in Three Areas, as a Top Priority Ensure quality from the very start of development down through component logistics and production Fully check past issues in development, production, and suppliers Identify changes in new parts and systems and prevent issues before they occur Clarify the quality responsibilities of the Project General Managers in charge of product development and enhance their authority Stricter development process where meeting criteria of each quality gate (checkpoint) is given top priority Construction of a new final vehicle inspection facility (partially operational as of August 2022) Swift response to quality issues North American quality team FAST Early detection of defect trends based on analysis using AI Direct gathering of quality data via telematics systems Early determination of the scope of affected parts with traceability systems New QA Lab facility for enhancing our capability to investigate defects 2 TOPICS New Final Vehicle Inspection Building At the Gunma Plant, we are reviewing processes and building and updating our Final Vehicle Inspection Buildings to implement more stringent final vehicle inspections. In August 2022, one of the three new final inspection buildings has launched its operations in Japan. Use of the facility will be expanded to other lines in the future. SUBARU will continue to strive to become the brand that is the preferred choice for our customers through quality that allows them to use our vehicles with peace of mind for many years to come. Corporate Culture Reforms From Individual Growth to Organizational Growth: the Human Resources Department and Corporate Planning Department will work together to accelerate reforms Based on our slogan for Corporate Culture Reforms, “Change mindset, change behavior, change the company,” we have continuously held company-wide activities, including various dialogues to share information about business challenges and learn about businesses outside the Company. Specifically, from FYE March 2022 we launched our Dialogue with the President and External Dialogue, which management leaders from other companies are invited to. These are held in addition to the existing Officer Speech Relay and Dialogue with General Managers Relay that began in FYE March 2020. We are steadily increasing these activities to change the mindset of individual employees and their behavior. The enhancement and utilization of IT tools was accelerated by the COVID-19 pandemic, providing the momentum that is helping to revitalize the organization by generating spontaneous company-wide communication spanning a range of departments and job positions. As a result, employees are feeling the effects of these changes, with Employee Attitudes Survey scores for “openness in the workplace” showing continuous improvement for the fourth straight year. Now that employees have become accustomed to thinking and acting on their own volition, from FYE March 2022 onward, we are implementing Corporate Culture Reform activities focused on the growth and development of individual employees, and we will boost engagement so that each employee can feel their growth and job satisfaction. In FYE March 2023, we have integrated Corporate Culture Reforms, formerly led by the Corporate Planning Department, with Workstyle Reforms and our Personnel Strategy led by the Human Resources Department, and those 2 departments will work together to accelerate efforts to boost the reforms. FYE March 2022 Results of Employee Attitudes Survey on Corporate Culture Reforms (Response rate: 94.7%) 0 10 20 30 40 50 60 70 80 90 100 FYE March 2022 UP 1.8 points Workplace communication feels active and open FYE March 2021 FYE March 2020 FYE March 2019 FYE March 2022 FYE March 2021 FYE March 2020 FYE March 2019 UP 3.8 points UP 8.3 points UP 2.7 points 61.1% 59.3% 55.5% 52.8% 13.7% 14.2% 16.9% 19.3% Down 0.5 points Down 2.7 points Down 2.4 points 0 10 20 30 40 50 60 70 80 90 100 UP 0.5 points Through activities, the workplace atmosphere shows signs of positive change and improvement UP 6.1 points UP 8.1 points UP 1.5 points 55.7% 55.2% 49.1% 47.6% 12.8% 12.3% 14.0% 17.3% Up 0.5 point Down 1.7 points Down 3.3 points Agree Somewhat disagree Disagree Somewhat agree Neither agree nor disagree (%) (%) Growth for SUBARU Development with a focus on individuals Corporate Culture Reforms Now! 2017-2020 2021 2022 2023- (FY) Strengthening individual growth by focusing on human resources Integration Linking organizational growth to SUBARU’s growth Delivering happiness to all Vision Improper conduct concerning final vehicle inspections A company open to new ideas COVID-19 Change mindset, change behavior, change the company Becoming a company that does the right thing in the right way https://www.subaru.co.jp/en/csr/social/quality_automobile.html For more information on Quality, visit: 3 Innate Quality Enhancement 1 Thorough Implementation of a Quality-First Mindset and Reinforcement of Organizational Efforts and Structure Execution Quality Enhancement Tatsuro Kobayashi, Senior Vice President, General Manager of Human Resources Department in charge of Corporate Culture Reforms (left) and Tomoaki Emori, Senior Vice President, Chief General Manager of Corporate Planning Division (right) Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 26 27 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data Mid-term Management Vision “STEP”: Progress of Key Initiatives

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation
[TABLE] 61.1% | 13.7%
[TABLE] 59.3% | 14.2%
[TABLE] 55.5% | 16.9%
[TABLE] 52.8% | 19.3%
[TABLE] 55.7% | 12.8%
[TABLE] 55.2% | 12.3%
[TABLE] 49.1% | 14.0%
[TABLE] 47.6% | 17.3%
[TABLE] TOPICS
[TABLE] Development with
a focus on individuals
[TABLE] nge the company
[TABLE] Change mindset, change behavior, cha | nge the company
[TABLE] COVID | - | 19
[TABLE] A company open to new ideas
Becoming a company that does
the right thing in the right way
Improper conduct concerning
final vehicle inspections | A company open to new ideas | Culture Reforms
[TABLE] Improper conduct concerning
final vehicle inspections

[PAGE 16]
Following the domestic market launch of EyeSight X, which offers enhanced features that provide greater safety and comfort when traveling on roads specifically designated for automobiles, in 2022 we added a new wide-angle single-lens camera capable of recognizing objects in a wider area to our Outback model for North America. We will improve Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) to further avoid and mitigate accidents, and reduce at-fault traffic accidents. For no-fault accidents, we will aim to achieve zero- fatality road safety by 2030 by strengthening our existing four safety performance areas and adding Connected Safety in the form of our Advanced Automatic Collision Notification (AACN) system. In our mid-term management vision “STEP” announced in 2018, we declared our goal of working toward zero-fatality road safety*1 by 2030, attaching particular importance to protecting lives. SUBARU will enhance the safety performance of its cars from every perspective as we aim to achieve zero-fatality road safety by 2030. We will do this by making the four existing areas of Primary Safety, Active Safety, Preventive Safety, and Passive Safety even better, while also adding Connected Safety. SUBARU’s All-Around Safety SUBARU vehicles undergo safety performance testing and assessment by public organizations inside and outside of Japan, including JNCAP*2 in Japan, IIHS*3 in the U.S., Euro NCAP*4 in Europe, and ANCAP*5 in Australia, and have gained the highest rank of assessment in most of them. In FYE March 2022, the new Legacy Outback won the JNCAP Five Star Vehicle Safety Performance 2021 Award, the highest rating in the JNCAP. This is the second consecutive year that we have earned this highest rating, following last year’s win by the Levorg. At the IIHS, as of May 2022, six of SUBARU’s 2022MY (model year) vehicles had won the organization’s 2022 TOP SAFETY PICK+ (TSP+) Award, and two vehicles had won its 2022 TSP Award. In addition, SUBARU’s Ascent and Forester were selected for the IIHS Seat Belt Reminder evaluation test, a program launched in March 2022. Both vehicles received the highest rating of “Good.” Euro NCAP and ANCAP both gave the Outback a five-star rating in their 2021 assessments. *2 JNCAP (Japan New Car Assessment Program): A car assessment program conducted by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism and the National Agency for Automotive Safety and Victim’s Aid (NASVA) *3 IIHS: Insurance Institute for Highway Safety *4 Euro NCAP: European New Car Assessment Programme, a safety information disclosure program for automobiles in Europe *5 ANCAP: Australasian New Car Assessment Program, a safety performance assessment program conducted since 1993 by an independent organization created by Australian and New Zealand transit authorities Car Assessments Aim for zero fatal road accidents by 2030. Contribute toward achieving a carbon-free society with SUBARU strengths and technological innovation. Further advance our technologies to deliver “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind.” Maintain the SUBARU difference even in the age of vehicle electrification. SUBARU’s Future Direction Basic design features for avoiding accidents Increasing driving safety through basic design features such as car shape and controls Designing for visibility Driving position Interfaces The ultimate in driving performance for greater safety Facilitating hazard avoidance by improving the performance of basic car functions: driving, turning, and stopping Horizontally-opposed engine Symmetrical AWD SUBARU Global Platform An extra level of safety, just in case Protecting both passengers and pedestrians Engine layout SUBARU Global Platform Pedestrian protection airbag Advanced technology that supports safe driving Supporting safe driving by helping avoid collisions and reduce damage EyeSight To save even more lives 24-hour/365-day access to rapid emergency assistance Advanced Automatic Collision Notification (AACN) system Primary Safety Active Safety Preventive Safety Passive Safety Connected Safety Safe situation Hazardous situation Spread of damage Collision Accident Preemptive accident avoidance Damage reduction during an accident Present Caused by other vehicles Caused by own vehicle Caused by other vehicles 65% reduction Caused by own vehicle 35% reduction Down to zero fatal traffic accidents by 2030 ADAS enhancement Advanced Driver-Assistance Systems AACN utilization Advanced Automatic Collision Notification Continual improvement of passive safety Plan to Achieve Zero-Fatality Road Safety *1 Zero fatal road accidents occurring while a driver or passenger in a SUBARU vehicle and the number of fatalities among pedestrians, cyclists, and the like arising from collisions with a SUBARU vehicle. *6 In the IIHS’s publication of vehicle safety information, the TOP SAFETY PICK (TSP) Award is given to vehicles that earn the rating of “Good” for all test results including the Offset Frontal Test, the Driver-side Small Overlap Front Test, the Passenger-side Small Overlap Front Test, the Side Crash Test, the Rear Impact Test, and the Rollover Test and the rating of “Acceptable” or higher in the Headlight Evaluation, as well as the rating of“Advanced” or higher in the vehicle-to-vehicle and vehicle-to-pedestrian tests. In addition to these ratings, vehicles which have standard equipped headlights that are rated “Acceptable” or higher are awarded the TOP SAFETY PICK+ (TSP+) Award. Vehicle Safety Performance JNCAP Best Award 2021 JNCAP Five Star Award 2021 Legacy Outback Euro NCAP, Europe ANCAP, Australia JNCAP, Japan IIHS, U.S. IIHS, U.S. Outback 2022 model year editions of the Crosstrek Hybrid, Legacy, Outback, Forester, Ascent, and BRZ (equipped with EyeSight) (as of May 2022) (U.S. models only) 2022 model year editions of the Impreza (5-door) and Crosstrek (all equipped with EyeSight and specific headlights) (U.S. models only) 2022 TSP+ Award *6 2022 TSP Award *6 Recent Awards Assessment Model Organization Outback (U.S.-specification models only) (U.S.-specification models only) 2021 Five-star rating 2021 Five-star rating Evolution of the SUBARU Difference Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 28 29 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation
[TABLE] Caused
by other
vehicles
[TABLE] Caused
by
own
vehicle
[TABLE] 65
%
reduction
[TABLE] Caused
by other
vehicles
[TABLE] Caused by
own
vehicle
[TABLE] Preem
accid
avoid | ptive
ent
ance

[PAGE 17]
Evolution of the SUBARU Difference Environmental efforts with commitment to enhancing the SUBARU difference CO2 reduction roadmap By the 1st half of the 2030s Apply electrification technologies *11 to all SUBARU vehicles *10 sold worldwide. 2050 Reduce average well-to-wheel CO2 emissions from new vehicles sold worldwide by at least 90% compared to 2010 levels. We will continue to enhance the SUBARU Difference in the age of electrification and accelerate the roadmap toward 2050. *10 Excluding models supplied by OEMs *11 Refers to technology that boosts the use of electrical power, such as EVs and HEVs SUBARU will contribute to a zero-carbon society by demonstrating the SUBARU difference through distinctiveness and technological innovation. Specifically, our plan is to ensure that at least 40% of SUBARU global sales are battery electric vehicles (BEVs) *7 and hybrid electric vehicles (HEVs) by 2030. We also aim to apply electric powertrain technology to all new SUBARU vehicles sold worldwide by the early 2030s. By 2050, we aim to reduce well-to-wheel*8 CO2 emissions by 90% or more*9 compared to 2010 levels. Contributing to the Achievement of a Carbon-Free Society by Further Enhancing the SUBARU Difference The SOLTERRA is SUBARU’s first global BEV that is packed with “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind”, carefully cultivated by our company over many years. Customers can choose this environmentally friendly and practical model with the same peace of mind as previous SUBARU vehicles. This development project was carried out jointly with Toyota Motor Corporation (hereinafter, “Toyota”). During the process of creating a truly outstanding vehicle, both companies knew the SOLTERRA would serve as the foundation for future SUBARU BEV models, and made a firm commitment to create a BEV that would feel like any other SUBARU model to customers. Under the motto, “Let’s fight nice and friendly,” both companies engaged on an equal footing. Rather than compromise, we held repeated discussions with Toyota’s team, which, as a result, enabled us to fully realize SUBARU’s unique approach to car manufacturing. Although it is difficult to precisely predict the timing of the large-scale transition to BEVs that is expected to arrive in the future, we are planning a strategic reorganization of our domestic production system to ensure that we can respond to this change. We are considering starting in-house production of BEVs (around 2025 is our target) and adding a specialized BEV production line after 2027 to increase the number of models and units. Additionally, we are steadily working to use the next-generation e-BOXER system, which uses the TOYOTA Hybrid System (THS), on our horizontally-opposed engine, in several models. During the transition period to BEVs, we will establish a flexible system that can also produce gasoline and hybrid vehicles to achieve even more highly efficient BEV production, with the aim of improving our business performance. We will continue to provide products which satisfy our customers while carefully monitoring trends related to the market and environmental regulations, as well as the convenience of BEVs, including infrastructure. Reorganization Plan for Our Domestic Production System *7 BEV: Battery electric vehicle *8 Well-to-Wheel: Approach to calculating CO2 emissions including the emissions produced by the generation of electricity to be used by EVs and other vehicles *9 Reducing total CO2 emissions calculated based on the fuel efficiency (notified value) of all SUBARU automobiles sold across the world in 2050 by 90% or more relative to 2010 levels. Changes in the sales quantity due to changes in the market environment will be taken into consideration, while minor changes such as driving distance will not. The AWD system, unique to BEVs, uses separate motors to drive the front and rear wheels. This system leverages technology built up by SUBARU over the years for exerting precise control of all four tires, and superior responsiveness and flexible front-rear power distribution afforded only by a motor. This achieves excellent driving stability that uses the gripping force of all four wheels to their maximum potential. A notable feature of the newly developed e-SUBARU Global Platform is the partial integration of the battery in the frame, which achieves more strength and rigidity than ever before. This contributes to better handling stability and allows drivers to enjoy the driving quality of a SUBARU. The structural architecture efficiently absorbs collision energy to thoroughly protect not just the passengers, but also various electronic components. At test driving events for automotive journalists held in Japan, the U.S., and Europe, many drivers said they were able to actually feel the SUBARU difference. Going forward, we will pay close attention to feedback from our customers and link it to our future BEV strategy. Strategic reorganization of domestic production for the expansion and acceleration of electrified vehicle development 2022 Mid-2020s 2027 and beyond SOLTERRA released (Production launch through the alliance) Adding dedicated BEV production line BEV HEV Starting in-house BEV production (Starting with ICE/BEV mixed production line) Introducing next-generation HEV models (Adopting THS* technology) *THS: TOYOTA Hybrid System New Model BEV—SOLTERRA Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 30 31 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data With highly responsive electric motors, SUBARU’s AWD capability and driving dynamics will be further enhanced. Contribute toward achieving carbon neutrality 2030 Make at least 40% of SUBARU global sales BEVs or HEVs.

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation
[TABLE] BEV | SOLTERRA released
(Production launch through the alliance)
[TABLE] Starting in-house BEV production (Starting with ICE/BEV mixed production line)
Adding dedicated BEV
production line
[TABLE] HEV | Introducing next-generation HEV models (Adopting THS* technology)
*THS: TOYOTA Hybrid System

[PAGE 18]
Human Resource Development In April 2021, we launched a new personnel system that encourages employees to take on new challenges. The three points below outline our organizational ideals under the new personnel system. We will achieve the organizational cultural reforms promoted by our mid-term management vision “STEP”, and strive to change the mindsets and behaviors of our employees. New Personnel System We intend to achieve continued sustainable growth for the SUBARU Group amid a rapidly changing business environment. In order to do so, it is important to cultivate human resources who think and act individually in response to various changes. We will boost employee engagement by promoting the training of human resources who will lead SUBARU in the future to fulfill our vision of “Delivering happiness to all”, and link individual growth to organizational growth. SUBARU aims to train human resources who can act autonomously and play a leading role in creating change. We are also developing a corporate culture that encourages individual employees to develop their own careers and take on new challenges in an environment that allows diverse human resources to play an active role. Specific examples include the introduction of a new personnel system, training program, and open-call job rotation in FYE March 2022. These initiatives will raise each employee’s motivation and satisfaction, which will lead to greater employee engagement. We are also working to boost corporate value by achieving a deeper level of empathy with SUBARU’s philosophy of becoming a source of fulfillment and pride. Human Resource Development that Encourages Employees to be Autonomous and take on New Challenges to Achieve their Goals SUBARU promotes various initiatives where the ideal employee is defined as someone who continues to take on new challenges independently based on their affinity with SUBARU’s philosophy. Career training and career support We provide career training as an opportunity for each employee to take a look back at their career progression. They analyze their current strengths and weaknesses so they can develop their careers autonomously. Employees visualize and share where they want to be and what they want to achieve in the next three to 10 years using a career design sheet. We also offer career management training and career consultations for managers so that they can receive support for their career development from their workplaces and supervisors. Autonomous skill development programs SUBARU offers a range of programs to assist with business skill development for all employees, including regular employees and management-level personnel. Programs can be chosen according to the employee’s skill level and their reason for acquiring additional skills. We provide support to employees so that they can think independently and choose the skill development they need based on their personal career plan and their individual strengths and weaknesses. We are also proactively utilizing external seminars to increase opportunities to learn and connect with people outside the Company to gain new insights. As a result of these efforts, the score for “Opportunities for improving abilities” in the Employee Attitudes Survey in FYE March 2022 improved significantly by more than six points compared to the previous fiscal year. SUBARU offers training for selected managers and mid-level employees with the aim of continually fostering the next generation of managerial talent. Open-call job rotation SUBARU introduced an open-call job rotation system in FYE March 2022 as a scheme to support employees in developing their ideal careers. Many departments are already making use of this system. Employees can choose to apply for positions available in each department (open calls include job description, conditions, etc.) If both parties agree to the conditions of employment, the employee is transferred to their new position. This system leads to improved motivation as employees utilize their skills and acquire knowledge in new areas. Each of these initiatives are promoted throughout the SUBARU Group, and are being carried out at affiliated companies around the world in accordance with regional characteristics. Diversity Capability improvements (investment in training) Job rotation system to ensure the right person is in the right position Company policies and messaging Challenges Job satisfaction and fulfillment Improvement activities in the workplace Expansion of work styles and enhancement of workplace environments Appropriate evaluations and compensation Fostering a better corporate culture Enhancing corporate value Boosting engagement Individual growth Organizational growth Identifying with our corporate philosophy Encouraging autonomy Scheme for Autonomous Career Development and Career Support in the Workplace Individual career analysis Career support in the workplace and from supervisors Encouraging employees to take on challenges independently Career design sheet* Career interview New careers * Targeted at section leader-level employees in FYE March 2022, and at all back-office employees in FYE March 2023 Career training Skill development (autonomous) Open-call job rotation Strategic job rotation 1. Employees who take on new challenges can grow and succeed 2. Evaluations and treatment are fair and commensurate with work 3. Human resources with a diverse set of abilities can succeed —from Individual Growth to Organizational Growth <Main initiatives of the new personnel system> We are promoting the following five actions as the main measures of the new personnel system: 1) Introduce a personnel system that enables faster promotions and personnel selection than before by focusing on results achieved by taking on challenges, rather than age or experience 2) Revise the pay system into a more dynamic scheme by discouraging seniority-based pay, encouraging pay rises by rising through ranks, and paying bonuses based on results 3) Introduce a specialist system aimed at boosting the technical capabilities and motivation of engineers 4) Introduce a new re-employment system that promotes the active participation of diverse human resources, including seniors, in active roles 5) Abolish the executive age limit for management-level personnel, and introduce a system that appoints them based on performance and ability Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 32 33 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation
[TABLE] Human Resource Development—from Individual Growth to Organizational Growth
We intend to achieve continued sustainable growth for the SUBARU Group amid a rapidly changing business
environment. In order to do so, it is important to cultivate human resources who think and act individually in
response to various changes.
We will boost employee engagement by promoting the training of human resources who will lead SUBARU in
the future to fulfill our vision of “Delivering happiness to all”, and link individual growth to organizational growth.
Diversity
Appropriate evaluations and compensation Capability improvements (investment in training)
Expansion of work styles and enhancement of workplace environments Job rotation system to ensure the right person is in the right position
Company policies and messaging Improvement activities in the workplace
Fostering a better
corporate culture
Boosting
engagement
Organizational Individual
growth growth
Enhancing
corporate value Encouraging autonomy
I dentifying with our
Challenges corporate philosophy
[TABLE] Job satisfaction and
fulfillment
SUBARU aims to train human resources who can act autonomously and play a leading role in creating change. We are
also developing a corporate culture that encourages individual employees to develop their own careers and take on new
challenges in an environment that allows diverse human resources to play an active role. Specific examples include the
introduction of a new personnel system, training program, and open-call job rotation in FYE March 2022. These initiatives
will raise each employee’s motivation and satisfaction, which will lead to greater employee engagement. We are also
working to boost corporate value by achieving a deeper level of empathy with SUBARU’s philosophy of becoming a
[TABLE] Individual career analysis
[TABLE] Career support in the workplace
[TABLE] and from supervisors
[TABLE] Encouraging employees to take
[TABLE] on challenges independently

[PAGE 19]
Communication, Open culture Pride in the company Fulfillment from work Identifying with the corporate philosophy Opportunities for improving abilities Work-life balance 53 56 59 61 59 64 66 57 47 49 50 56 64 70 73 74 51 56 58 59 62 63 67 66 FYE March 2019 FYE March 2020 FYE March 2021 FYE March 2022 The SUBARU Group aims to continue creating the unique value provided by the SUBARU brand. To achieve this goal, SUBARU employees with a diverse range of individual characteristics and values need to be able to fully utilize their own unique talents. This is why SUBARU respects diversity in the form of gender, nationality, culture, and lifestyle, and strives to create a positive workplace environment for everyone. In addition, SUBARU’s affiliated companies in Japan and overseas promote initiatives in accordance with the business domain of each company and regional characteristics. In January 2015, we established the Diversity Promotion Office to facilitate active participation by all human resources including female employees, mid-career hires, and foreign national employees. This office strives to create employee- friendly workplace environments, place the right human resources in the right positions, develop human resources, and facilitate promotions to managerial positions. The office recognizes that promoting active roles for female employees is a top priority. Efforts are being made to create work environments where all human resources can work in an enthusiastic manner. In 2020, we began holding regular online seminars by outside speakers on topics such as LGBT issues and the employment of people with disabilities. In 2021, we set up an external hotline for consultation about LGBT-related issues. Empowerment of female employees SUBARU is working to promote active roles for female employees by establishing Support for Balancing Work and Childcare and Support for Career Development as the two pillars of its action plan that will continue until March 2026. We are also supporting the health of female employees so that they can continue working throughout various life events. We aim to more than double the number of female employees in managerial positions by 2025 compared with the level in 2021. As of the end of March 2022, 24 of the 1,113 employees in managerial positions were women. We also established the Women’s Leadership Program (WLP) to develop our human resources. Female employees seeking managerial positions share their career plans, goals, and challenges, and the program then provides guidance and training tailored to each individual. We are working to empower women to develop their own unique careers, including providing training for female leaders by establishing a career training system for all women at our company, from young employees to managers. We are also holding health seminars for employees and their managers to promote better awareness about physical changes that women experience at particular ages and phases in their lives. Through these efforts and unconscious bias training, we are working to develop a corporate culture and workplace environment that facilitates active participation by everyone, allowing each person to make the most of their individual abilities. Foreign national employees The SUBARU Group hires human resources best suited to the policies and business activities of each location, regardless of their nationality. SUBARU employs 87 foreign nationals as of the end of March 2022. There are two foreign national employees in managerial posts at manufacturing and engineering departments. We will continue to hire foreign nationals based on their individual capabilities and qualities, and promote them to managerial positions without discrimination. Mid-career hires SUBARU has been actively promoting mid-career recruitment in recent years to respond to changes in the business environment and achieve sustainable growth. There were 4,059 mid-career hires working as regular employees as of the end of March 2022, and 164 of them were in management positions. A total of 996 people were hired as mid-career recruits during the five-year period starting in 2017. In addition to active recruitment, we conduct regular surveys after the 1st, 3rd, 6th, and 12th month of employment, and provide follow-up support to mid-career hires after they join the Company. Follow-up support includes support and on-demand education provided by the HR department with cooperation from the workplace. In addition, we established SUBARU Lab, an AI development base in Shibuya,Tokyo, where a cluster of IT companies are located, in December 2020 as part of an initiative to enable smooth and targeted hiring of human resources required for AI development. As of May 2022, nine people had been recruited as mid-career hires. We will continue to hire new graduates and mid-career human resources based on individual capabilities and qualities, and promote them to managerial positions without discrimination. Diversity Management Employee Attitudes Survey This survey has been conducted every year since FYE March 2018 with the purpose of creating a company where employees are happy and everyone can work in a vibrant and energetic atmosphere. It uses data to objectively understand changes in employee attitudes and changes in the workplace environment, while also gathering opinions from our employees. After the improper conduct related to the final vehicle inspection issues in 2017, scores for items such as “Fulfillment from work” and “Pride in the company” dropped sharply. This is why we use the Employee Attitudes Survey to verify the effectiveness of our initiatives to change the corporate culture, enhance quality, and create workplace environments that are open to new ideas. The survey results are reported to senior executive management, and are also utilized to identify problems and formulate countermeasures at each of our workplaces. In FYE March 2022, 16,536 people, 94.7% of all regular employees, responded to the survey. The scores showed an overall upward trend compared to FYE March 2021, and the score related to “Opportunities for improving abilities” rose dramatically as an effect of introducing the new personnel system and educational programs. Employee engagement (employee satisfaction rating) is a rating in the Employee Attitudes Survey that reflects fulfillment from work and pride in the company. We are implementing various initiatives aimed at boosting this rating to 70% by 2025. From FYE March 2023, compensation for directors will be subject to an employee engagement rating (employee satisfaction rating) as a qualitative (non-financial) evaluation criterion. Efforts to Boost Employee Engagement Results of the Employee Attitudes Survey Percentage of employees who responded positively (%) Note 1: ”Communication, Open culture” is the same item as “Communications in the workplace are lively and the workplace feels open” under “Organizational Culture Reforms” on page 26 of the Employee Attitudes Survey results for FYE March 2022. Note 2: The results represent selected questions from the Employee Attitudes Survey Implementation of Various Measures Related to both “Fulfillment from Work” and “Pride in the Company” Initiatives to boost engagement Workplace environments, etc. Health management Responses to new work styles Wages Welfare and benefits Senior executive management Management level General employees Various Initiatives Aimed at an Employee Engagement Rating (Employee Satisfaction Rating) of 70% by 2025 *Team Window: An initiative for building a more robust organization by conveying information and facilitating discussion among members representing all departments Employee engagement Fulfillment from work Management by supervisors and interpersonal relations Opportunities for improving abilities 49 42 46 50 50 Pride in the company Identifying with the corporate philosophy Keeping up with changes at SUBARU 2017 40 30 50 2018 2019 2025 2021 2020 60 70 80 (%) (Year) 70% Target for 2025 Results of the Employee Attitudes Survey Percentage of those who feel both pride in the company and fulfillment from their work https://www.subaru.co.jp/en/csr/social/resources/diversity.html Please visit the Subaru website for details on human resources and diversity.  Message from the President  Executive engagement declaration (includes KPIs)  Use of Employee Engagement for evaluations of director compensation (employee satisfaction evaluation)  Ongoing communication of future strategy  Dialogue with the President Facilitation and coaching training Company-wide disclosure of Employee Attitudes Survey results and employee engagement rating (employee satisfaction rating) by department/office (planned) Career interviews Visualization within the talent management system SUBARU Vision Awareness Program Enhance understanding of SUBARU through Team Window* Smile Up Project Activities in cooperation with labor unions Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 34 35 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation
[TABLE] Initiatives to boost engagement
[TABLE] Senior executive management Management level General employees
Message from the President Facilitation and coaching training
Executive engagement declaration (includes KPIs) Company-wide disclosure of Employee Attitudes SUBARU Vision Awareness Program
Use of Employee Engagement for evaluations of Survey results and employee engagement rating Enhance understanding of SUBARU through
director compensation (employee satisfaction (employee satisfaction rating) by department/office Team Window*
evaluation) (planned) Smile Up Project
Ongoing communication of future strategy Career interviews Activities in cooperation with labor unions
Dialogue with the President Visualization within the talent management system
Workplace environments, etc.
Health management Responses to new work styles Wages Welfare and benefits
[TABLE] Senior executive management
Message from the President
Executive engagement declaration (includes KPIs)
Use of Employee Engagement for evaluations of
director compensation (employee satisfaction
evaluation)
Ongoing communication of future strategy
Dialogue with the President | Management level
Facilitation and coaching training
Company-wide disclosure of Employee Attitudes
Survey results and employee engagement rating
(employee satisfaction rating) by department/office
(planned)
Career interviews
Visualization within the talent management system | General employees
SUBARU Vision Awareness Program
Enhance understanding of SUBARU through
Team Window*
Smile Up Project
Activities in cooperation with labor unions
[TABLE] Workplace environments, etc.
Health management Responses to new work styles Wages Welfare and benefits

[PAGE 20]
To achieve its vision of a company that delivers happiness to all, SUBARU is promoting health management initiatives along with occupational health and safety activities so that all employees can maintain their health, well-being, and enthusiasm as they work, while also taking on challenges and achieving growth. SUBARU is implementing these actions based on the belief that the health of employees and their families is the foundation of all our business operations. SUBARU is also working on activities to provide a more comfortable working environment, such as supporting the physical and mental health of its employees as well as building a healthy organization and promoting flexible working styles. SUBARU Health Declaration Purpose In pursuit of becoming a company “Delivering happiness to all” and based on our Global Sustainability Policy of “striving to maintain and advance the workplace environment so that employees can work safely in peace, and with a sense of satisfaction,” SUBARU CORPORATION, the Subaru Labor Union, and the Subaru Health Insurance Association jointly released the Health Declaration in October 2020 with the intent that the three parties work in unison toward health. Health Declaration To build happiness for our employees and their families, we need a foundation of mental and physical health. SUBARU works with its employees to promote health and preventive care, taking on the challenge of building workplaces full of smiles and enabling growth. Representative Director, President and CEO, SUBARU CORPORATION Tomomi Nakamura Executive Chairman, Subaru Labor Union Minoru Yamagish President, Subaru Health Insurance Association Tatsuro Kobayashi Established October 2020 SUBARU is strengthening initiatives to prevent harassment and to promote workplace culture reforms as the foundation of a company that is open to new ideas. We conduct intensive awareness-raising activities to boost momentum for creating harassment-free workplaces, in conjunction with the No Workplace Harassment Month held every December by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare. Specifically, we hold study sessions as part of our workplace management where opinions are exchanged and action statements are made about measures to prevent and mitigate power harassment. SUBARU considers health improvement activities to be a management issue, and has reported on progress, issues, and measures related to health management at Board meetings since FYE March 2021. Throughout the year, we communicate this information to all employees using internal newsletters, and notices on measures to promote health. SUBARU, labor unions, and the health insurance labor union cooperate in perpetuating a plan-do-check-act (PDCA) cycle with employees by visualizing issues related to the three elements of health management: physical health, mental health, and organizational health. Maintaining health boosts productivity, which leads to benefits such as employees’ ability to continue working actively in the workplace, and the ability to secure talented human resources in the future. It also boosts employee engagement on both counts of work fulfillment and achieving a comfortable workplace, thereby fostering a healthy work culture. Promoting Health Management Overview of SUBARU health management Main initiatives for health management Initiatives to prevent harassment Health management Legal and regulatory compliance Safety considerations Health management Physical health Organizational health Mental health Strategic implementation Promoted in conjunction with work style reforms Promotion Focus Benefits Elimination of productivity drops caused by health issues Employees can work happily to the age of 65 directly on the factory floor Better ability to secure talented human resources Three elements Elements Health policies and targets Health issues Key initiatives for FYE March 2023 Physical health Regular health checkup rate: 100% Follow-up examination rate: 100% Priority prevention for those at high risk Physical training to enable work on the factory floor until age 65 Boosting rate of follow-up medical examinations and follow ups on medical examinations by providing medical records Implementing measures to reduce BMI (obesity index) (raising awareness through various seminars and the use of body composition scans) Measuring physical strength, and implementing exercise programs and taking measures to prevent musculoskeletal disorders Adding female-specific cancers to regular health check items, and providing support for the top five cancers Expanding online specific health guidance Promoting quit smoking seminars and subsidies for online smoking cessation clinics to achieve no smoking on premises by FYE March 2026 Offering well-balanced nutritional lunch meals low in calories and salt in all company cafeterias Boosting the cancer screening rate Specific health guidance rate: 20% Strengthening of health guidance Reducing the percentage of smokers to 28% Mental health Rate of employees receiving stress checks: 95% or more Mental health survey Visualization of the employee’s mental state Early detection, preventive action Utilizing stress checks (Workplace Improvement Promotion Section), mental health surveys* (identifying personal characteristics and diagnosing employee mental health status) for management purposes *Currently being gradually introduced to back- office departments throughout the company Strengthening cooperation between supervisors, the employee experiencing health issues, and industrial health staff through various training and health activities Consultations with industrial health staff and training promotion Organizational health Responses to new work styles Optimization of working hours Productivity enhancement Work-life balance/ securing time away from work Implementation of hybrid work styles (working in conjunction with office reforms and creating opportunities for employees to gather and communicate) Re-emphasizing labor management A corporate culture that encourages new challenges and new ideas Ensuring psychological safety Strengthening communication Creating comfortable workplaces through activities that praise, recognize, and show appreciation to employees Activities to revitalize informal communication Harassment prevention activities Outcome index Health management goals Reducing absenteeism Reducing presenteeism Boosting engagement Improving mental safety in the workplace Attracts people through enthusiasm, and becomes the driving power of a healthy company (work fulfillment) Boosts work-life balance, and allows employees to concentrate on work (comfortable working environment) Fosters a healthy culture Corporate culture open to new ideas Purpose FYE March 2023 plan Awareness-raising activities Building awareness Sharing know-how  Creating an environment where employees can identify issues and make corrections on a mutual basis  Initiatives for the company-wide No Workplace Harassment Month (December) Study groups for each department and personal declarations Organizational declarations and employee behavior surveys  Anger management training Prevention and mitigation Prevention by utilizing peer input Restoring order within the business Individual responses through the harassment consultation desk and compliance hotline Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 36 37 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation
[TABLE] Regular health
checkup rate:
100%
Follow-up
examination rate:
100%
[TABLE] Boosting the
cancer screening
rate
[TABLE] Specific health
guidance rate:
20%
Strengthening of
health guidance
[TABLE] Reducing the
percentage of
smokers to 28%
[TABLE] Rate of employees
receiving stress
checks:
95% or more
Mental health
survey
[TABLE] Consultations with
industrial health
staff and training
promotion
[TABLE] Responses to new
work styles
[TABLE] A corporate
culture that
encourages new
challenges and
new ideas
[TABLE] Awareness-raising
activities
[TABLE] Prevention and
mitigation
[TABLE] Purpose
[TABLE] Building awareness
Sharing know-how
Creating an environment where employees
can identify issues and make corrections on
a mutual basis
[TABLE] Prevention by utilizing peer input
Restoring order within the business

[PAGE 21]
The SDA focuses on training engineers with these qualities in order to continue implementing SUBARU’s unique approach to car-making. The SDA is comprised of members from various departments involved in development. Drivers at the SDA hone their assessment and management skills as they acquire the highest level of driving skills possible. They also work to establish car manufacturing that transcends organizational barriers. SUBARU provides value to its customers in the form of Enjoyment and Peace of Mind. We believe we can achieve sustainable growth and further enhance our corporate value by building even stronger relationships with customers who feel an affinity with our pursuit of SUBARU’s unique approach to car-making. Toyota Motor Corporation (hereinafter, “Toyota”) also races in the ST-Q class with the GR86, which was jointly developed with the BRZ. Racing includes elements of both collaboration and competition. We worked together with Toyota to develop body reinforcements for racing vehicles and a new fuel tank, and the GR86 has the same basic specifications as the BRZ. SUBARU equips its racing vehicles with EyeSight to aim for “zero fatal road accidents by 2030”. EyeSight image data collected under harsh racing conditions will allow us to further enhance the recognition performance of EyeSight for production vehicles. On race day, both companies put everything they can into the race as they compete to claim victory. SUBARU uses motorsports to make even better cars, to attract new fans, and to develop human resources. SUBARU Driving Academy: Training engineers who can drive, feel, consider, and quantify SUBARU development: Our engineers’ dedication to one project is our strength Quantify Drive Feel Consider Driving skill Measuring skill Logical thinking Assessment skill SUBARU does not employ dedicated test drivers because our engineers assess all of our cars in the development stage. Our engineers want to deliver products that make our customers satisfied, so they drive our cars while assessing sensory qualities that are difficult to express numerically, such as Enjoyment and Peace of Mind. They then reflect their observations in the design drawings after studying their observations theoretically. SUBARU’s strength comes from having the same engineer handle the entire process of driving, feeling, considering, and quantifying instead of dividing it among multiple staff. This is the purpose of the SUBARU Driving Academy (SDA). It exists to further refine these skills to allow the creation of even better cars. SUBARU races in the ST-Q class, a special class open to automakers whose purpose is to develop technologies and vehicles that can provide feedback for production vehicles. As electrification advances, SUBARU is not limiting itself to a single option to contribute to the achievement of a zero-carbon society. We believe that our Company needs to manufacture cars that address changes in society and the environment, as well as the needs of our customers. The use of CN fuels increases the probability of being able to maintain the use of SUBARU’s proprietary horizontally-opposed engine. Super Taikyu: Racing with Carbon-Neutral Fuels SUBARU started participating in an endurance race, Super Taikyu*1 (S-Taikyu, Super Endurance) with a production vehicle modified for racing. The Team SDA Engineering BRZ CNF Concept aims to achieve carbon-neutral driving and expand carbon-neutral options. The project is intended to assist in developing the next generation of engineers. SUBARU races with the SUBARU BRZ using carbon-neutral fuels*2 (CN fuels). The development of racing vehicles focuses on training engineers who can oversee development of the entire vehicle, as well as the development of future technologies. The SDA draws members from various departments within the Engineering Headquarters. Many participants are younger employees in their third or fourth year at SUBARU. The development of racing vehicles proceeds at an incredibly fast pace, much faster than the development of regular mass produced vehicles. We hope that allowing our engineers to experience the speed of the verification process for racing vehicles will further enhance our human resource development. SUBARU’s automotive development is competing with both Japanese manufacturers and overseas manufacturers. Training engineers is essential to outperform the competition. It is also important for engineers to experience the disappointment of losing a race and understand how difficult it is to win. This helps to instill the fighting spirit they need to overcome challenges. Often, clear sensory differences felt by the driver do not show up in figures acquired using conventional measurement methods. At the SDA, we do not limit ourselves to conventional measurement methods. Instead, we focus on probing deeper into the mechanism behind the issue and what we can measure to identify the cause. Drivers train to sharpen their senses so they can feel differences when driving. They then probe deeper into the mechanisms behind the differences they feel. This increases the number of elements that can be quantified numerically, and these elements are then incorporated into development. By perpetuating this cycle, we can quantify elements that cause people to feel Enjoyment and Peace of Mind numerically. This expands the development of those elements beyond the realm of hardware and into the realm of control software development. The final result is a car that allows customers to feel the SUBARU difference, regardless of the model or type of power unit. *1 An endurance race where race cars are built to specific regulations and divided into classes for competition. Vehicles include production vehicles modified for racing. *2 The fuel that SUBARU will use for this race is manufactured by synthesizing carbon dioxide and hydrogen with other components partially derived from non-edible biomass to comply with JIS standards for gasoline. For more information on the SUBARU Driving Academy, please see the 91st Shareholders Report. https://www.subaru.co.jp/ir/library/pdf/br/br_c91.pdf (Japanese version only) Handing Down and Enhancing the SUBARU Difference —Working with the Engineers of Tomorrow Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 38 39 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation
[TABLE] SUBARU development: Our engineers’ dedication
to one project is our strength
[TABLE] Drive Feel Consider Quantify

[PAGE 22]
For a smaller car manufacturer like SUBARU to respond to the current upheaval in the automotive industry, we need to select and establish focuses in regard to the use of data and digital technology. As a result of these major changes, the vertical division of units by function (such as development, procurement, manufacturing, sales, and after-sales service) that worked well for car-making in the past is becoming obsolete. In response, we are changing the way business is conducted across the entire Company by establishing data systems and enabling everyone to share that data to facilitate changes to organizational culture in the future. Our Common Goal is Strengthening Ties between SUBARU and our Customers We have identified three major issues related to the development and production of cars. The first is “process”. Until now, we repeated a cycle where we designed parts, made prototypes, assembled those parts into a prototype for a single vehicle, and then evaluated it. However, this cycle is no longer sufficient to keep up with current development processes as they become more advanced and complex. We aim to streamline this process by using a digital twin that combines partial model-based development using data and digital technology in conjunction with real-world development. The second is “operations”. The number of variations in models and power units, such as hybrids and BEVs *1, is increasing. This, in turn, has increased the number of items that need to be managed by each department involved in Mono-zukuri. It is easy for these departments to focus on management as their goal, even though the original purpose of management was to make improvements. We need to promote a renewed focus on improvement activities that need to be done. To do so, it is important to establish data handling tools and skills to process a large number of control items and expand their use on-site. For example, some manufacturing sites are implementing initiatives to use BI *2 tools. Until now, manufacturing processes included the creation of paper records on-site. These records were then entered into a computer manually. We have changed this system to enable direct input into a tablet. Vehicle numbers, images, and records are input into a tablet on-site, and that data is managed in an integrated way. This has increased the speed at which supervisors can monitor and respond to trends, and the information linked to a single car can now be shared by the manufacturing site with various departments, such as production engineering, quality control, and development, in a timely manner. *1 BEV: Battery electric vehicle *2 Business Intelligence (BI): Software that can assist with management and work tasks by analyzing and visualizing a range of data maintained by the company The third is “organization”. The conventional structure for car manufacturing uses an organization with vertical, function-based divisions, such as for development, procurement, manufacturing, sales, and after-sales service, with development being handled as projects involving all divisions. Dividing the organization by function is very effective in terms of allowing own-process completion for individual processes. However, it is no longer suitable for new trends involving concurrent activities with external organizations and new business models such as connected services. In addition, each department and operation exists as an individual silo, making it difficult to share data across departments. Strengthening Mono-zukuri Using Data and Digital Technology SUBARU has many customers around the world wishing to enrich their lives by leading a lifestyle that includes a car. In response to these customers, we are working to establish data and digital-based “experience-making” for our customers as our new challenge. We are also working to enhance the value SUBARU provides to customers in the form of Enjoyment and Peace of Mind by strengthening our Mono-zukuri as described previously. Our common goal is to increase the number of customers who feel an affinity with our value statement, and deepen our relationships with these customers. In other words, the ultimate goal of all our initiatives is to deliver happiness to our customers. The automotive industry is undergoing a once-in-a-century upheaval that adds further complexity to car-making. Until now, automakers were tasked with the product planning, development, and manufacture of cars which were then distributed to dealerships. More recently, however, it has become possible to secure touchpoints with customers through the use of data and digital technologies. It is generally said that consumer needs are shifting from goods to experiences. SUBARU provides products that have functional value backed by sound car-making and considers it important to strengthen relationships with customers through their experiences driving our cars. SUBARU’s DX strategy utilizes data and digital technology to strengthen Mono-zukuri (car-making) while simultaneously facilitating the creation of experiences. SUBARU’s unique digital transformation (DX) strategy has a firm foundation to respond to environmental changes. Takuji Dai Executive Vice President Chief Information Officer Chief General Manager of IT Strategy Division, Senior General Manager of Corporate Planning Division SUBARU’s Idea for a Digital Transformation Strategy An employee inputting data into a tablet Painting Checking and reworking Reworking records Defect confirmation Recorded on paper Reconfirmation of data Data entry omissions Input into computer OK! The following day or later Collection and analysis Results and actions Painting Checking and reworking Reworking records Defect confirmation Tablet input OK! Eliminates the need to collect and analyze data, and allows status information to be shared in a timely manner BI tools Collection and analysis Results and actions Strengthening ties between the SUBARU brand and customers by utilizing data and digital technology Setting common goals and implementing parallel initiatives From improvements to business process reform Attempts to create new value Innovation Reforms Reforms Improvements Foundation Improvement as the core element Development of infrastructure and human resources capable of utilizing data Changes to products, services, and business models Creation of new values (Experience-making) Strengthening Mono-zukuri Changes in our business, organization, processes, and corporate and organizational culture Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 40 41 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation
[TABLE] SUBARU has many customers around the world wishing to enrich their lives by leading a lifestyle that includes a car. In
response to these customers, we are working to establish data and digital-based “experience-making” for our customers
SUBARU’s unique digital transformation (DX)
as our new challenge. We are also working to enhance the value SUBARU provides to customers in the form of Enjoyment
strategy has a firm foundation to respond to and Peace of Mind by strengthening our Mono-zukuri as described previously. Our common goal is to increase the
number of customers who feel an affinity with our value statement, and deepen our relationships with these customers. In
environmental changes.
other words, the ultimate goal of all our initiatives is to deliver happiness to our customers.
The automotive industry is undergoing a once-in-a-century upheaval that
adds further complexity to car-making. Until now, automakers were tasked
with the product planning, development, and manufacture of cars which were
Strengthening Mono-zukuri Using Data and Digital Technology
then distributed to dealerships. More recently, however, it has become
possible to secure touchpoints with customers through the use of data and
digital technologies. We have identified three major issues related to the development and production of cars.
It is generally said that consumer needs are shifting from goods to The first is “process”. Until now, we repeated a cycle where we designed parts, made prototypes, assembled those
Takuji Dai
experiences. SUBARU provides products that have functional value backed by parts into a prototype for a single vehicle, and then evaluated it. However, this cycle is no longer sufficient to keep up
Executive Vice President sound car-making and considers it important to strengthen relationships with with current development processes as they become more advanced and complex. We aim to streamline this process by
Chief Information Officer customers through their experiences driving our cars. SUBARU’s DX strategy using a digital twin that combines partial model-based development using data and digital technology in conjunction
Chief General Manager of utilizes data and digital technology to strengthen Mono-zukuri (car-making) with real-world development.
IT Strategy Division,
while simultaneously facilitating the creation of experiences. The second is “operations”. The number of variations in models and power units, such as hybrids and BEVs*1, is
Senior General Manager of
increasing. This, in turn, has increased the number of items that need to be managed by each department involved in
Corporate Planning Division
Mono-zukuri. It is easy for these departments to focus on management as their goal, even though the original purpose of
management was to make improvements. We need to promote a renewed focus on improvement activities that need to
be done. To do so, it is important to establish data handling tools and skills to process a large number of control items
and expand their use on-site.
Our Common Goal is Strengthening Ties between SUBARU and our Customers For example, some manufacturing sites are implementing initiatives to use BI*2 tools. Until now, manufacturing
processes included the creation of paper records on-site. These records were then entered into a computer manually.
For a smaller car manufacturer like SUBARU to respond to the current upheaval in the automotive industry, we need to We have changed this system to enable direct input into a tablet. Vehicle numbers, images, and records are input
select and establish focuses in regard to the use of data and digital technology. As a result of these major changes, the into a tablet on-site, and that data is managed in an integrated way. This has increased the speed at which supervisors
vertical division of units by function (such as development, procurement, manufacturing, sales, and after-sales service) can monitor and respond to trends, and the information linked to a single car can now be shared by the manufacturing
that worked well for car-making in the past is becoming obsolete. In response, we are changing the way business is site with various departments, such as production engineering, quality control, and development, in a timely manner.
conducted across the entire Company by establishing data systems and enabling everyone to share that data to facilitate *1 BEV: Battery electric vehicle
changes to organizational culture in the future. *2 B usiness Intelligence (BI): Software that can assist with management and work tasks by analyzing and visualizing a range of data maintained by the company
Setting common goals and implementing parallel initiatives
Painting Checking and Reworking records Collection and Results and actions
reworking analysis
Changes to products,
Reconfirmation of data
services, and
Innovation Attempts to create new value
business models OK!
Data entry omissions
Defect confirmation Recorded on paper Input into computer The following day or later
Creation of new values
(Experience-making)
Painting Checking and Reworking records Collection and Results and actions
reworking analysis
BI tools
Strengthening ties between the SUBARU brand An employee inputting
data into a tablet
and customers by utilizing data and digital technology OK!
Eliminates the need to collect and analyze data, and
Defect confirmation Tablet input allows status information to be shared in a timely manner
Changes in our business, From improvements to
RReeffoorrmmss business process reform The third is “organization”. The conventional structure for car manufacturing uses an organization with vertical,
organization, processes,
function-based divisions, such as for development, procurement, manufacturing, sales, and after-sales service, with
and corporate and Improvement as
organizational culture Improvements the core element development being handled as projects involving all divisions. Dividing the organization by function is very effective in
terms of allowing own-process completion for individual processes. However, it is no longer suitable for new trends
Development of infrastructure
Strengthening Mono-zukuri Foundation and human resources capable involving concurrent activities with external organizations and new business models such as connected services. In
of utilizing data
addition, each department and operation exists as an individual silo, making it difficult to share data across departments.

[PAGE 23]
SUBARU’s Idea for a Digital Transformation Strategy Human resources are essential to implement these initiatives. Currently, SUBARU is proactively hiring mid-career personnel, but as a basic principle, we need to develop human resources internally as a company engaged in Mono-zukuri. In the future, it will be essential to have a specialized IT department in addition to developing human resources on site at each department to implement company-wide reforms to our business and corporate culture. There are six types of DX human resources defined by the IPA*3. In regards to developing human resources in-house, we will focus on data scientists and AI engineers to change our car-making. These personnel are talented resources who have an in-depth knowledge of digital technology and data analysis, and are capable of changing the way business is carried out on site. The manufacturing department at the Gunma Plant is an excellent example of our efforts to develop human resources. The IT and manufacturing departments are working in partnership to create a system to raise awareness and skill levels on the manufacturing floor. They have taken a standard training program on data science and adapted it to suit the SUBARU ideals. This course is used to train experts who can use data as a tool for improving work on the manufacturing floor. To ensure the establishment of individual skill development as part of our corporate culture, we are conducting a continuing chain of grassroots activities in which the first generation of students mentors the second generation, and the second generation then mentors the third generation. *3 Information-technology Promotion Agency (IPA), Japan Fostering DX Human Resources that Focus on Transforming Work On-Site Creation of New Value by Enhancing Experience-Making Nowadays, customers connect to the outside world through their smartphones, and their cars are equally as connected. We hope that by creating these connections, people will enjoy new experiences that come from the enjoyment of driving, made possible by the enduring safety that SUBARU provides as a functional value. We want to create a cycle where these new experiences make customers appreciate their SUBARU, and also make them want to buy a SUBARU as their next car as well. We are striving to create new value through facilitating experiences that strengthen our ties with the customer through the use of data and digital technology. Our connected service has already started in the U.S. and has been well received by customers who can use their smartphones to start their engine remotely and operate the air conditioner. There are also vehicle-linked services such as a locator that shows where the driver has parked their car in large parking lots at shopping malls, etc. In addition to this, related features for reserving a visit to the dealership and displaying vehicle information are already being used by many customers. Connected services in Japan started with the Levorg, which went on sale in 2020, and we are currently thinking about enhancing functionality and expanding the market in the future. We also started the SUBARU Digital Innovation Lab to make use of digital technology and data in areas such as digital marketing, sales and more. Studies and analysis conducted at this lab revealed these characteristics about SUBARU’s customers: they consider their car to be more than just a means of transportation; they demand value that goes beyond mobility; and they seek an emotional element that cannot be expressed in terms of efficiency. Our customers tell us that they sometimes intentionally take a longer route to their destination, or that they do not always follow the route given by their navigation system. We see this feedback as an example of our customers experiencing the features of SUBARU vehicles that appeal to their senses, and this leads to feelings of excitement and affinity. We created the SUBAROAD driving app to offer this kind of experience to as many customers as possible. The concept of the app is to present the route that provides the most driving pleasure in their SUBARU vehicle, rather than the most efficient route, and it is already being used by many of our customers. We are using data and digital technology to enhance SUBARU’s approach to car making, and we are also creating new experiences, using a range of customer contact points, to allow our customers to have enjoyable experiences in their SUBARU vehicle. We consider both of these initiatives to be the same goal, which is to strengthen the ties between the SUBARU brand and our customers. We hope that all of our customers will be looking forward to SUBARU’s unique DX initiatives in the near future. We believe that building a conventional integrated system under current conditions would not only require tremendous resources, it would also mean that we end up facing the same issues again when new business models appear. Rather than integrate the system, we opted to integrate data by building a company-wide data integration platform that shares data across departments and further advances Mono-zukuri. One such initiative is Global Product Lifecycle Management (PLM). This system manages all information about each car, from development and production to after-sales maintenance. This makes it possible to understand the health condition of the car and allows us to promptly notify existing owners in the unlikely event of a problem with a model in the same series during the production stage. By facilitating access to data tracking the lifetime of each vehicle, we are working to provide more convenience and create new experience value for the customer. Development Purchasing Manufacturing Supplies Sales Customer service Quality assurance BEFORE Traceability information Recalls and service campaigns Manufacturing Maintenance Parts/Supplies Driving Telematics Software Creating a platform for vehicle lifecycle data Company-wide horizontal data linking to facilitate process reform (Data integration platform) AFTER While this type of organizational structure and process management is effective for Mono-zukuri, it is becoming more difficult to confirm and analyze system data across the organization. Product planning Development Manufacturing Sales Data CONNECT After-sales Creating new customer experiences Enhancing after-sales service Enhancing after-sales service ELECTRIC EVs Safety and peace of mind SHARED & SERVICE Ride-sharing Car-sharing AUTO- NOMOUS High-accuracy maps Enhancing infrastructure Data Data Benefits Benefits Data Data Benefits Benefits Data Data Benefits Benefits New customer experiences New customer experiences Affinity Affinity Next cycle Next cycle Connections Connections Understanding the qualities of SUBARU Integration Integration into new into new products products Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 42 43 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation
[TABLE] We believe that building a conventional integrated system under current conditions would not only require tremendous Creation of New Value by Enhancing Experience-Making
resources, it would also mean that we end up facing the same issues again when new business models appear. Rather
than integrate the system, we opted to integrate data by building a company-wide data integration platform that shares Nowadays, customers connect to the outside world through their smartphones, and their cars are equally as connected.
data across departments and further advances Mono-zukuri. We hope that by creating these connections, people will enjoy new experiences that come from the enjoyment of driving,
One such initiative is Global Product Lifecycle Management (PLM). This system manages all information about each car, made possible by the enduring safety that SUBARU provides as a functional value. We want to create a cycle where these
from development and production to after-sales maintenance. This makes it possible to understand the health condition new experiences make customers appreciate their SUBARU, and also make them want to buy a SUBARU as their next car
of the car and allows us to promptly notify existing owners in the unlikely event of a problem with a model in the same as well. We are striving to create new value through facilitating experiences that strengthen our ties with the customer
series during the production stage. By facilitating access to data tracking the lifetime of each vehicle, we are working to through the use of data and digital technology.
provide more convenience and create new experience value for the customer. After-sales
Creating new customer experiences
EEnnhhaanncciinngg aafftteerr--ssaalleess sseerrvviiccee
AUTO-
NOMOUS
Product
Development Purchasing Manufacturing Supplies Sales Customer Quality planning Development Manufacturing Sales
service assurance SHARED & High-accuracy maps
CONNECT SERVICE in E fr n a h s a tr n u c c in tu g r e
While this type of organizational structure and process management is effective for Mono-zukuri, NNeexxtt ccyyccllee Ride-sharing ELECTRIC
BEFORE it is becoming more difficult to confirm and analyze system data across the organization. CCoonnnneeccttiioonnss Car-sharing
AAffffiinniittyy
Data EVs
BBeenneeffiittss Safet o y f a m nd in d peace
NNeeww ccuussttoommeerr eexxppeerriieenncceess DDaattaa
DDaattaa BBeenneeffiittss
AFTER
DDaattaa
BBeenneeffiittss
Company-wide horizontal data linking to facilitate process reform (Data integration platform) IInntteeggrraattiioonn
iinnttoo nneeww
Traceability Recalls and pprroodduuccttss
Manufacturing Maintenance Parts/Supplies Driving Telematics Software service
information campaigns Understanding the qualities of SUBARU
Creating a platform for vehicle lifecycle data
Our connected service has already started in the U.S. and has been well received by customers who can use their
smartphones to start their engine remotely and operate the air conditioner. There are also vehicle-linked services such as
a locator that shows where the driver has parked their car in large parking lots at shopping malls, etc. In addition to this,
related features for reserving a visit to the dealership and displaying vehicle information are already being used by many
customers. Connected services in Japan started with the Levorg, which went on sale in 2020, and we are currently thinking
Fostering DX Human Resources that Focus on Transforming Work On-Site
about enhancing functionality and expanding the market in the future.
We also started the SUBARU Digital Innovation Lab to make use of digital technology and data in areas such as digital
Human resources are essential to implement these initiatives. Currently, SUBARU is proactively hiring mid-career marketing, sales and more. Studies and analysis conducted at this lab revealed these characteristics about SUBARU’s
personnel, but as a basic principle, we need to develop human resources internally as a company engaged in Mono-zukuri. customers: they consider their car to be more than just a means of transportation; they demand value that goes beyond
In the future, it will be essential to have a specialized IT department in addition to developing human resources on site at mobility; and they seek an emotional element that cannot be expressed in terms of efficiency.
each department to implement company-wide reforms to our business and corporate culture. There are six types of DX Our customers tell us that they sometimes intentionally take a longer route to their
human resources defined by the IPA*3. In regards to developing human resources in-house, we will focus on data destination, or that they do not always follow the route given by their navigation system. We
scientists and AI engineers to change our car-making. These personnel are talented resources who have an in-depth see this feedback as an example of our customers experiencing the features of SUBARU
knowledge of digital technology and data analysis, and are capable of changing the way business is carried out on site. vehicles that appeal to their senses, and this leads to feelings of excitement and affinity. We
The manufacturing department at the Gunma Plant is an excellent example of our efforts to develop human resources. created the SUBAROAD driving app to offer this kind of experience to as many customers as
The IT and manufacturing departments are working in partnership to create a system to raise awareness and skill levels possible. The concept of the app is to present the route that provides the most driving
on the manufacturing floor. They have taken a standard training program on data science and adapted it to suit the pleasure in their SUBARU vehicle, rather than the most efficient route, and it is already being
SUBARU ideals. This course is used to train experts who can use data as a tool for improving work on the manufacturing used by many of our customers.
floor. To ensure the establishment of individual skill development as part of our corporate culture, we are conducting a We are using data and digital technology to enhance SUBARU’s approach to car making,
continuing chain of grassroots activities in which the first generation of students mentors the second generation, and the and we are also creating new experiences, using a range of customer contact points, to allow
second generation then mentors the third generation. our customers to have enjoyable experiences in their SUBARU vehicle. We consider both of
*3 Information-technology Promotion Agency (IPA), Japan these initiatives to be the same goal, which is to strengthen the ties between the SUBARU
brand and our customers.
We hope that all of our customers will be looking forward to SUBARU’s unique DX
initiatives in the near future.
[TABLE] Product
planning | Developm | ent Manufactu | ring Sales
[TABLE] Purchasing | Manufacturing | Supplies | Sales | Customer
service
[TABLE] Whil
i | e thi
t is | s ty
beco | pe o
min | f org
g mo | aniz
re | atio
diffic | nal s
ult t | truc
o co | ture
nfir | and
m an | pro
d an | cess
alyz | ma
e sys | nage
tem | men
dat | t is
a ac | effe
ross | ctive
the | for
orga | Mon
niza | o-z
tion | ukur
. | i,
[TABLE] BEF | ORE
[TABLE] AF | TER
[TABLE] ing the qualities
[TABLE] Manufacturing
[TABLE] Maintenance
[TABLE] Driving
[TABLE] Telematics
[TABLE] Software

[PAGE 24]
Message from the CFO Review of FYE March 2022 and Outlook for FYE March 2023 It has been one year since I was appointed as Chief Financial Officer (CFO) in April 2021. FYE March 2022 was an extremely challenging year. In addition to tight supply and demand of semiconductors throughout the year, impact from parts supply chain stagnation due to the resurgence of COVID-19 in Southeast Asia and other regions resulted in a series of automotive production volume adjustments, temporary production suspensions, and other actions. We were unable to achieve a sufficient level of production, causing a great deal of inconvenience to our customers and dealerships. With the cooperation of our suppliers and dealerships, we adjusted our production and sales plans in accordance with the ever-changing situation in order to minimize any impact. However, our final production volume for the fiscal year was 727 thousand units, down 83 thousand units from FYE March 2021, and vehicle sales were 734 thousand units, down 126 thousand units year on year. As a result, we posted consolidated financial results for FYE March 2022 as follows. Revenue was 2,744.5 billion yen, down 3.0% year on year. Profits were also down year-on-year despite the curbing of sales incentives, reduction of warranty expenses, and positive impact from exchange rate fluctuations. Operating profit was 90.5 billion yen, down 11.7%. Profit before tax was 107.0 billion yen, down 6.1%. Profit for the period attributable to owners of parent was 70.0 billion yen, down 8.5%. This was a year that keenly reminded us of the importance of maintaining a solid and sound financial base. Meanwhile, demand has been extremely high for SUBARU vehicles, with back orders *1 exceeding 100 thousand units globally, mainly in the United States. In FYE March 2023, we intend to produce and sell as many units as possible through unified Group-wide efforts and innovations to meet these customers’ expectations. Specifically, we will take on the challenge of producing one million units and selling 940 thousand units, aiming for revenue of 3,500 billion yen and operating profit of 200 billion yen. *1 Orders received but awaiting stock. This indicates demand for a product exceeding its supply. Financial and Capital Strategy for Sustainable Growth in the Electrification Era As SUBARU does not possess a large scale among automakers, we aim to improve our corporate value over the medium to long term by developing a highly profitable business model and achieving a sound financial position and high capital efficiency by promoting selection and concentration, in which we allocate limited management resources to markets and categories where we can demonstrate our strengths. In our financial and capital strategy to achieve this, we have identified return on capital, financial soundness, and shareholder returns as three key indicators. Our basic policy is to provide appropriate shareholder returns while maintaining a balance between return on equity (ROE) and the shareholders’ equity ratio over the medium to long term. Specifically, we will aim for an industry-leading operating margin of 8%, and ROE of 10% or more as KPIs, and will demonstrate high financial soundness by maintaining a shareholders’ equity ratio of 50% as the foundation to support these. In order to achieve success in the coming era of full-scale electrification, we believe it is of the utmost importance to monitor changes in the market and regulations and the growing convenience of BEVs *2, including social infrastructure, and above all, to respond to changes in the needs, preferences, and values of customers. Our financial and capital strategy will follow this principle. In May 2022, we announced the first phase of our investment strategy toward electrification, a restructuring of our domestic production system. Though the specific investment plan is currently under consideration, we plan to invest 250 billion yen over the next five years, beginning in earnest from FYE March 2024. Even after this point, we will continue discussions to develop business strategies with a view to full-scale electrification. Although our investment and cash flow amounts may fluctuate from year to year, our basic policy for shareholder return remains unchanged. Specifically, this is to pay performance-linked dividends in a stable and consistent manner (30-50% consolidated payout ratio) and to flexibly purchase treasury stock in accordance with cash flow. In order to strike a balance between aggressive investment for future growth and shareholder returns, we have revised our traditional financial policy, which had been to retain net cash worth two months of revenue. In addition, we will create a structure that can generate solid profits even with BEVs in both production and sales, and reattain the industry’s highest operating margin, thereby increasing shareholder value. *2 BEV: Battery electric vehicle To Our Stakeholders In the era of electrification, where we will have no map to navigate by, we see flexibility and mobility as important in order to achieve success. In order to realize this, it is essential to boost employee motivation. Therefore, we have launched initiatives under the slogan of each individual acting on their own, and will actively invest in human capital with a focus on the growth of the individual. There is great competition ahead here for us. We will pursue the SUBARU difference more than ever through growth investment, while at the same time striving to achieve return on capital, financial soundness, and shareholder returns. We look forward to your continued support. 25 20 15 10 5 0 14.6 8.5 9.0 4.4 3.8 JGAAP IFRS ’18/3 ’19/3 ’20/3 ’21/3 ’22/3 ROE (%) 150 100 50 0 50.1 78.1 50.3 56.1 56 0 25 50 75 100 144 144 100 56 61.3 Dividend Per Share (Left) Dividend Payout Ratio (Right) JGAAP IFRS ’18/3 ’19/3 ’20/3 ’21/3 ’22/3 Dividend Per Share (Yen) / Dividend Payout Ratio (%) ’18/3 500 400 300 200 100 0 0 5 10 15 379.4 11.7 5.8 6.3 3.6 3.3 181.7 210.3 102.5 90.5 ’19/3 ’20/3 ’21/3 ’22/3 Operating Profit (Left) Operating Margin (Right) JGAAP IFRS Operating Profit (Billions of yen) / Operating Margin (%) ROE Targeting 10% or more Equity ratio 50% at minimum Shareholder returns Dividend payout ratio 30-50% Share repurchases Conduct flexibly Capital Policy These results for FYE March 2022 are not the sort we take great pride in, and we are determined to achieve success in the future via a two-pronged approach, restoring previous levels of profitability with sustainable growth for the entire Group, especially in the U.S. market, and leveraging our strong brand. Currently there are inflationary pressures caused by the worldwide rise in raw material prices. In order to counteract concerns about the impact on revenues, we are implementing price policy reviews and model mix improvements while closely watching market and customer trends. In addition, our quality enhancement efforts, part of our mid-term management vision “STEP,” are beginning to show results. This includes a decrease in the number of defects and recalls globally and a downward trend in warranty expenses. Looking ahead, we will continue to march forward with these efforts. To achieve success in the electrification era, we will strive to enhance our corporate value by maintaining a sound financial base and making steady preparations for growth investments. Katsuyuki Mizuma Director of the Board, Executive Vice President, CFO (Chief Financial Officer) and CRMO (Chief Risk Management Officer) Profile 1984 Joined The Industrial Bank of Japan Ltd 2014 Became Managing Executive Officer of Mizuho Bank, Ltd. 2016 Joined SUBARU as Senior Vice President and Senior General Manager of Subaru Overseas Sales & Marketing Division 2 2018 Executive Vice President, Chief General Manager of Overseas Sales & Marketing Division 1, Chief General Manager of Overseas Sales & Marketing Division 2 Executive Vice President, CFO and CRMO since June 2021 Please visit the SUBARU website for details about our financial information. https://www.subaru.co.jp/en/ir/library/ Financial Information Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 44 45 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data

[TABLE] Message from the CFO
To achieve success in the electrification
era, we will strive to enhance our
corporate value by maintaining a sound
financial base and making steady
preparations for
growth investments.
Katsuyuki Mizuma
Director of the Board, Executive Vice President,
CFO (Chief Financial Officer) and
CRMO (Chief Risk Management Officer)
Profile
1984 Joined The Industrial Bank of Japan Ltd
2014 Became Managing Executive Officer of Mizuho Bank, Ltd.
2016 Joined SUBARU as Senior Vice President and
Senior General Manager of Subaru Overseas Sales & Marketing Division 2
2018 Executive Vice President, Chief General Manager of
Overseas Sales & Marketing Division 1, Chief General Manager of
Overseas Sales & Marketing Division 2
Executive Vice President, CFO and CRMO since June 2021
[TABLE] Message from the CFO
To achieve success in the electrification
era, we will strive to enhance our
corporate value by maintaining a sound
financial base and making steady
preparations for
growth investments.
Katsuyuki Mizuma
Director of the Board, Executive Vice President,
CFO (Chief Financial Officer) and
CRMO (Chief Risk Management Officer)
Profile
1984 Joined The Industrial Bank of Japan Ltd
2014 Became Managing Executive Officer of Mizuho Bank, Ltd.
2016 Joined SUBARU as Senior Vice President and
Senior General Manager of Subaru Overseas Sales & Marketing Division 2
2018 Executive Vice President, Chief General Manager of
Overseas Sales & Marketing Division 1, Chief General Manager of
Overseas Sales & Marketing Division 2
Executive Vice President, CFO and CRMO since June 2021 | Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation
[TABLE] Dividend payout ratio
[TABLE] Share repurchases

[PAGE 25]
Risk Management Information sharing/ reporting Determine which response headquarters should be set up according to the situation President and CEO Dealerships, affiliated companies, customers Each department Emergency situation Normal situation Cooperation Normal situation Emergency situation Risk Management & Compliance Office (secretariat) Risk management officers CRMO Emergency Response Headquarters: for response to critical situations CRMO, Risk Management & Compliance Office, related officers Departmental Response Headquarters: for independent response to incidents by the related department Risk management officer Departmental risk management officers General managers, company presidents, officers in charge of common departments, etc. Quality assessment support Technical conformity support Supply chain management Market related Stakeholder communication Executives support Safety/health/ personnel protection Management decision support Cooperation between offices/plants Legal services Group companies related IT system/Cybersecurity Financing related Companies supervision Offices/plants supervision Formation Decision as to whether or not to suspend production lines Responsible persons in individual departments Special Emergency Response Headquarters: for immediate response to the most critical situations President and CEO, CRMO, Risk Management & Compliance Office, risk management officer and other officers in the relevant department • Formulate company-wide policies • Supervise risk management situations • Address company-wide issues • Formulate action guidelines • Understand and report the implementation situation • Operate committee meetings • Support activities at individual departments Risk Management & Compliance Office Chief Risk Management Officer (CRMO) Board of Directors Risk Management & Compliance Committee Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 46 47 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data Our Approach SUBARU is undertaking risk management as one of its key priority management issues, not only to address emergency situations when they arise but also to deal with various risks that have a serious impact on daily corporate activities, as well as to minimize damage when risks emerge. The automotive industry is ushering in a major transformation, which only occurs once in a century. The SUBARU Group, which operates businesses globally, is aiming to enhance the resilience of its management infrastructure by ensuring the sustainability of its businesses by quickly tackling changes in world affairs. At the same time, the Group must boost its measures to minimize its human, social and economic losses. Amid this environment, it is essential to strategically conduct risk management throughout the group to conduct business activities. We therefore believe it is important to create a SUBARU Group that has an infrastructure that is resilient to risk to enhance our corporate value. Management System To prevent the emergence and expansion of risks to the SUBARU Group, the CRMO (Chief Risk Management Officer) appointed by the Board of Directors leads risk management and compliance activities, reporting their status to the Board of Directors. As a system to promote risk management, SUBARU has appointed risk management officers (job grade of Chief General Managers) for each department and established the Risk Management & Compliance Committee. This committee is chaired by the CRMO, and its vice-chairperson is the Vice President in charge of the duties of the Risk Management Group, comprised of the Risk Management & Compliance Office and the Legal Department. At this committee, members deliberate, discuss, make decisions, and exchange/ communicate information on important matters. The CRMO leads corporate Group-wide efforts to enhance risk management with professional support from experts in corporate departments, such as the Risk Management & Compliance Office and the Legal Department. In this leadership role, the CRMO works closely with the Corporate Planning Department, which performs division-encompassing functions, as well as different divisions and companies. The Audit Department audits execution of tasks by each division and subsidiary in a planned manner. Risks Associated with Business Activities At the SUBARU Group, we extract and identify key risks associated with our business activities and consider measures to combat them. The major business risks are listed below. Please note that this is not an exhaustive list of all risks relating to the SUBARU Group. Risk Management System Economic trends in major markets Financial markets fluctuations Exchange rate fluctuations Change in raw material costs Risks relating to fluctuations in the economic and financial environment Focus on specific businesses and markets Changes in the demand and competitive environment in the market Responsibility related to products, sales and services Supply chain disruptions Intellectual property infringement Information network security Compliance Stakeholder communication Respect for human rights Secure and train human resources Climate change Risks relating to industry and business activities Political, regulatory and legal procedures in various countries that impact business activities Impact of disasters, war, terrorism, infections, etc. Risks arising from national regulations and other events affecting business activities Impact on business performance or financial standing 17 Risks Affecting Business Activities In order to achieve our vision of becoming a company “Delivering happiness to all,” we are working to permeate ownership in conceptualizing risk management and compliance. Over the past three years, SUBARU has advocated to think actively about the conceptualization of risk management and compliance, and has steadily promoted initiatives in this area. Although we still have some way to go, discussions at meetings of the Risk Management & Compliance Committee, which are regularly held several times a year, have become more active and diverse with each passing year. As our activities take root, I feel that mindsets are strengthening for the entire Group, including not only managers but those at the staff level as well. With regard to risk management, we are strengthening risk management activities and systems based on our Group-wide Risk Map that prioritizes issues according to likelihood of occurrence and magnitude of impact. Following the global outbreak of COVID-19 in 2020, 2021 was once again a year of never-before-seen severity in the environment. In addition to the global shortage of semiconductors, this came in the form of supply chain disruptions due to a resurgence in COVID-19 in Southeast Asia and elsewhere, natural disasters, the impact of the situation between Russia and Ukraine, greater risks pertaining to cybersecurity, and more. Under these circumstances, we have been steadily acquiring practical risk management capabilities in a posture of battle readiness. We are doing this not only on our own, but particularly in the procurement department, as we are also strengthening cooperation with our suppliers. We will continue to strengthen our efforts by focusing on events with high risk factors, based on a firm understanding of the current situation. Our aim is to ensure that compliance is permeated throughout all of the Group’s approximately 36,900 employees, and we are promoting compliance activities in a creative way so that they can be carried out in the field, rather than simply through verbal messaging. Specifically, we conduct video training to raise awareness of compliance, as well as awareness-raising activities including ongoing study groups on important laws and regulations to operations at each department and Group company. We also recognize that the Compliance Hotline is functioning effectively within the Group. Going forward, we will work toward the realization of our vision of being a company “Delivering happiness to all” through grassroots activities tied to our daily operations. Katsuyuki Mizuma CFO, CRMO Message from the CRMO

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation
[TABLE] Economic trends in major markets | Financial markets fluctuations
[TABLE] Exchange rate fluctuations | Change in raw material costs
[TABLE] Political, regulatory and legal procedures
in various countries that impact business activities
[TABLE] Impact of disasters, war, terrorism, infections, etc.
[TABLE] Focus on specific businesses and markets
[TABLE] Changes in the demand and
competitive environment in the market
[TABLE] Responsibility related to products, sales and services
[TABLE] Supply chain disruptions
[TABLE] Intellectual property infringement
[TABLE] Information network security
[TABLE] Compliance
[TABLE] Stakeholder communication
[TABLE] Respect for human rights
[TABLE] Secure and train human resources
[TABLE] Climate change
[TABLE] President and CEO
Chief Risk Management Officer
(CRMO)
Risk Management &
Compliance Office
Information sharing/ Determine which
reporting response headquarters
should be set up
according to the situation
Departmental risk
management officers
General managers, company presidents,
officers in charge of common departments,
etc.
Each department
Dealerships, affiliated
companies, customers | Formation
Emergency Offices/plants supervision
situation
Companies supervision
Financing related Special Emergency Response Headquarters:
for immediate response
IT system/Cybersecurity Responsible to the most critical situations
Group companies related President and CEO, CRMO,
Risk Management & Compliance Office,
risk management officer and other officers
Legal services in the relevant department
Cooperation between persons
Emergency Response Headquarters: offices/plants
for response
to critical situations Management decision support in
Safety/health/ individual
CRMO, Risk Management & personnel protection
Compliance Office, related officers
Executives support
Cooperation Stakeholder communication departments
Departmental Response Headquarters: Market related
for independent response to
incidents by the related department Supply chain management
Risk management officer Technical conformity support
Quality assessment support
Decision as to whether or not
to suspend production lines
[TABLE] Offices/plants supervision
[TABLE] Companies supervision
[TABLE] Financing related
[TABLE] Re
[TABLE] IT system/Cybersecurity
[TABLE] spo | Group companies related
[TABLE] nsib
[TABLE] Legal services
[TABLE] le
p
[TABLE] ersons | Cooperation between
offices/plants
[TABLE] Management decision support
[TABLE] in
in
[TABLE] Safety/health/
personnel protection
[TABLE] divid
[TABLE] Executives support
[TABLE] ual
de
[TABLE] Stakeholder communication
[TABLE] part
[TABLE] Market related
[TABLE] ment
[TABLE] Supply chain management
[TABLE] s
[TABLE] Technical conformity support
[TABLE] Quality assessment support
[TABLE] Decision as to whether or not
to suspend production lines
[TABLE] Risk Management
[TABLE] & Compliance Committee
[TABLE] • Formulate
company-wide policies
CRMO • Supervise risk
management situations
• Address company-wide
issues
• Formulate action
Risk guidelines
management • Understand and report
officers the implementation
situation
Mana R g is e k ment • Operate committee
& meetings
Compliance • Support activities at
Office individual departments
(secretariat)
[TABLE] Emergency Response Headquarters:
for response
to critical situations
[TABLE] CRMO, Risk Management &
Compliance Office, related officers
[TABLE] Departmental risk
management officers
[TABLE] General managers, company presidents,
officers in charge of common departments,
etc.
[TABLE] Departmental Response Headquarters:
for independent response to
incidents by the related department
[TABLE] Risk management officer
[TABLE] Each department
[TABLE] Dealerships, affiliated
companies, customers

[PAGE 26]
Please visit the Subaru website for details on profiles. https://www.subaru.co.jp/en/outline/profile.html Directors, Auditors, and Executive Officers (As of June 22, 2022) Tomomi Nakamura Representative Director, President and CEO 4 years / 35,419 shares Atsushi Osaki Director, Executive Vice President 1 year / 19,743 shares Miwako Doi Independent Outside Director 2 years / 400 shares Yoichi Kato Standing Corporate Auditor 1 year / 11,129 shares Hiromi Tsutsumi Standing Corporate Auditor 2 years / 19,056 shares Shigeru Nosaka Independent Outside Corporate Auditor 3 years / 1,600 shares Kyoko Okada Independent Outside Corporate Auditor 3 years / 1,400 shares Yuri Furusawa Independent Outside Corporate Auditor Newly appointed / 0 shares Kazuo Hosoya Director, Chairman 3 years / 21,729 shares Katsuyuki Mizuma Director, Executive Vice President, CFO and CRMO 1 year / 12,215 shares Tetsuo Onuki Director, Executive Vice President 4 years / 20,353 shares Fumiaki Hayata Director, Executive Vice President 1 year / 10,256 shares Yasuyuki Abe Independent Outside Director 3 years / 4,800 shares Natsunosuke Yago Independent Outside Director 3 years / 4,200 shares Directors of the Board (Number of years in office as a director/number of shares owned) Corporate Auditors (Number of years in office as an auditor/number of shares owned) Chairman Kazuo Hosoya* Secretarial Office, Human Resources Department President Tomomi Nakamura* CEO (Chief Executive Officer) Aerospace Company, Quality Executive Vice President Katsuyuki Mizuma* CFO (Chief Financial Officer), CRMO (Chief Risk Management Officer) Finance & Accounting Department Executive Vice President Tetsuo Onuki* Chief General Manager of Purchasing Division, Product & Portfolio Planning Division Executive Vice President Atsushi Osaki* Chief General Manager of Manufacturing Division Executive Vice President Fumiaki Hayata* Chief General Manager of Overseas Sales & Marketing Division 1, Chairman and CEO of SIA *1 Executive Vice President Takuji Dai CIO (Chief Information Officer), Chief General Manager of IT Strategy Division, Senior General Manager of Corporate Planning Division Senior Vice President Shoichiro Tozuka Company President of Aerospace Company Senior Vice President Tatsuro Kobayashi General Manager of Human Resources Department Senior Vice President Jinya Shoji Chief General Manager of Overseas Sales & Marketing Division 2 Senior Vice President Osamu Eriguchi CQO (Chief Quality Officer) Chief General Manager of Quality Assurance Division, General Manager of Quality Assurance Management Office Senior Vice President Tomoaki Emori Chief General Manager of Corporate Planning Division Senior Vice President Tetsuo Fujinuki CTO (Chief Technology Officer) Chief General Manager of Engineering Management Division and Technical Research Center Senior Vice President Tamotsu Inui Senior General Manager of Purchasing Division, Cost Innovation Promotion Department Senior Vice President Kazuhiro Abe Chief General Manager of Product & Portfolio Planning Division Vice President Yasushi Nagae General Manager of Investor Relations Department and General Administration Department, Corporate Communications Department and Sustainability Promotion Department Vice President Tatsuya Okuno Chief General Manager of Customer Service Division Vice President Hiroshi Wakai Company Vice President of Aerospace Company, Senior General Manager of Engineering & Development Center Vice President Hiroshi Watahiki Senior General Manager of Engineering Division and Purchasing Division Vice President Tadashi Yoshida Senior General Manager of Overseas Sales & Marketing Division 1, Executive Vice President of SOA *2, SCI *3, NASI *4 Vice President Ryota Fukumizu President and COO of SIA *1 Vice President Shinichi Murata General Manager of Risk Management & Compliance Office Risk Management Group, External Relations Department, Intellectual Property Department Vice President Kazuki Uejima Senior General Manager of Engineering Division and General Manager of CTO’s Office Vice President Ikuo Watanabe Senior General Manager of Manufacturing Division, Chief General Manager of Gunma Plant Vice President Akihiro Kato Chief General Manager of Japan Sales & Marketing Division *1 Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. *2 Subaru of America, Inc. *3 Subaru Canada, Inc. *4 North American Subaru, Inc. Executive Officers * Concurrently serve as a Director Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 48 49 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation
[TABLE] Kazuo Hosoya*
[TABLE] Tomomi Nakamura*
[TABLE] Katsuyuki Mizuma*
[TABLE] Tetsuo Onuki*
[TABLE] Atsushi Osaki*
[TABLE] Fumiaki Hayata*
[TABLE] Takuji Dai
[TABLE] Shoichiro Tozuka
[TABLE] Tatsuro Kobayashi
[TABLE] Jinya Shoji
[TABLE] Osamu Eriguchi
[TABLE] Tomoaki Emori
[TABLE] Tetsuo Fujinuki
[TABLE] Tamotsu Inui
[TABLE] Kazuhiro Abe
[TABLE] Yasushi Nagae
[TABLE] Tatsuya Okuno
[TABLE] Hiroshi Wakai
[TABLE] Hiroshi Watahiki
[TABLE] Tadashi Yoshida
[TABLE] Ryota Fukumizu
[TABLE] Shinichi Murata
[TABLE] Kazuki Uejima
[TABLE] Ikuo Watanabe
[TABLE] Akihiro Kato

[PAGE 27]
Hosoya: At this management discussions and social gathering events *1 for FYE March 2022, we have discussed the theme of the direction of our electrification strategy. This was recognized as an ongoing issue to be addressed in the previous year’s evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors. Amid global trends toward decarbonization and automotive electrification, I would like to hear from our outside directors, from their objective perspective, about how the evolution of the SUBARU difference has been perceived over the past year or two. Abe: When I was appointed as an outside corporate auditor in 2016, SUBARU was generating high earnings, but from 2017 onwards, quality issues such as the improper conduct related to the final vehicle inspection issues and large-scale recalls had eroded trust in the brand, and the stock price was falling. I became an outside director in 2019 while closely observing this dramatic change and have always worked to provide timely advice. Most recently, the spread of COVID-19 and the subsequent stagnation in the supply chain has created a very frustrating and difficult situation, with strong demand but insufficient production. On the other hand, I can say that steady progress is being made in the evolution of the SUBARU difference. While other companies had begun to steer toward electrification strategies, SUBARU had until now been unable to paint a clear picture in this direction. However, over the past year or so, measures aimed at developing the market for electrification have steadily accelerated, and SUBARU became the first Japanese automaker to announce that it would build a dedicated BEV *2 plant in Japan. My firsthand experience in talking with various people internally is that they are confident that SUBARU can maintain its market competitiveness in the era of CASE *3, and I feel that the iatmosphere within the company. Yago: I agree. At the time of my appointment as an outside director in 2019, the atmosphere within the company was characterized by differences between how people thought about and perceived electrification. Some thought the era of electrification wouldn’t really come. But, from around 2021, the strategy and approach in this area became clear for SUBARU as a unit. The declaration that SUBARU will build a mixed production line for BEVs at the Yajima Plant in 2025 is indicative of this clarity. I feel that a number of key actions have been taken all at once. Automaker management will clearly shift toward electrification going forward. This will depend on whether or not they can procure various parts, including semiconductors, at a stable and reasonable cost. It is necessary that related departments share their awareness of this issue, and that SUBARU refines its information system infrastructure harnessing IoT and AI internally. If we consider the future of SUBARU, I see the current difficult procurement environment as an excellent opportunity to strengthen its organizational capabilities and DX. Outside Directors Roundtable We will steadily improve the effectiveness of corporate governance and achieve the sustainable growth of the SUBARU Group. The priority initiatives of the mid-term management vision “STEP,” as well as the SUBARU difference, have been steadily evolving, and this is gradually showing results. In May 2022, we announced a plan to reorganize our domestic production system, taking the first step toward electrification. Three outside directors with extensive knowledge and experience in corporate management, alongside director and chairman Kazuo Hosoya, discussed matters such as their understanding of issues in light of electrification and other milestone industry changes, substantive initiatives to strengthen corporate governance, and expectations of the human resources who will be responsible for our future growth. Progress on the Direction of our Electrification Strategy Theme 1 Natsunosuke Yago Outside Director Appointed as outside director in June 2019 Kazuo Hosoya Director and Chairman Yasuyuki Abe Outside Director Natsunosuke Yago Outside Director Miwako Doi Outside Director Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 50 51 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation

[PAGE 28]
Doi: Employees of the SUBARU Group often say they love the horizontally-opposed engine, and that the sound is very SUBARU. They truly love and respect their own products. When I was appointed in 2020, I was concerned that this corporate culture would not be able to keep up with environmental regulations aimed toward carbon neutrality and other trends. However, BEVs began to appear on the agenda at management discussions and social gathering events, and in May 2022, SUBARU began to take orders for its first global BEV, the SOLTERRA. Then, plans for the restructuring of its domestic plants quickly took shape. Though I had guessed it would take quite a long time to address electrification, I was proven wrong—in a good way. The fact that SUBARU was able to instill the SUBARU difference in its BEV should give confidence not only to its development teams, but to all employees of the SUBARU Group. SUBARU’s response to CASE and its thought processes and approach with regard to BEVs have become very clear, energizing younger employees in particular and giving the organization momentum for the future growth of SUBARU. Hosoya: Certainly, SUBARU’s concept and brand image were too well-established, and I think our outside directors were concerned about whether we could really enter the realm of vehicle electrification. Until recently, there was a sense among employees that electrification would not be as easy as some thought and that the transition period would be long, as well as that SUBARU could compete just with engine vehicles for some time. Meanwhile, we were closely monitoring market trends, steadily conducting research and product development studies for electrification, and looking for the right moment to make a decision as an overall strategy. It turns out that interest in electrification among U.S. dealerships and customers had been growing more rapidly than we had anticipated. That is why I believe that, with regard to the restructuring plan for plants in Japan, all parties involved were able to come together and focus on the issue. We will continue to meet the expectations of our stakeholders while contributing to decarbonization with our distinctive the SUBARU difference. *1 Meetings for exchange of opinions on the Company’s important management topics, conducted by directors and corporate auditors and which do not require a resolution *2 BEV: Battery electric vehicle *3 CASE: Connected, Autonomous, Shared, Electric Abe: We have without question seen improvements over the last three years when it comes to areas like the selection of agenda items for addressing at the Board of Directors and management discussions and social gathering events, as well as the quality of information used in decision- making processes. First and foremost, as independent outside directors, we represent stakeholders. This puts us in a position to make useful recommendations without being bound by internal interests or the sensibilities of management. We must also serve as an important element of corporate governance by supervising and monitoring business execution. Despite this position, I believe that the key to success is how we can build trust relationships with internal directors and employees. At SUBARU, there is an environment where we can talk freely with people in various positions. Though there is sometimes harsh advice exchanged in these discussions, we continue to encourage them to do their best in order to advance the three priority items of the mid-term management vision “STEP”—corporate culture reforms, quality enhancement, and evolution of the SUBARU difference. Team members are also transferred between departments within each business division. Even when moving to a new department and fresh workplace, previous experience is by no means wasted. In fact, many are more successful in their new positions. There is also a higher level of demand from the market, and I would like SUBARU to continue to cultivate human resources who can think flexibly and not be bound by stereotypes. From the improper conduct related to the final vehicle inspection issues in 2017 until now, I believe that the employees of the SUBARU Group have had a difficult time. I want everyone to let out all of their past thoughts and feelings now, because now is their chance. SUBARU is taking a very positive turn. I am sure that you will see the results of your efforts in the organization’s performance, and I wish you the best of luck. Yago: When I was initially appointed, I had the impression that SUBARU was a company that was difficult to understand. Although it was difficult to understand the process by which important matters were decided, I gradually deepened my own understanding of how to perceive SUBARU as a company and how to be involved in its management. I finally understood it wasn’t that decision-making processes were closed off to me, but that this was a company where Board members do not mince words in discussion. In other words, SUBARU was where policy directions and important conclusions are reached after careful deliberation. Although this culture may be perceived by the rest of the world as not fast enough, it is an advantage in a business environment where companies are forced to face a variety of business risks. In addition, SUBARU is continuing its efforts to strengthen its organizational structure with regard to compliance and risk management. In 2019, it adopted a system where the Chief Risk Management Officer (CRMO) leads risk management and compliance activities. In May 2021, it reorganized its principles and philosophy system as a company, including the Vision for 2025. I believe these are convincing to employees. By gaining the empathy of employees, I expect that SUBARU’s vision and philosophy will be elevated to the level of corporate culture, leading to greater corporate value. President Nakamura and managers began holding dialogues in 2021 on the subject of employee Yasuyuki Abe Outside Director Jun. 2016 Outside Corporate Auditor Jun. 2019 Retired as Outside Corporate Auditor Appointed as outside director in June 2019 Expectations for Growth and Message to SUBARU Group Employees Theme 2 Kazuo Hosoya Director and Chairman Jun. 2019 Representative Director and Deputy President Apr. 2021 Representative Director and Chairman Jun. 2021 Director and Chairman Hosoya: I believe it is very important to enhance effectiveness in strengthening the SUBARU Group’s corporate governance. I would like to hear from the outside directors about what they keep in mind and what their expectations are for the future growth of the SUBARU Group. Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 52 53 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation

[PAGE 29]
engagement, resulting in a rich exchange of opinions. Through these activities, my intent is to provide appropriate advice to ensure the continuity of each policy by increasing employee empathy and motivation. My hope is that all employees will be eager to learn new things without fear of failure. Doi: I believe that corporate governance is a balance between the defensive—compliance founded in awareness of risk to management, as mentioned by Mr. Yago—and the offensive, which is innovation. Innovation is essential for automaker management in this era of addressing decarbonization and CASE. Here, I would like to make contributions by utilizing the knowledge I have cultivated in the field of information and communications in order to further enhance the value SUBARU provides to its customers, which is “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind.” Furthermore, on the defensive side, I would like to talk about the problem of procuring parts, which was exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic. There is stagnation in the supply chain and SUBARU faces never-before-seen difficulty. However, communication between the manufacturing and procurement departments has improved tremendously to cope with this challenge. It is not easy to create cross-functional partnership within an organization, but the fact that SUBARU has been able to use the disruptions and chaos in the supply chain as an opportunity to do this kind of bridging is a real success. Now that these two sides are working closely together, laying the groundwork for data-driven discussions, I expect that this will help speed up manufacturing innovation from now on. Hosoya: Both President Nakamura and I place great importance on management discussions and social gathering events and the evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors as matters of governance. The free response section of the annual evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors elicits many dispassionate and unfiltered opinions from our outside directors, which are very helpful and valuable to us. We intend to continue receiving expert and objective knowledge from our outside directors, engaging in frank exchanges of opinion in order to steadily achieve growth, one step at a time. Since June 2021, I have served as the chair of the Board of Directors, the Executive Nomination Meetings, and the Executive Compensation Meetings. I believe that the role of the chair is to enhance corporate governance by utilizing the specific and frank opinions, and the new perspectives, provided by outside directors in management. While it is important to build structures, corporate governance is meaningless without effectiveness. In the annual evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors, we receive many specific and constructive opinions from our outside directors. In FYE March 2022, we had a number of discussions at the Executive Compensation Meeting regarding the design of the executive compensation system, which had been raised as an issue in the previous year’s evaluation. This fiscal year, we decided to incorporate the degree of employee engagement (Employee Satisfaction Rating) as a new non-financial evaluation in the executive compensation system, linked to the mid-term management vision. We have also been receiving a number of requests via the open-endedopinions and questions section of the effectiveness evaluation as topics for the Board of Directors and the management discussions and social gathering events, and we are taking these up as strategic themes that management should address. Inevitably, there will be gaps in how much information internal and external directors have. Therefore, we try to ensure that they have a common understanding of the topics to be discussed by providing detailed briefings in advance so that they can engage in lively discussions. The topics of the most recent management discussions and social gathering events have ranged from pressing issues to long-term directions, including procurement strategy, connected car strategy, electrification strategy, and aerospace business strategy. From time to time, we receive harsh opinions from the outside directors, but I believe that all of their comments come from a place of wanting to find ways to make SUBARU a better company. In this way, we are gradually enhancing our system for strengthening governance that can sustainably increase SUBARU’s corporate value. Going forward, we will continue to carefully assess the direction of governance reform in the world, treasure the values of the SUBARU Group, and steadily improve the effectiveness of our corporate governance step-by-step with the knowledge of our outside directors, leading to sustainable growth. Kazuo Hosoya Director and Chairman Miwako Doi Outside Director Appointed as outside director in June 2020 Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 54 55 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data Increasing transparency of management Strengthening of oversight functions Objective and transparent procedures Initiatives to enhance corporate value over the medium to long term Appropriate function of the Board of Directors 1999 Adopted a corporate vice president system 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2003 Reduced length of director terms from two years to one year 2007 Abolished executive officer retirement bonus system 2004 Established Executive Nomination Meeting 2004 Established Executive Compensation Meeting Established Corporate Governance Guidelines Introduced restricted stock compensation plan (ROE, quantitative evaluation) Reduction of cross-shareholdings Added non-financial evaluation (employee satisfaction, qualitative evaluation) Start of evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors 60 issues 32 issues 30 issues 18 issues 10 issues 4 issues 2 issues Abolished senior advisor system Female director Ratio of outside directors: one third or more Female director Ratio of outside directors: one half or more Independent outside directors: 1 Independent outside corporate auditors: 1 2 2 3 3 3 Outside directors participating: 2 Activities for Strengthening Corporate Governance Message from the Chairman of the Board of Directors

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation
[TABLE] 2010 | 2011 | 2012 | 2013 | 2014 | 2015 | 2016 | 2017 | 2018 | 2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022
[TABLE] 1999 Ado | pted a co | rporate vic | e presiden | t system
[TABLE] 2003 Red | uced leng | th of direct | or terms fr | om two ye | ars to one | year
[TABLE] 2007 Abo | lished exe | cutive offic | er retirem | ent bonus | system
[TABLE] Establish | ed Corpora | te Govern | ance Guid | elines
[TABLE] Abolishe | d senior ad | visor syste | m
[TABLE] Inde | pendent ou | tside directo | rs: 1 | 2 | 3
[TABLE] Ratio of o
one third | utside dire
or more | ctors:
[TABLE] Female d | irector
[TABLE] Ind | Ind | ependent o | utside corpo | rate auditor | s: 1 | 2 | 3
[TABLE] Female d | irector
[TABLE] 2004 Esta | blished Ex | ecutive No | mination | Meeting
[TABLE] 2004 Esta | blished Ex | ecutive Co | mpensatio | n Meeting
[TABLE] Outs | Outs | ide director | s participati | ng: 2 | Ratio of o
one half | 3
[TABLE] n plan
[TABLE] Introduce
(ROE, qu | d restricte
antitative e | d stock co
valuation) | mpensatio
[TABLE] Reductio | n of cross-s | hareholdin | gs
[TABLE] 60 issues | 32 issues | 30 issues | 18 issues | 10 issues | 4 issues | 2 issues
[TABLE] Start of e | valuation o | f the effec | tiveness of | the Board | of Directo | rs
[TABLE] 2

[PAGE 30]
Corporate Governance Basic Policy SUBARU has articulated the vision “Delivering happiness to all” and works on the enhancement of corporate governance as one of the top priorities of management, in order to gain the satisfaction and trust of all its stakeholders by achieving sustainable growth and improving its corporate value in the medium and long term based on the Corporate Statement outlined below. <Vision> Delivering happiness to all <Value statement> “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” <Corporate statement> We aim to be a compelling company with a strong market presence built upon our customer-first principle. SUBARU clearly separates the function of decision making and the oversight of corporate management from that of the execution of business operations, and aims to realize effective corporate management by expediting decision making. In addition, SUBARU seeks to ensure proper decision making and the oversight of corporate management and the execution of business operations, as well as enhance its risk management system and compliance system through the monitoring of its management and operations and advice provided by outside officers. We also implement proper and timely disclosure of information in order to improve the transparency of management. Corporate Governance Structure SUBARU has chosen a structure with a board of corporate auditors. The Board of Directors (nine members, of which three are outside directors) and the Board of Corporate Auditors (five members, of which three are outside corporate auditors) decide, supervise, and audit the execution of important business. This structure also enables us to achieve more sound and efficient business operations through increased effectiveness of management monitoring, by involving highly independent outside directors and outside corporate auditors. At SUBARU, in order to enhance the practical governance structure based on our present organizational design, we have established two voluntary meetings: the Executive Nomination Meeting (consisting of five directors, of which three are outside directors) and the Executive Compensation Meeting (also consisting of five directors, of which three are outside directors). In regard to the business operation system, SUBARU has established the Executive Management Board Meeting as a preliminary consultation body to conduct deliberations on company-wide management strategies and the execution of important business before their presentation at the Board of Directors Meeting. In addition, SUBARU has adopted a vice president system and established the Executive Board Meeting as the decision-making body of each business department, and converted the Aerospace division into an internal company in order to clarify responsibilities and accelerate the execution of business operations. Accounting auditors General Meeting of Shareholders Executive Management Board Meeting Corporate operations departments at HQ Executive Meeting Executive Meeting Automotive Business Unit Vice Presidents Aerospace Company Group Companies Corporate Governance Meeting Sustainability Committee Executive Nomination Meeting* Executive Compensation Meeting* Social Contribution Committee Environmental Committee Risk Management and Compliance Committee Chairman: President and CEO Decision making and oversight functions Business operations execution functions Board of Corporate Auditors: 5 Corporate auditors: 2 Outside corporate auditors: 3 Board of Directors: 9 Directors: 6 Outside directors: 3 Internal Audit Department Election and dismissal Reporting Auditing Auditing Collaboration Auditing Reporting Reporting Accounting auditing Reporting Internal auditing Reporting Reporting Election and dismissal Proposal and reporting Appointment, dismissal and oversight Transfer of authority and oversight Submission/reporting of important matters Submission and reporting Election and dismissal Submission/reporting of important matters Policy instruction and approval of plans, etc. Plan proposal and reporting, etc. * The Executive Nomination Meeting and Executive Compensation Meeting each consist of three outside directors and two internal directors. Collaboration Collaboration Independent outside directors 3 out of 5 60.0% Female corporate auditors 3 out of 5 60.0% Female directors 1out of 9 11.1% Independent outside directors 3 out of 9 33.3% Organization Executive Nomination Meeting Executive Compensation Meeting Chairman Chairman of Board of Directors Chairman of Board of Directors Composition Independent Outside Directors: 3, Directors: 2 Independent Outside Directors: 3, Directors: 2 Role/ responsibility To ensure the fairness and transparency of decisions on executive appointment, and based on ample deliberation by its membership, a majority of which is independent outside directors, this committee submits proposals to the Board of Directors regarding policies for the composition of the Board of Directors, the appointment or dismissal of the CEO and other top management members, and the nomination of candidates for directors and corporate auditors. It also determines and makes proposals for appointment, dismissal, and nomination for the same. To ensure objectivity and transparency in decisions on compensation for directors, the Executive Compensation Meeting, as a voluntary committee and on the basis of delegation by the Board of Directors, determines individual compensation amounts per director and other issues after ample deliberation. Where matters concern the executive compensation system in general, such as its revision, the Board of Directors deliberates on proposals approved by the Executive Compensation Meeting and decides on them by resolution. Meetings held in FYE March 2022 2 times 7 times Items deliberated in FYE March 2022 The Executive Nomination Meeting discussed matters concerning the submission of reports on the executive structure and appointments, the division of duties of executives, and the appointment of representatives of major subsidiaries. The Executive Compensation Meeting submitted revised policy drafts for determining director compensation systems and details of compensation for individual directors, while deciding on performance-linked compensation for directors (except for outside directors) and corporate vice presidents based on evaluations and the amount of compensation claims in respect of restricted stock compensation for each individual recipient. Independent outside directors 3 out of 5 60.0% Board of Directors (Independence) Executive Nomination Meeting (Independence) Executive Compensation Meeting (Independence) Board of Corporate Auditors (Gender Diversity) Board of Directors (Gender Diversity) Number of Board of Directors’ Meetings Held and Attendance Rate Category 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 Number of meetings held 17 16 13 12 13 Attendance rate 99.0% 98.4% 100.0% 100.0% 100.0% (FY) Organization Board of Directors Board of Corporate Auditors Chairman Chairman of Board of Directors Standing Corporate Auditor Composition Directors: 6, Outside directors: 3 Standing Corporate Auditors: 2, Outside Corporate Auditors: 3 *1 Role/ responsibility The Board of Directors ensures fairness and transparency by performing the oversight function for overall management and makes the best decisions possible for the Company through appointment, evaluation and resolution regarding the compensation of its CEO and other management team members, the assessment of material risks faced by the Company and the development of measures to deal with such risks, and decisions on the execution of important business of the Company. The Board takes these actions in the interest of effective corporate governance, as well as sustainable growth and improvement of corporate value over the medium to long term. The Board of Corporate Auditors, as an independent organization entrusted by shareholders, is responsible for ensuring the sound and sustainable growth of SUBARU and establishing a high-quality corporate governance system that can be trusted by society by performing audits of the execution of duties by directors, passing resolutions on the contents of proposal items regarding the appointment and dismissal, or non-reappointment, of accounting auditors that are to be submitted to the General Meeting of Shareholders, and performing business audits, accounting audits and other matters prescribed by laws and regulations. Meetings held in FYE March 2022 13 times *2 12 times *1 In FYE March 2022, there were four corporate auditors, including two outside corporate auditors. *2 In addition to the number of times Board of Directors’ meetings were held as stated in the table above, there was one written resolution that was deemed equivalent to a Board of Directors’ meeting in accordance with Article 370 of the Companies Act and the Articles of Incorporation of the Company. Note: In addition to the number of Board of Directors’ meetings shown in the above table, there was one written resolution passed in FYE March 2019, two in FYE March 2020, one in FYE March 2021, and one in FYE March 2022 that were deemed equivalent to a Board of Directors’ meeting, pursuant to Article 370 of the Companies Act and the Articles of Incorporation. Attendance rates for newly appointed directors are calculated based on the number of Board of Directors’ meetings held after their appointment. https://www.subaru.co.jp/en/csr/governance/corporate/ For other corporate governance information, please visit: Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 56 57 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data Executive Nomination and Executive Compensation Meetings Board of Directors and Board of Corporate Auditors

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation
[TABLE] Organization
[TABLE] Chairman
[TABLE] Composition
[TABLE] Role/
responsibility
[TABLE] Meetings held in
FYE March 2022
[TABLE] Category | 2017 | 2018 | 2019 | 2020 | 2021
[TABLE] Organization
[TABLE] Chairman
[TABLE] Composition
[TABLE] Role/
responsibility
[TABLE] Meetings held in
FYE March 2022
[TABLE] Items deliberated
in FYE March
2022
[TABLE] Board of Directors: 9 Executive Nomination Meeting*
Directors: 6
Executive Compensation Meeting*
Outside directors: 3 * The Executive Nomination Meeting and
Executive Compensation Meeting each
consist of three outside directors and
two internal directors. | Decision
oversight
making
functions
and
[TABLE] Executive Nomination Meeting*
[TABLE] Executive Compensation Meeting*
[TABLE] Corporate auditors: 2
[TABLE] Outside corporate auditors: 3
[TABLE] Directors: 6
[TABLE] Outside directors: 3
[TABLE] Reporting
[TABLE] Collaboration | Auditing
Reportin
Auditing
[TABLE] Auditing
Reportin
Auditing | Auditing
[TABLE] Reporting
[TABLE] Reportin
Auditing | Reportin
Auditing | g
[TABLE] diting
Reporting
[TABLE] Executive Management Board Meeting
Corporate Governance Meeting
Chairman: President and CEO Submission/reporting
of important matters
Transfer of authority and oversight S o u f b im m p is o s r i t o a n n / t r e m p a o t r t t e in rs g Sustainability Committee
Corporate operations Social Contribution Committee
departments at HQ Vice
Policy instruction and
Automotive Business Unit Executive Meeting Presidents approval of plans, etc. Environmental Committee
Executive Meeting Aerospace Company Plan proposal and Risk Management and
reporting, etc. Compliance Committee
g Group Companies | Business
operations
execution
functions
[TABLE] Corporate operations
[TABLE] departments at HQ
[TABLE] departments at HQ
[TABLE] Automotive Business Unit | Executive Meeting
[TABLE] Aerospace Company Executive Meeting
Group Companies | Aerospace Company | Executive Meeting
[TABLE] Group Companies

[PAGE 31]
Directors/Auditors (As of June 22, 2022) Name Position Female Term Total Years of Service Board of Directors* Board of Corporate Auditors* Executive Nomination Meeting* Executive Compensation Meeting* Main Areas of Expertise Management (executive experience) Technology / Development Manufacturing / Procurement Sales / marketing Global Financial affairs and accounting Legal affairs, compliance and risk management Human Resource Development IT / DX Directors Tomomi Nakamura Representative Director, President and CEO 1 year 4 years Kazuo Hosoya Director, Chairman 3 years Katsuyuki Mizuma Director, Executive Vice President, CFO and CRMO 1 year Tetsuo Onuki Director, Executive Vice President 4 years Atsushi Osaki Director, Executive Vice President 1 year Fumiaki Hayata Director, Executive Vice President 1 year Yasuyuki Abe Independent Outside Director 3 years Natsunosuke Yago Independent Outside Director 3 years Miwako Doi Independent Outside Director 2 years Corporate Auditors Yoichi Kato Standing Corporate Auditor 4 years 1 year Hiromi Tsutsumi Standing Corporate Auditor 2 years Shigeru Nosaka Independent Outside Corporate Auditor 3 years Kyoko Okada Independent Outside Corporate Auditor 3 years Yuri Furusawa Independent Outside Corporate Auditor Newly appointed * and indicate attendance of the chairman and other members, respectively Note: The list above does not cover the entire scope of knowledge held by the Directors and Corporate Auditors. Approach to the CEO Succession Plan SUBARU recognizes that decision making regarding top management changes (e.g., the CEO) and successor selection may have a critical influence on corporate value. Therefore, in order to ensure a successful succession at the right timing, we invest substantial time and resources to carefully develop and implement succession plans. In order to hand over the business to the right person, the Board of Directors, as part of its essential duties, develops succession plans that can convince all stakeholder groups. To ensure objectivity and transparency in the process for deciding on the replacement and selection of the CEO, the Board of Directors appropriately supervises the preparation of proposals by the current CEO through discussions at the Executive Nomination Meeting. To be able to implement succession plans appropriately, the CEO begins to prepare for selection and development of their successor candidates independently upon assuming office. Key processes for this purpose include providing information on candidates to outside directors on an ongoing basis, particularly by enabling the directors to monitor the candidates in person continuously in day-to-day business settings, as a measure to ensure appropriate and timely evaluation and selection down the road. The Board of Directors and Executive Nomination Meeting meet on a regular basis to review the list of essential qualities and skills required of the CEO, which may include removing and adding items, in consideration of perception of current trends, changes in the business environment surrounding the company, and the future direction of the Group’s business strategies. To ensure the objectivity of the successor selection process and increase the effectiveness of its supervision by the Board of Directors and Executive Nomination Meeting, it is important to have effective selection criteria in place, particularly for use by outside directors. To this end, SUBARU discloses two sets of criteria: “Abilities required of the SUBARU Group’s CEO” and “Five key qualities required of the SUBARU Group’s CEO.” These criteria serve as a guide for evaluating candidates in light of quality, competency, experience, track record, specialized expertise, personality, and other factors, which have been discussed and decided on by the Board of Directors and Executive Nomination Meeting. Abilities required of the SUBARU Group’s CEO The SUBARU Group’s CEO must be able to: properly understand the business environment surrounding SUBARU, its corporate culture and philosophy, business growth stages, and medium- to long-term management strategies and challenges; facilitate collaboration appropriately with various stakeholders; and lead all executives and employees to work together to maximize corporate value. Five key qualities required of the SUBARU Group’s CEO 1. Integrity 2. Broad perspective 3. Character 4. Tireless spirit or revolutionary leadership skills 5. Person of action Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 58 59 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation
[TABLE] Name | Position | Female | Term | Total Years
of Service | Board of
Directors* | Board of
Corporate
Auditors* | Executive
Nomination
Meeting* | Executive
Compensation
Meeting* | Main Areas of Expertise
[TABLE] Management
(executive
experience) | Technology /
Development | Manufacturing /
Procurement | Sales /
marketing | Global | Financial
affairs and
accounting | Legal affairs,
compliance
and risk
management | Human
Resource
Development | IT / DX

[PAGE 32]
Outside Directors/Outside Corporate Auditors Nomination Criteria • The outside directors are expected to perform a monitoring function independent from the management team and provide appropriate advice on management on the basis of a wide range of sophisticated knowledge. • The outside corporate auditors are expected to perform a management oversight function independent from the management team and undertake their role of auditing from the viewpoint of legality and appropriateness on the basis of broad and advanced knowledge. • SUBARU has established criteria for independence of outside officers in addition to the criteria for independence established by the Tokyo Stock Exchange, and appoints outside directors and outside corporate auditors who meet those criteria. Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 60 61 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data Category Programs Provided in FYE March 2022 All executives (including outside officers) • Newly appointed directors and vice presidents participated in three-day external seminar programs One director participated in a total of five programs on corporate governance University-held public courses were offered on a voluntary and selective basis • Classroom lectures by invited experts were held for all executives to discuss management issues (Total of seven sessions held) • Seminars by invited experts in specified topics, including about the Companies Act, were offered via on-demand streaming (Total of two sessions held) Outside directors Outside corporate auditors • Business-related briefings from, and discussions with, vice presidents and others • Management roundtable discussions attended by all 13 directors and corporate auditors (two meetings, one held every six months) • Outside directors and outside corporate auditors participated in in-house presentations and exhibits about future technologies and quality solutions Category Training Policy/ Major Ongoing Programs Directors Corporate auditors Policy SUBARU provides its directors and corporate auditors with information and knowledge regarding its business activities that is necessary for them to fulfill their responsibilities to oversee and audit management directors and corporate auditors on an ongoing basis with information • Refresher courses focusing on information regarding the Companies Act and other laws and regulations related to corporate governance • Participation in seminars and programs hosted by government agencies, Japan Federation of Economic Organizations, Japan Association of Corporate Directors, Japan Audit & Supervisory Board Members Association, etc. Outside directors Outside corporate auditors Policy SUBARU provides its outside officers on an ongoing basis with information relating to the Company’s corporate statement, corporate culture, business environment, and other matters, mainly through arranging appropriate opportunities, such as operations briefings from business divisions and factory tours, as well as creating an environment for officers to share information and exchange opinions more easily. • The following programs are provided to outside Board members at the time of appointment and subsequently to keep them updated: - Opportunities for discussions with and briefings from responsible vice presidents about the corporate statement, corporate culture, business environment, and the performance, situation and issues of each business division/department - Inspection tours at manufacturing/R&D/distribution sites - Discussions with directors and corporate auditors on management issues - Social gatherings with directors and corporate auditors - Participation in company-wide business events, such as improvement activity debriefing sessions Vice Presidents Policy SUBARU gives vice presidents similar opportunities as those given to directors and corporate auditors, for the purpose of developing human resources to lead its management in the future. • Participation in external programs aimed at fostering the mindset required for executive management and motivating self-improvement actions • Lectures by invited experts in specific topics to share and increase literacy in the related field (legal affairs, compliance, IT, the SDGs, media response, etc.) • Strategy-building camps for all vice presidents • Recommendation and support for participation in appropriate external seminars and programs * Expenses to be incurred for offering the above training to directors and corporate auditors, including outside officers and vice presidents are borne by the company. Executive Officer Training Reasons for Appointing the Outside Officers and Major Activities Name Independent Officer Status* Reasons for Appointing Meeting Attendance (FYE March 2022) Significant Concurrent Positions (As of June 30, 2022) Board of Directors Board of Corporate Auditors Yasuyuki Abe As representative director and senior managing executive officer of Sumitomo Corporation, Mr. Yasuyuki Abe has been involved in management in both a supervisory and executional capacity, possesses extensive experience and knowledge in business management, and has an advanced understanding of the IT field. Mr. Abe has served three years as an independent outside corporate auditor for the Company since June 2016. During his tenure, he has supervised the execution of duties conducted by directors, as well as understood the true nature of the problems facing the Company and offered his frank opinions to senior management in a timely and appropriate manner. In June 2019, Mr. Abe was appointed to the position of independent outside director and has been providing beneficial advice to the Company’s management. In light of this, the Company appointed Mr. Abe with the expectation that he will provide sufficient advice and oversight of all aspects of the Company’s management from an independent perspective as an outside director of the Company. Attended 13 of 13 meetings — Outside Director, HOYA Corporation Director, Chairman, WASEDA University Ventures, Inc. Advisor, ORANGE AND PARTNERS CO., LTD. Natsunosuke Yago Mr. Natsunosuke Yago served successively as president and representative executive officer and chairman at Ebara Corporation, and has extensive experience and knowledge in business management. Mr. Yago is especially knowledgeable in the areas of internal control and governance. In June 2019, the Company appointed him to the position of independent outside director. Given that he has been providing beneficial advice to the Company’s management based on his rich experience and wide range of knowledge, and high level of insight into the Company’s social responsibilities, we appointed Mr. Yago with the expectation that he will provide sufficient advice and oversight of all aspects of the Company’s management from an independent perspective as an outside director of the Company. Attended 13 of 13 meetings — President, Ebara Hatakeyama Memorial Foundation Outside Director, J. FRONT RETAILING Co., Ltd. Miwako Doi As a researcher and supervisor in the field of information technology at Toshiba Corporation, Ms. Miwako Doi has accumulated vast experience and made many achievements in this field over many years. In addition, she has held successive positions, mainly in government committees, owing to her high level of expertise and extensive experience and knowledge. In June 2020, the Company appointed her to the position of independent outside director. Given that she has been providing beneficial advice to the Company’s management for the generation of new innovation, we appointed Ms. Doi with the expectation that she will provide sufficient advice and oversight of all aspects of the Company’s management from an independent perspective as an outside director of the Company. Attended 13 of 13 meetings — Auditor, National Institute of Information and Communications Technology (NICT) (part-time) Executive Vice President, Tohoku University (part-time) Executive Director, Nara Institute of Science and Technology (part-time) Outside Director, Isetan Mitsukoshi Holdings Ltd. Outside Director, NGK Spark Plug Co., Ltd. Shigeru Nosaka Mr. Shigeru Nosaka has been involved in management in both a supervisory and executional capacity as a director, executive deputy president and deputy chairman and CFO at Oracle Corporation Japan and possesses extensive experience and knowledge in business management. In June 2019, Mr. Nosaka was appointed to the position of independent outside corporate auditor and has been providing beneficial advice to the Company’s management based on his wide range of insights into finance and accounting in corporate activities. In light of this, the Company appointed Mr. Nosaka with the expectation that he will appropriately perform the duties as an outside corporate auditor of the Company. Attended 13 of 13 meetings Attended 12 of 12 meetings Corporate Auditor, dotD, Inc. Advisor, AI Dynamics Inc. Japan Kyoko Okada Ms. Kyoko Okada has accumulated extensive experience and knowledge in areas such as CSR and corporate culture at Shiseido Co., Ltd. and has a career in management auditing as a corporate auditor at Shiseido. In June 2019, Ms. Okada was appointed to the position of independent outside corporate auditor and has been providing beneficial advice to the Company’s management based on her wide range of insights into CSR and corporate culture in corporate activities. In light of this, the Company has once again appointed Ms. Okada with the expectation that she will appropriately perform the duties as an outside corporate auditor of the Company. Attended 13 of 13 meetings Attended 12 of 12 meetings Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Daio Paper Corporation Outside Director, JACCS Co., Ltd. Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member, NEC Corporation Yuri Furusawa Ms. Yuri Furusawa has held key positions in the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism, and has been involved in the promotion of workstyle reform, active participation by women and diversity in the Cabinet Secretariat, as well as in overseas business development in the private sector, giving her a broad perspective and a high level of insight. Based on this background, we expect that she will appropriately perform her duties as an outside corporate auditor of the Company from an independent standpoint. Therefore, we believe her to be qualified for the position and nominated her as an outside corporate auditor. Newly appointed Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Kubota Corporation * Independent officers: Outside directors and outside corporate auditors with no risk of a conflict of interest with general shareholders as stipulated by the stock exchange. Outside Directors Outside Corporate Auditors

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation
[TABLE] Category | Training Policy/ Major Ongoing Programs
[TABLE] Name | Independent
Officer
Status* | Reasons for Appointing | Meeting Attendance
(FYE March 2022) | Significant Concurrent Positions
(As of June 30, 2022)
[TABLE] Board of
Directors | Board of
Corporate Auditors
[TABLE] Category | Programs Provided in FYE March 2022

[PAGE 33]
Effectiveness Evaluation of the Board of Directors SUBARU’s Board of Directors (BoD) analyzes and evaluates the Board’s effectiveness in accordance with the Corporate Governance Guidelines and considers and implements improvements to address any issues identified. In FYE March 2022, the BoD confirmed efforts to address issues recognized in the previous year, based on monitoring of points raised in the previous year’s evaluation. It also gathered, analyzed, and evaluated views on issues for speedy Board discussion and investigation, based on the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and dramatic changes in the business environment surrounding the automobile industry. Methods of evaluation and analysis (1) Timing: January 2022 (3) Process: Self-evaluation using a questionnaire prepared by a third-party body (a) Third-party body conducts anonymous self-evaluation survey of directors and auditors (b) Third-party body aggregates and analyzes responses (c) BoD verifies and discusses report received from third-party body Respondents evaluated themselves on a four-point scale. They were also free to add their own thoughts on points of excellence relating to the BoD and points requiring enhanced BoD effectiveness, before submitting the questionnaire directly to the third-party body. Evaluation Results Based on the report received from the third-party body aggregating and analyzing results, the SUBARU BoD discussed and confirmed the following points: As in previous fiscal years, the results confirmed that BoD management entails the conduct of free, open, and sound discussion. Points confirmed as strengths in previous evaluations (chairman’s leadership, responses to cross-shareholding, and size of the BoD) continued to be evaluated highly, confirming that Board strengths are being passed down systematically and sustained. Evaluation scores greatly improved for last financial year’s issue of executive compensation system design, including incentive-based compensation, as a result of active discussions on the review of the executive compensation system. Evaluations improved on discussions of strengthening governance and responding to social and environmental problems as a result of active discussions on responding to revisions to Japan’s Corporate Governance Code. Regarding the ongoing issue of discussion of medium- to long-term management strategy, evaluation scores improved, if only slightly, as a result of careful discussion on the disclosure of our progress report for the mid-term management vision “STEP.” Although evaluation scores fell regarding the risk management system, we recognize that this is due to supply chain disruptions caused by semiconductor shortages, and we have confirmed that the risk management system and its operation are properly established. Since four (three directors and one corporate auditor) of the 13 executives are newly appointed, and the evaluation criteria may differ for each executive, we believe that caution is required when making simple comparisons with the previous evaluation. Areas previously recognized as problematic where significant progress was acknowledged this year: (1) Enhancing discussion of medium- to long-term management strategy We recognize that we have deepened the understanding of SUBARU’s business environment, especially among outside executives, through careful discussions upon the disclosure of the mid-term management vision "STEP" and ample discussions on our environmental portfolio at management discussions and social gathering events*. Based on these results, we have decided to continue to address this issue, recognizing that the discussion of medium- to long-term management strategy requires further enhancement in both quality and quantity, given the lack of clarity and certainty in trends in the automobile industry. * Events for the exchange of opinions on important topics for SUBARU, held by directors and corporate auditors but not requiring resolution (2) Discussions on the executive compensation system design, including incentive compensation After active discussion, in which outside executives offered constructive opinions on the compensation structure and incentive design, a decision was made to revise the compensation system to be linked to the mid-term management vision. In response to the demands of the times regarding corporate governance and to SUBARU’s business environment, the Executive Compensation Meeting will continue to examine issues so that the executive compensation system will function as an appropriate incentive for the management team. (3) Discussions on improvement of group governance The group governance management system has been making steady progress every year, including timely and appropriate reporting of important issues to the BoD. The BoD’s supervisory responsibility over group governance has been increasing, and it will continue with regular monitoring so as to further strengthen the management system. Future Initiatives The BoD will continue its efforts to deepen discussions of and improve the quality of, the medium- to long-term management strategy. With regard to risk management systems and operations, the BoD will also expand discussions on the establishment of a system to appropriately address newly identified risks, in light of the increased sensitivity to risk management due to supply chain disruptions caused by semiconductor shortages. In taking these and other actions, it will strive to maintain and improve BoD effectiveness with the aim of continuing to enhance medium- to long-term corporate value and achieving sustainable growth. Evaluation Items Category Diagnostic Item 1. Operational structure of the Board of Directors (1) Composition of the Board of Directors Size of the Board of Directors Composition of the Board of Directors (ratio of inside to outside directors) Composition of the Board of Directors (diversity and expertise) (2) Operation of the Board of Directors Frequency, length, and time allocation of meetings Relevance of agenda items Quality and quantity of documents Timing of document distribution Prior explanation Content of explanations and reports (3) Decision-making process Leadership by the Chair Adequate discussion — (4) Support system for the Board of Directors Environment and systems for the provision of information Provision of information to outside directors Training of outside directors Training of inside directors — — (5) Involvement in the Board of Directors Attitudes to initiatives Company-wide perspective Mutual respect Diverse values Stakeholder perspectives — 2. Supervisory functions of the Board of Directors (1) Supervisory functions of the Board of Directors Reporting system Supervision of corporate management — (2) Risk management system of the Board of Directors Risk management system Subsidiary management system Provision of information and measures to combat risk System for managing progress of response measures Penetration of compliance awareness — (3) Status of discussions by the Board of Directors Discussion of management strategy Discussion of capital policy Discussion of cross-shareholding for policy purposes Discussion of strengthening governance Response to social and environmental problems — (4) Nomination and compensation of executives Composition of the Executive Appointment Committee and Executive Compensation Committee Cultivating successors Incentive compensation 3. Dialogue with shareholders Dialogue with shareholders Sharing the views of shareholders and investors Enhancing dialogue with shareholders and investors — Results of the Questionnaire Supervisory functions of the Board of Directors Risk management system of the Board of Directors Status of discussions by the Board of Directors Nomination and compensation of executives Dialogue with shareholders 4.0 3.0 2.0 1.0 FYE March 2022 FYE March 2021 Evaluation scale 4.0: Excellent 1.0: Poor Composition of the Board of Directors Operation of the Board of Directors Involvement in the Board of Directors 4.0 FYE March 2022 FYE March 2021 Evaluation scale 4.0: Excellent 1.0: Poor 3.0 2.0 1.0 Decision-making process Support system for the Board of Directors Operational Structure of the Board of Directors Supervisory Function of the Board of Directors and Dialogue with Shareholders (2) Respondents: Directors and auditors (13 in total) (4) Questions: (a) BoD management structure (b) BoD oversight function (c) Shareholder dialogue (d) Views on key efforts undertaken this year (e) Issues for next year onward (f) Views on other matters Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 62 63 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation
[TABLE] Category | Diagnostic Item

[PAGE 34]
Compensation for Directors Matters Concerning the Policy for Determining Details of Compensation for Individual Directors As of FYE March 2023, SUBARU has revised its restricted stock compensation plan introduced in FYE March 2018 for the purpose of providing directors with an incentive for sustained improvement of the Company’s corporate value over the medium to long term and having directors further share value with the shareholders. With this revision, the Company has added a variable compensation type linking the number of shares granted to the achievement levels for target performance. In revising the stock compensation plan, the Board of Directors, at its meeting held on March 3, 2022, decided that the policy for determining details of compensation for individual directors, which had been deliberated by the Executive Compensation Meeting, would be subject to approval at the 91st Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 22, 2022. The proposed policy proposal was approved as proposed at the meeting. Summary of Revisions to Director Compensation in FYE March 2023 Revised compensation structure The ratio of compensation for the Representative Director, President and CEO has been set as 45% for basic compensation, 30% for annual performance-linked bonus, and 25% for restricted stock compensation (15% for variable compensation type (PSU *1) + 10% for fixed compensation type (RS *2)) upon achievement of the key performance indicators (KPIs) set forth in the mid-term management vision “STEP.” As before, basic compensation is the sole compensation paid to outside directors in view of their roles of fulfilling monitoring and oversight functions of corporate management from an independent position. *1 PSU: Performance share unit *2 RS: Restricted stock Annual performance-linked bonuses (Short-term incentive) We have set up a compensation table more closely linking compensation to annual performance the higher the rank, based on the KPI of consolidated profit before tax for the fiscal year under review. Based on this table, cash compensation is paid at a certain time of each year. For executive vice presidents, senior vice presidents, and vice presidents, specific amounts will be determined after taking into consideration annual performance and level of contribution to human resource development. Such compensation will not be paid to outside directors. Restricted stock compensation (Medium- and long-term incentive) The Company introduced a fixed compensation type (RS) restricted stock compensation in FYE March 2018. With this revision, in order to encourage the achievement of the goals in the SUBARU Group’s mid-term management vision, we have added variable compensation type (PSU) restricted stock to the compensation structure to increase the weight of stock compensation. In addition, the KPIs for the variable compensation type (PSU) will be reviewed in conjunction with updates to the mid-term management vision and management indicators. For this revision, consolidated ROE will be used for quantitative (financial) evaluation and employee engagement (employee satisfaction rating) will be used for qualitative (non- financial) evaluation. Such compensation will not be paid to outside directors. 1. Basic policy As a basic policy, compensation for directors of the Company is determined in view of the following items: (1) Compensation is at a level commensurate with the roles and responsibilities of directors and is appropriate, fair, and balanced. (2) The compensation structure is determined by giving consideration to providing motivation for sustained improvement in corporate performance and corporate value and securing excellent human resources. Specifically, for directors (excluding outside directors), compensation is composed of basic compensation, annual performance-linked bonuses, and restricted stock compensation (for non-residents, phantom stock instead of restricted stock). For outside directors, the Company pays only basic compensation in view of their roles of fulfilling monitoring and oversight functions of corporate management from an independent position. The total compensation for individual directors and the levels of each compensation item are set for every position, depending on differences in responsibility, by utilizing the research data compiled by outside specialized agencies. 2. Policy for determining the amount of monetary compensation excluding performance- linked compensation (hereinafter, the “Fixed Monetary Compensation”), performance-linked compensation, and non-monetary compensation (including the policy for determining the timing or conditions for granting such compensation) (1) Policy for the Fixed Monetary Compensation Directors receive the Fixed Monetary Compensation monthly as basic compensation. The amount for individual directors is determined based on their positions, taking into consideration elements such as the business environment. (2) Policy for performance-linked compensation For annual performance-linked bonuses for directors (excluding outside directors), we have set up a compensation table based on rank and the KPI of consolidated profit before tax for the fiscal year under review. Based on this table, cash compensation is paid at a certain time of each year. In addition, in order to encourage the achievement of goals in the Group’s medium- to long-term strategy, a portion of restricted stock compensation (described in (3) below) to be granted as non-monetary compensation will be PSUs, where the number of shares granted is linked to the degree to which performance targets are achieved. In addition to consolidated ROE, which is the financial indicator emphasized in our medium-term strategy, we will adopt employee engagement as a non-financial KPI for these PSUs. The Company will review the KPIs for annual performance-linked bonuses and PSUs as needed, based on changes in the environment and reports from the Executive Compensation Meeting. (3) Policy for non-monetary compensation The Company grants restricted stock compensation to directors (excluding outside directors) for the purpose of providing them an incentive for sustained improvement of the Company’s corporate value and further value sharing with shareholders. For restricted stock compensation, a portion shall be provided as the fixed compensation type, with the rest as the variable compensation type. Both of these shall be prohibited from being transferred during the recipient’s term of office, and this restriction on transfer shall be lifted upon their retirement. For fixed compensation-type restricted stock compensation (RS), shares of the Company’s common stock are granted at a certain time each year at an amount equivalent to a base amount determined in consideration of the Company’s business performance, responsibilities of each director, and other factors. For variable compensation-type restricted stock compensation (PSUs), units (one unit = one share) are granted at a certain time each year at an amount equivalent to a base amount determined in consideration of the Company’s business performance, responsibilities of each director, and other factors. After an evaluation period, shares of the Company’s common stock are granted at an amount equivalent to the number of units multiplied by a payout ratio (50% to 100%) determined in accordance with achievement levels for performance indicator targets. The maximum number of shares of the Company’s common stock to be granted as restricted stock compensation to directors, for RS and PSUs combined, is 150,000 per year. In addition, the Company and its directors shall enter into a restricted stock allotment agreement that includes an overview and provisions that state (1) Company executives shall not, while they serve in their positions as executives and for a set period of time, transfer, create a security interest on, or otherwise dispose of the shares of the Company’s common stock that have been allotted to them, and (2) the Company may acquire the said shares of its common stock without compensation if certain events occur. If a director is a non-resident of Japan at the time shares are granted, the Company shall grant phantom stock in place of and equivalent to the restricted stock compensation that would have been granted, and the stock shall also be treated in accordance with the restricted stock allotment agreement. 3. Policy for determining the proportion of the Fixed Monetary Compensation, performance-linked compensation, and non-monetary compensation to the total amount of compensation, etc. for individual directors The Company has set the following as a general guideline for proportions of compensation by type for directors (excluding outside directors), in reference to the compensation levels and compensation mix of companies of a similar scale to the Company or industry peers obtained through an external research company, and in consideration of factors such as the Company’s overall salary level and social situations (performance-based compensation is a proportion of the base amount). Breakdown Rate Basic compensation Annual performance-linked compensation Restricted stock compensation President Directors other than the President RS PSU Fixed monetary compensation 45% 50% Performance-linked compensation 45% 40% Non-monetary compensation 25% 20% The Company shall appropriately review the compensation level and compensation mix in consideration of the Company’s business environment, as well as the situation of companies of a similar scale to the Company or industry peers, and other circumstances based on reports from the Executive Compensation Meeting. 4. Matters concerning the determination of details of compensation, etc. for individual directors The Executive Compensation Meeting, by a resolution of and upon delegation by the Board of Directors, determines specific amounts of compensation, etc. for individual directors, following sufficient deliberation by its members including outside directors. Its authorities include the determination of specific amounts of basic compensation, annual performance- linked bonuses, and restricted stock compensation, as well as their payment schedule. For restricted stock compensation, the number of shares allotted to individual directors is determined by the resolution of the Board of Directors based on decisions of the Executive Compensation Meeting. In regard to revisions of the compensation system and other matters pertaining to compensation overall, proposals approved by the Executive Compensation Meeting are deliberated and decided on by the Board of Directors. To ensure transparency and effectiveness of the executive compensation determination process, the Executive Compensation Meeting shall, by a resolution of the Board of Directors, be structured so that the majority of its members are outside directors, and its chairman shall be appointed by a resolution of the Board of Directors. The Policy for Determining Details of Compensation for Individual Directors Total Compensation for Directors and Corporate Auditors for FYE March 2022 Classification Number Total Compensation (Millions of yen) Basic Compensation (Paid in fixed monthly installments) Short-term Performance-linked Compensation Restricted Stock Compensation Directors (excluding outside directors) 9 294 51 52 397 Corporate auditors (excluding outside corporate auditors) 3 56 — — 56 Outside directors and outside corporate auditors 5 59 — — 59 Total 17 409 51 52 512 * The above table shows actual compensation payments under the former compensation system. * Figures in the above table include three internal directors and an internal corporate auditor who resigned before the last day of the fiscal year under review. At the end of the year, there were nine directors, including three outside directors, and four corporate auditors, including two outside corporate auditors. * The restricted stock compensation in the above table includes the amount of phantom stock expense recorded for grants to non-residents. Compensation System for Directors (Representative Director, President & CEO) after revisions Basic compensation 45% Annual performance-linked Bonuses 30% Restricted stock compensation Variable compensation type (PSU) 15% Financial Non-financial Fixed compensation type (RS) 10% Fixed portion Short-term incentive Medium- and long-term incentive Compensation System for Directors (excluding outside directors) Basic compensation Short-term performance-linked compensation Restricted stock compensation Fixed portion Performance-linked portion Long-term incentives Matters concerning the resolutions of the General Meetings of Shareholders on compensation, etc. for directors and corporate auditors By a resolution passed at the 85th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders, held in June 2016, the maximum total amount of annual compensation, etc., for directors is 1.2 billion yen (including a maximum 200 million yen for outside directors). The maximum total amount of monetary compensation is 200 million yen per year, within the abovementioned limitation, by a resolution passed at the 86th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders, held in June 2017. By a resolution passed at the 75th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders, held in June 2006, the maximum total amount of annual compensation, etc., for corporate auditors is 100 million yen. Matters concerning delegation of authority over the details of compensation, etc. for individual directors SUBARU has voluntarily set up an Executive Compensation Meeting in order to enhance the effective governance structure based on the existing organizational design. By resolution delegated from the Board of Directors, the Executive Compensation Meeting, of which independent outside directors are a majority of its members, determines specific compensation amounts, etc. of individual directors following sufficient deliberation. Its authorities include the determination of specific amounts of basic compensation, annual performance-linked bonuses, and restricted stock compensation, as well as their payment schedule. For restricted stock compensation, the number of shares allotted to individual directors is determined by the resolution of the Board of Directors based on decisions of the Executive Compensation Meeting. In regard to revisions of the compensation system and other matters pertaining to compensation overall, proposals approved by the Executive Compensation Meeting are deliberated and decided on by the Board of Directors. Composition of compensation Applicable performance indicator (KPI) to compensation composition Annual performance-linked bonuses Consolidated profit before tax Variable compensation type (PSU) restricted stock compensation Financial Consolidated ROE Non-Financial Employee engagement (employee satisfaction rating) * In determining the specific amount of annual performance-linked bonus for executive vice presidents, senior vice presidents, and vice presidents, the Company shall take into consideration consolidated profit before tax and level of contribution to human resource development. Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 64 65 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation
[TABLE] Breakdown | Rate
[TABLE] Basic
compensation | Annual
performance-linked
compensation | Restricted stock
compensation | President | Directors
other
than the
President
[TABLE] RS | PSU
[TABLE] Basic compensation
After | Short-term performance-linked
compensation | Restricted stock
compensation
[TABLE] Basic compensation
45% | Annual performance-linked Bonuses
30% | Restricted stock compensation
[TABLE] Variable compensation
type (PSU) 15% | Fixed
compensation
type (RS) 10%
[TABLE] Financial | Non-financial
[TABLE] Composition of compensation | Applicable performance indicator (KPI) to compensation composition
[TABLE] Classification | Number | Total Compensation (Millions of yen)
[TABLE] Basic Compensation
(Paid in fixed monthly installments) | Short-term Performance-linked
Compensation | Restricted Stock Compensation
[TABLE] 9 | 294 | 51 | 52
[TABLE] 3 | 56 | — | —
[TABLE] 5 | 59 | — | —
[TABLE] Total | 17 | 409 | 51 | 52

[PAGE 35]
Internal Control Management System With the aim of increasing the effectiveness of internal controls and risk management, the Internal Audit Department was made independent of the Risk Management Group, overseen by the Chief Risk Management Officer (CRMO), to ensure a higher level of independence of internal audit departments in the organization and to enhance the effectiveness of internal controls. Internal Control System In accordance with the Companies Act and the Ordinance for Enforcement of the Companies Act, SUBARU’s Board of Directors has adopted a basic policy on putting in place systems that ensure that the performance of duties by directors is in conformity with laws and regulations and with the Articles of Incorporation, and other systems prescribed in the ordinance of the Ministry of Justice as being necessary to ensure the appropriate operations of the company and the corporate group consisting of the company and its subsidiaries. The Board of Directors maintains and operates this basic policy, reviewing it as needed. Auditing Auditing by Corporate Auditors SUBARU has formulated internal rules to ensure the effectiveness of corporate auditors’ audits (e.g., Standards for Corporate Auditor’s Audit) and developed a whistleblowing system. In this way, the Company has established a framework where the corporate auditors can gather information from directors and employees as needed in case of matters that may cause significant damages to the Company, significant violation of laws/Articles of Incorporation, or other significant compliance matters. In addition, the framework ensures smooth performance of corporate auditors’ duties by assigning employees independent from directors to support duties of corporate auditors and making them known to all employees. In FYE March 2022, audits focused on (1) the status of risk management promotion, (2) the Group governance system, and (3) the progress of the mid-term management vision “STEP.” These confirmed the soundness of efforts to resolve overall management issues, including governance, at each department and Group company. Main Initiatives (1) Confirming management monitoring and execution In accordance with audit plans by corporate auditors, each corporate auditor attends important meetings, including those of the Board of Directors, Executive Management Board Meeting, and Risk Management and Compliance Committee. When in attendance, they monitor management decision-making processes, seek explanations as necessary, and actively express their opinions. Through exchanges of opinions with directors, vice presidents, and others, as well as site visits to major business establishments and Group companies, corporate auditors also confirm the status of business execution including the maintenance and operation of internal controls, with a focus on priority audit items. We also ensure the effectiveness of audits by utilizing remote methods, such as online meetings, as necessary and when appropriate. (2) Meetings with departments related to internal controls The Legal Department and the Risk Management and Compliance Office report monthly on compliance concerns including the operation of the whistleblowing system, and human resource departments report regularly on the status of issues such as disciplinary cases and industrial accidents. In addition, the Company receives reports from the departments in charge of managing subsidiaries on the status of governance and internal controls for subsidiaries as appropriate. (3) Cooperation in the three-party audit system The Company holds monthly audit report meetings with the Internal Audit Department, receives reports on all internal audit results, and exchanges information and opinions on internal control issues. Furthermore, we receive quarterly reports from the accounting auditors on the status of accounting audits and exchange opinions with them as necessary on major matters for consideration in audits and other subjects, thereby ensuring close mutual cooperation in the three-party audit system. In addition, we hold meetings to exchange opinions and share information with corporate auditors of Group companies as appropriate, and we also seek to collaborate with these corporate auditors by requesting their attendance at site visits to their respective Group companies. Based on the findings confirmed through the above audit activities, we capture a range of opportunities to engage with the business execution side, including exchanges of opinions with all corporate auditors, the chair of the Board of Directors, and the representative directors, and at Group company presidents’ meetings. Through these activities, we share information and provide necessary advice and recommendations for the resolution of important management issues, including the strengthening of Group governance. Internal Auditing SUBARU has established the Audit Department (15 members) that reports directly to the President as an internal auditing organization. This organization evaluates the state of the development and operation of internal controls with regard to business execution at SUBARU and its Group companies in Japan and overseas from an independent and objective standpoint, providing advice and proposals for improvement. The Audit Department systematically conducts audits of business execution in accordance with an annual business audit plan prepared at the beginning of each fiscal year, taking into consideration the risks and internal control status of the entire Group. Audit reports are distributed to all directors, corporate auditors, and relevant departments at the same time as reports are directly made to the President. In parallel with this, reports are also made at semi- annual meetings of the Board of Directors and quarterly at joint meetings consisting of all vice presidents. SUBARU’s Audit Department and corporate auditors work together to strengthen audit functions, as described in ”Cooperation in the three-party audit system” above. In addition, we strive to strengthen audit functions by sharing information with the accounting auditors on audit plans and audit results on a quarterly basis. In addition, the internal Audit Department periodically undergoes an evaluation by external experts to confirm that audit operations are being performed appropriately. Internal Control System Related to Financial Reporting Regarding internal control reporting systems pursuant to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act, the evaluation of the internal control system related to financial reporting is carried out on the final day of the consolidated accounting period and is conducted in accordance with generally accepted assessment standards for internal control over financial reporting. The President & Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) evaluated the status of the development of the internal control system related to financial reporting as of March 31, 2022, and affirmed that it has been established properly and functions effectively, and issued an internal control report audited by the accounting auditors to that effect. Cross-Shareholding Policy for cross-shareholding SUBARU holds listed stocks as cross-shareholdings and engages in dialogues with the companies in question. Each year, SUBARU’s Board of Directors quantitatively measures and compares benefits from holdings, using dividend yield, and the capital cost involved, using weighted average cost of capital (WACC), in order to verify each. The Company will maintain these holdings only if it deems, based on the results of this verification, that the shares will contribute to its medium- to long-term management and business strategies in a qualitative manner. Verification details for cross-shareholding Based on the above policy, SUBARU has steadily reduced the number of listed stocks held as cross-shareholdings. As a result, 60 issues held at the end of March 2015 decreased to two issues at the end of March 2021. We consider these two issues to be essential to hold at this time for the following reasons, but we will continue to hold dialogues with these companies at least once a year, and the Board of Directors will evaluate and scrutinize these issues annually to determine whether they should be held or not. Criteria for exercising voting rights for cross-shareholding With regard to the exercise of voting rights for listed stocks held as cross-shareholdings, the Board of Directors deliberates on and determines the criteria for exercise with evaluation items such as whether the company is consistently exhibiting poor performance, whether a sufficient number of independent outside directors are in place and if management is supervised appropriately, and whether there are any corporate governance issues present. Although these are our general principles, we hold dialogues at least once a year with companies whose stock we hold to avoid making blanket decisions. Accordingly, we exercise our voting rights appropriately in light of the performance, management policies, and medium- to long-term management plans of the companies in question, as well as from the perspectives of corporate value enhancement, corporate governance, and social responsibility. Issues Number of shares Amount reported on the balance sheet (Millions of yen) Purpose of holding, impact of holding and reason for increase in number of shares The Gunma Bank, Ltd. 2,850,468 1,009 The Gunma Bank, a local bank in the area where the Company’s main factory is based, supports not only SUBARU but also local supplier sites in Japan and abroad through its financial services. As the bank is an important partner, the Company will continue to hold the bank’s shares to promote fair and smooth financial transactions. Mizuho Financial Group, Inc. 372,097 583 The Mizuho Financial Group firms have been supporting SUBARU with financial transactions and other services. In particular, Mizuho Bank has long been the Company’s most important financial partner, providing support in a broad area of management. The Company will continue to hold the group’s shares to promote fair and smooth transactions. As of March 31, 2022 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 60,000 40,000 20,000 0 60 38,503 28,238 12,795 8,836 3,138 32 30 18 10 4 2 2 Total amount reported on the balance sheet (left) Number of issues (right) 80,000 60 40 20 0 80 (Millions of yen) (Issues) (FYE) 1,922 1,922 1,727 1,727 1,592 Securities Report and Financial Report are published in the Investor Relations section of the SUBARU website. https://www.subaru.co.jp/ir/library/securities-reports.html (Japanese version only) https://www.subaru.co.jp/en/ir/library/financial-reports.html Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 66 67 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation
[TABLE] Issues | Number of
shares | Amount reported on
the balance sheet
(Millions of yen) | Purpose of holding, impact of holding and reason for increase in number of shares
[TABLE] 2,850,468 | 1,009 | The Gunma Bank, a local bank in the area where the Company’s main factory is based, supports not
only SUBARU but also local supplier sites in Japan and abroad through its financial services. As the
bank is an important partner, the Company will continue to hold the bank’s shares to promote fair and
smooth financial transactions.
[TABLE] Mizuho Financial Group, Inc. | 372,097 | 583 | The Mizuho Financial Group firms have been supporting SUBARU with financial transactions and other
services. In particular, Mizuho Bank has long been the Company’s most important financial partner,
providing support in a broad area of management. The Company will continue to hold the group’s
shares to promote fair and smooth transactions.

[PAGE 36]
Compliance Our Approach At SUBARU, compliance is positioned as one of our most important management issues in our Corporate Governance Guidelines. We instill in each employee a strong awareness that thorough group-wide compliance forms the foundation of SUBARU’s management, that we must observe all laws and internal regulations relevant to our business activities, that our corporate activities must be executed in a manner that is fair and just and in conformance with general social ethics, common sense and standards, and that these principles should be reflected in their actions. We have also created and operate a compliance system/organization, and carry out activities such as providing all kinds of training for these purposes. Management System SUBARU has established the Risk Management and Compliance Committee, a company-wide organization designed to promote compliance. This committee deliberates, discusses, decides, and exchanges information on important matters related to risk management. Also, each department formulates their own implementation plan (compliance program) to promote compliance every fiscal year, and moves forward with continuous, systematic independent activities. Breakdown of Compliance Hotline Consultations and Trends Over Time 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Workplace environment 10 13 14 7 5 Labor related 49 78 68 65 72 Interpersonal relationships, harassment 58 75 84 107 78 Other compliance-related issues (Work violations, suspicion of wrongdoing, etc.) 46 33 50 57 59 Total 163 199 216 236 214 (FYE March) Please refer to our website for details about Corporate Governance Guidelines and Tax Policy https://www.subaru.co.jp/en/csr/governance/compliance.html For Other Compliance Information Training In enforcing thorough compliance, we believe that initiatives in which the entire SUBARU Group acts in concert are necessary. We conduct compliance training, training for legal affairs in practical business, and other programs for all Group employees in Japan organized by our Legal Department, Risk Management and Compliance Office, and human resource and education departments. In particular, more than 15,000 employees have participated in video-based training programs introduced in light of work environment changes due to COVID-19, as we work to improve compliance awareness for all employees at SUBARU and its Group companies in Japan. In addition, to complement compliance enlightenment training, study groups are held at each department and affiliated company based on their compliance program, covering important laws and regulations related to their work. These include export controls, the Act on the Protection of Personal Information, the Antimonopoly Act, and the Political Funds Control Act. Bribery Prevention At SUBARU and its Group companies in Japan, we consider the prevention of bribery in connection to our businesses as an important issue, and work to ensure the following approach is rigorously permeated. Prohibition of providing, offering, or promising improper entertainment, gifts, favors, or other economic benefits to public officials or persons in similar positions, whether in Japan or abroad Prohibition of providing or receiving an amount in excess of socially accepted norms in dealings with business partners and customers who are not public officials or similar persons Prohibition of receipt of personal gain as a result of using information obtained in the course of business, establishing boundaries between public and private life Under the monitoring system for bribery prevention, SUBARU collects information to ascertain the presence of cases that may constitute compliance violations through company-wide compliance activities, its whistleblowing system, and other channels. It also strives to use actions such as internal audit departments’ business audits to detect cases early. Furthermore, SUBARU has established a system to report high-risk cases to the Risk Management and Compliance Committee and the Board of Directors, in an effort to strengthen oversight. Tax Policy The SUBARU Group is able to conduct its business operations thanks to support from society, and it strongly recognizes the importance of returning profits to society. The SUBARU Group considers fulfilling its tax obligations to be an essential element of this. The SUBARU Group strives to ensure compliance with the tax laws and regulations of each country and jurisdiction, pursuant to the international rules and standards set out by international organizations, thereby fulfilling its societal obligations through appropriate tax payments, while aiming for sustainable growth through sound business activities. Compliance Hotline When regular and temporary employees of SUBARU and its Group companies in Japan detect a problem related to compliance in the group, they can consult with the Hotline Desk by using the Compliance Hotline. There were 241 consultations in FYE March 2022, the details of which are outlined in the table on the next page. Through initiatives to raise awareness of this system, SUBARU has improved awareness of compliance and fostered an atmosphere where employees can consult even about trivial matters. This has resulted in an increasing trend in the number of consultations over the previous five years. Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 68 69 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data Discussion/reporting concerning scandals Report compliance situation Conduct internal audit Internal audit Results report Report extremely important, highly urgent compliance issues Discussion/cooperation Discussion/ cooperation Administrative work Report important matters Establish Report important matters (e.g., deliberations/decisions) Risk Management and Compliance Committee Risk Management and Compliance Committee members (Meeting of persons in charge of risk management) Persons in charge of risk management Each division, department, and in-house company Auditor CEO Secretariat Risk Management and Compliance Office (Risk Management and Compliance Oversight Department) Audit Department/ Internal Audit Risk Management Officers Board of Directors Affiliated companies Risk Management and Compliance Committee Chair (CRMO) Compliance System

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation
[TABLE] 2018 | 2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022
[TABLE] Labor related | 49 | 78 | 68 | 65 | 72
[TABLE] Interpersonal relationships, harassment | 58 | 75 | 84 | 107 | 78
[TABLE] Other compliance-related issues (Work violations, suspicion of wrongdoing, etc.) | 46 | 33 | 50 | 57 | 59
[TABLE] Risk Management and Compliance Committee Chair (CRMO)
[TABLE] Risk Management and Compliance Committee members

[PAGE 37]
Business Overview Automotive Business Unit In pursuit of SUBARU’s goal of zero fatal traffic accidents by 2030*, we will not only further evolve preventive, passive, and other safety performance areas, but also strengthen connected safety, building greater safety in all situations. To contribute to a carbon-free society, we will promote the development of core technologies in areas such as battery electric and hybrid vehicles, while leveraging alliances to accelerate our initiatives toward achieving carbon neutrality. SUBARU will continue to evolve its unique technologies, cultivate and enhance future technology in a way that adapts to changes in the times, and continue to refine the SUBARU difference to provide Enjoyment and Peace of Mind to customers around the world. * Reducing to zero the number of fatal accidents occurring while a driver or passenger in a SUBARU vehicle and the number of fatalities among pedestrians, cyclists, and the like arising from collisions with a SUBARU vehicle. SUBARU’s history as an automaker began with the launch of the SUBARU 360 in 1958. Since then, we have worked continually to provide new value in automobiles by developing new categories based on our core technologies, such as the horizontally- opposed engine and symmetrical all-wheel drive (AWD), and by creating new technological value, including EyeSight*, the world’s first driver assist system. These actions have deepened our relationships with customers. In recent years, we have positioned the U.S. as an important market, with a strategy of concentrating limited management resources in fields in which we should extend our strengths and advantages, including product lineups focused on SUVs and sports models. We provide Enjoyment and Peace of Mind through high value-added products. In addition, we are working to create ever-better cars in our alliance with Toyota Motor Corporation, bringing together our mutual strengths. * EyeSight is the first driver assist system to provide all functionality solely through the use of stereo cameras Automobile Sales by Region Consolidated Revenue Contribution Ratio OEM Product Lineup 97.6% Automotive Business (FYE March 2022) Revenue (Billions of yen) 3,193.9 3,007.6 2,677.5 2,737.5 3,062.3 18/3 19/3 20/3 22/3 21/3 JGAAP IFRS Operating Profit 22/3 (Billions of yen) 200.3 172.1 92.5 109.1 361.5 18/3 19/3 20/3 21/3 JGAAP IFRS North America 641,000 Japan 101,000 China 17,000 Europe 22,000 Australia 37,000 Other regions 43,000 Retail Automobile Sales (Jan-Dec 2021) Notes 1: Retail unit sales in each region for the period from January 1 to December 31, 2021. 2: Regional sales results are for the aforementioned period. Unit sales : 201 thousand units Sales region : Japan, North America, Europe, Australia, China, and other Unit sales : 25 thousand units Sales region : North America, Australia, China, and other Sedan SUV SUV (BEV) SUV SUV SUV Unit sales : 193 thousand units Sales region : Japan, North America, Europe, Australia, China, and other Unit sales : 237 thousand units Sales region : Japan, North America, Europe, Australia, China, and other (Other markets: EVOLTIS) Unit sales : 64 thousand units Sales region : North America, and other Unit sales : — Sales region : Japan, North America, Europe, China Sports / Wagon Wagon · Sedan Sports / Sedan Unit sales : 33 thousand units Sales region : Japan, North America, Australia, and other Unit sales : 26 thousand units Sales region : Japan, Europe, Australia, and other Unit sales : 56 thousand units Sales region : Japan, North America, Europe, Australia, and other Sports / Coupe Unit sales : 7 thousand units Sales region : Japan, North America, Europe, Australia, and other Unit sales : 20 thousand units Sales region : Japan (OEM supply from Daihatsu Motor Co., Ltd.) Photo: Prototype Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 70 71 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation

[PAGE 38]
SUBARU Models through the Years SUBARU Core Technologies 1972 1992 2012 1971 1992 2012 1969 1989 2008 1966 1985 2005 1961 1984 2018 2022 1958 1983 2014 1977 2014 SUBARU 360 released SUBARU Sambar truck released SUBARU 1000 four-door sedan released R-2 released Leone coupe released Rex released Domingo released Brat released Justy released Alcyone released Legacy series released Vivio released Impreza series released 1998 1997 Pleo released Forester released 1995 Outback released (Japan: Grand Wagon) B9 Tribeca released Exiga released SUBARU BRZ released SUBARU XV released WRX released Levorg released Ascent released (Exclusively for North America) SOLTERRA released Note: our production models Stereo cameras for advanced object recognition capabilities By using two cameras positioned on the left and right like human eyes, the EyeSight driver assist system is able to detect vehicles and pedestrians ahead of the vehicle in three dimensions and to accurately determine the distance, shape, and velocity of each object. This preventive safety technology helps avoid accidents, minimizes damage, and reduces the burden on the driver. The next-generation EyeSight system installed in the 2020 SUBARU Levorg features redesigned stereo cameras that allow for expanded visibility, as well as 360-degree sensor capabilities from the four radar units located at the front and rear of the vehicle. This system contributes to safe driving in an even wider range of situations, including intersections. In addition, the EyeSight X advanced driver assist system adopted in the new Levorg in Japan combines information from sources such as the GPS and QZSS “Michibiki” satellite systems with high-precision 3D map data, which extends driving support functions including lane change assist, slowing the vehicle before going into a curb, and hands-off driving assist in traffic congestion. We provide the latest features that reduce the burden on the driver and allow for safer, more comfortable road travel, particularly on highways, while maintaining value for money. EyeSight Driver Assist System Stereo cameras Balancing a high degree of both drive quality and passive safety performance SUBARU is sequentially introducing the SUBARU Global Platform, starting with the Impreza launched in October 2016. The vehicle platform substantially increases body and chassis rigidity and further lowers vehicle center of gravity, raising the level of Active Safety and Passive Safety and delivering responsive handling performance and a comfortable ride with reduced unpleasant vibration and noise. SUBARU Global Platform SUBARU Global Platform Subaru Boxer Conventional In-Line Engine Compact, low center of gravity The horizontally-opposed engine has pistons arranged symmetrically to the left and right of the crankshaft. The opposed pistons mutually cancel out engine vibrations, which reduces vibrations conveyed to the vehicle interior. The engine’s low height and compact design contribute to a low vehicle center of gravity. The stable attitude provides a high sense of security during driving. Horizontally-Opposed Engine (Boxer engine) Superior overall weight distribution The combination of the low center of gravity provided by the horizontally-opposed engine and superior longitudinal-transverse weight balance achieved by placing the transmission near the center of the vehicle maximizes all-wheel drive capability and delivers superb driving performance in various conditions. SUBARU has been committed to Symmetrical AWD as a core technology that drivers can depend on in every situation from day-to-day town use to high-speed highway driving. Symmetrical All-Wheel Drive (AWD) Symmetrical All-Wheel Drive Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 72 73 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation
[TABLE] 1977
[TABLE] 1995
[TABLE] 2014
[TABLE] 1958
[TABLE] 1983
[TABLE] 1997
[TABLE] 2014
[TABLE] 1961
[TABLE] 1984
[TABLE] 1998
[TABLE] 2018
[TABLE] 1966
[TABLE] 1985
[TABLE] 2005
[TABLE] 2022
[TABLE] 1969
[TABLE] 1989
[TABLE] 2008
[TABLE] 1971
[TABLE] 1992
[TABLE] 2012
[TABLE] 1972
[TABLE] 1992
[TABLE] 2012

[PAGE 39]
Overview of Center Wing Box and SUBARU’s Technology Since first participating in the Boeing passenger program in 1973, we have been involved in development and production as a key partner of Boeing for more than 40 years. SUBARU manufactures the center wing box, the critical aircraft section where the right and left wings are attached to the front and rear fuselage sections. Since the center wing box contains the fuel, it needs to be incredibly strong and watertight. For these reasons, great accuracy and advanced assembly technologies are required for its manufacture, and SUBARU is one of the few companies capable of making it. The Handa Plant, located in Aichi Prefecture and where center wing boxes are manufactured, is a global-level production center that produces these parts for the Boeing 777X as well as for the Boeing 777 large airliner, the Boeing 787 mid-size airliner, the Ministry of Defense’s P-1 maritime patrol aircraft, and the C-2 transport aircraft. A center wing box (Handa Plant) Consolidated Revenue Contribution Ratio Revenue Operating Profit Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 74 75 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data Aerospace Company We will continue to refine our original, cutting-edge technologies cultivated over our corporate history by engaging in development and production of a wide variety of aircraft. Our latest helicopter, the SUBARU BELL 412EPX (the base model for the JGSDF UH-2), was jointly developed through our alliance with U.S.-based Bell Textron. Production and sales are already underway. SUBARU is currently working to produce and deliver the UH-2 utility helicopter used by the Japan Ground Self- Defense Force (JGSDF) and its commercial version, the SUBARU BELL 412EPX. These represent a prime business for SUBARU. We are also focusing our efforts on the unmanned aerial vehicle business, which leverages SUBARU’s technological strengths. Furthermore, toward the development of a mobility society, we will continue to take on greater challenges to develop into an aircraft manufacturer with a global presence, such as by participating in the New Energy and Industrial Technology Development Organization (NEDO)’s Drones and Robots for Ecologically Sustainable Societies project (DRESS project). SUBARU’s roots trace back to 1917 and the Aircraft Research Laboratory, later to become Nakajima Aircraft. In the defense program, we develop, manufacture, maintain, repair, and provide technical support for products such as the UH-1J and UH-2 utility helicopters used by the Japan Ground Self-Defense Force (JGSDF) for disaster relief and other purposes, the T-5 and T-7 for supporting pilot training at the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force and the Japan Air Self-Defense Force, more than 15 models of unmanned aerial vehicles, and flight simulators. In the commercial program, we participate in many international joint development projects for Boeing. For the 777X, Boeing’s large passenger airliner, we are responsible for the Center Wing and its integration with the main landing gear (MLG) wheel well, as well as MLG doors, Wing-to-Body Fairings (forward), and side-of- body sections. 2.3% (FYE March 2022) Aerospace Company 5.1 6.0 -9.8 -7.0 12.3 JGAAP IFRS (Billions of yen) 18/3 19/3 20/3 22/3 21/3 The Aerospace Company will contribute to the enhancement of the SUBARU brand. We are integrating many aerospace systems for commercial transport components, military aircrafts, helicopter systems and UAV’s, from R&D to manufacturing through operational support. Flight safety is critical factor for aircraft, and for many years we have fostered a culture in which quality and safety are recognized as inextricably linked and uncompromisingly pursued. This total safety concept is at the core of the SUBARU difference. In the defense program, we are working to mass produce and deliver the UH-2 utility helicopter used by the JGSDF, in the interest of making this a pillar of the Aerospace Company’s business going forward. Furthermore, orders and sales are steadily growing for the SUBARU BELL 412EPX, the commercial version of the UH-2. The commercial transport programs have continued to face difficulties due to the impact of COVID-19 and other factors, but there are signs of recovery in demand for both domestic and international routes, suggesting demand for passenger aircraft will steadily recover. In preparation for this expected leap in growth, we are taking firm action to advance our defense and helicopter programs while continuing to work with our partner companies to strengthen our business resilience. Shoichiro Tozuka Senior Vice President, Company President of Aerospace Company 142.1 134.1 87.7 62.3 142.2 JGAAP IFRS (Billions of yen) 18/3 19/3 20/3 22/3 21/3 Primary Products and Services SUBARU BELL 412EPX UH-2 utility helicopter AH-64D attack helicopter T-5 and T-7 trainers Flying Forward Reconnaissance System The Center Wing Section of Boeing 787 The Center Wing Section of Boeing 777 & 777X Business Overview

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation
[TABLE] Business Overview
Aerospace Company
[TABLE] SUBARU’s roots trace back to 1917 and the Aircraft Research Laboratory, later to become Nakajima Aircraft. In the defense
program, we develop, manufacture, maintain, repair, and provide technical support for products such as the UH-1J and UH-2
utility helicopters used by the Japan Ground Self-Defense Force (JGSDF) for disaster relief and other purposes, the T-5 and
T-7 for supporting pilot training at the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force and the Japan Air Self-Defense Force, more than 15
models of unmanned aerial vehicles, and flight simulators. In the commercial program, we participate in many international joint
development projects for Boeing. For the 777X, Boeing’s large passenger airliner, we are responsible for the Center Wing and
its integration with the main landing gear (MLG) wheel well, as well as MLG doors, Wing-to-Body Fairings (forward), and side-of-
body sections.

[PAGE 40]
Note: The Subaru Group has voluntarily applied International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) since the first quarter of FYE March 2020 *1 Change of accounting policy effective from FYE March 2019 (deduction of sales incentives from net sales); retroactively applied to the figures for FYE March 2018 *2 Accompanying a change in accounting policy effective from the FYE March 2019, change of depreciation method for certain tangible fixed assets of the Company and its major domestic consolidated subsidiaries from the declining-balance method to the straight-line method *3 Total amount of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets *4 Partial Amendments to Accounting Standard for Tax Effect Accounting have been applied from FYE March 2019, and retrospectively applied to the figures for FYE March 2018. *5 Number of shares per trading unit: 100 shares *6 Automobile unit sales of Subaru Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries *7 U.S. production base Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. Please visit the SUBARU website for details about financial information. https://www.subaru.co.jp/en/ir/library/ Financial Information Consolidated Ten-year Financial Summary Subaru Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries Years ended March 31 J-GAAP IFRS ’13/3 ’14/3 ’15/3 ’16/3 ’17/3 ’18/3 ’19/3 ’19/3 ’20/3 ’21/3 ’22/3 Operating results (for the year) Operating results (for the year) Net sales *1 Millions of yen 1,912,968 2,408,129 2,877,913 3,232,258 3,325,992 3,232,695 3,160,514 Revenue Millions of yen 3,156,150 3,344,109 2,830,210 2,744,520 Cost of sales Millions of yen 1,501,809 1,728,271 2,017,490 2,187,136 2,386,266 2,442,706 2,561,753 Cost of sales Millions of yen 2,558,262 2,728,605 2,337,614 2,240,595 Gross profit Millions of yen 411,159 679,858 860,423 1,045,122 939,726 789,989 598,761 Gross profit Millions of yen 597,888 615,504 492,596 503,925 Selling, general and administrative expenses *1 Millions of yen 290,748 353,369 437,378 479,533 528,916 410,542 403,232 Selling, general and administrative expenses Millions of yen 298,875 308,227 279,867 303,136 Operating income Millions of yen 120,411 326,489 423,045 565,589 410,810 379,447 195,529 Operating profit Millions of yen 181,724 210,319 102,468 90,452 Income before income taxes Millions of yen 93,082 328,865 392,206 619,003 394,695 297,340 195,838 Profit before tax Millions of yen 186,026 207,656 113,954 106,972 Net income attributable to owners of parent Millions of yen 119,588 206,616 261,873 436,654 282,354 220,354 147,812 Profit for the period attributable to owners of parent Millions of yen 141,418 152,587 76,510 70,007 Depreciation/amortization *2, *3 Millions of yen 61,544 61,486 71,821 72,938 85,653 102,102 102,749 Depreciation/amortization *3 Millions of yen 187,077 192,742 206,317 224,055 Capital expenditures *3 Millions of yen 94,986 98,537 135,346 168,338 196,616 193,789 169,960 Capital expenditures *3 Millions of yen 274,281 284,669 258,229 244,436 R&D expenses Millions of yen 49,141 60,092 83,535 102,373 114,215 121,084 102,719 R&D expenditures Millions of yen 102,719 118,735 101,626 113,752 Financial position (at year-end) Financial position (at year-end) Net assets Millions of yen 596,813 770,071 1,030,719 1,349,411 1,464,888 1,561,023 1,612,825 Total equity Millions of yen 1,689,899 1,720,123 1,786,383 1,901,019 Shareholders’ equity Millions of yen 595,365 765,544 1,022,417 1,343,732 1,458,664 1,552,844 1,605,291 Equity attributable to owners of parent Millions of yen 1,682,248 1,712,881 1,777,735 1,890,789 Total assets *4 Millions of yen 1,577,454 1,888,363 2,199,714 2,592,410 2,762,321 2,866,474 2,982,725 Total assets Millions of yen 3,180,597 3,293,908 3,411,712 3,543,753 Ratio of shareholders’ equity to total assets *4 % 37.7 40.5 46.5 51.8 52.8 54.2 53.8 Ratio of equity attributable to owners of parent to total assets % 52.9 52.0 52.1 53.4 Cash flows Cash flows Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Millions of yen 166,715 313,024 311,543 614,256 345,442 366,298 174,006 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Millions of yen 250,732 210,134 289,376 195,651 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities Millions of yen (71,370) (33,903) (172,780) (255,676) (254,252) (150,711) (158,327) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities Millions of yen (190,119) (25,844) (272,174) (179,723) Free cash flow Millions of yen 95,345 279,121 138,763 358,580 91,190 215,587 15,679 Free cash flows Millions of yen 60,613 184,290 17,202 15,928 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities Millions of yen (60,766) (63,011) (110,546) (126,190) (189,044) (170,937) (96,617) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities Millions of yen (141,551) (15,818) 13,966 (98,502) Per share Per share Net income (EPS) Yen 153.23 264.76 335.57 559.54 365.77 287.40 192.78 Profit for the period attributable to owners of parent (EPS) Yen 184.44 198.99 99.77 91.28 Net assets (BPS) Yen 762.87 980.98 1,310.15 1,721.90 1,902.56 2,025.31 2,093.60 Equity attributable to owners of parent (BPS) Yen 2,193.97 2,233.76 2,318.17 2,465.41 Dividends Yen 15 53 68 144 144 144 144 Dividends Yen 144 100 56 56 Other information Other information Non-consolidated exchange rate Yen to the U.S. dollar 82 100 108 121 108 111 111 Non-consolidated exchange rate Yen to the U.S. dollar 111 109 106 112 Number of shares issued Thousands of shares 782,865 782,865 782,865 782,865 769,175 769,175 769,175 Number of shares issued Thousands of shares 769,175 769,175 769,175 769,175 Number of shareholders *5 Persons 28,890 51,386 70,942 79,594 76,471 132,570 133,879 Number of shareholders *5 Persons 133,879 145,289 142,890 147,507 Number of employees (parent only) Persons 12,717 13,034 13,883 14,234 14,708 14,879 15,274 Number of employees (parent only) Persons 15,274 15,806 16,478 16,961 Number of employees (consolidated) Persons 27,509 28,545 29,774 31,151 32,599 33,544 34,200 Number of employees (consolidated) Persons 34,200 35,034 36,070 36,910 Number of units Number of units Consolidated automobile unit sales *6 Thousand units 724 825 911 958 1,065 1,067 1,000 Consolidated automobile unit sales *6 Thousand units 1,001 1,034 860 734 Vehicle unit production Thousand units 764 813 914 951 1,056 1,050 989 Vehicle unit production Thousand units 989 1,031 810 727 Domestic Thousand units 583 650 708 715 721 701 617 Domestic Thousand units 617 664 525 455 Overseas *7 Thousand units 181 164 207 236 335 349 372 Overseas *7 Thousand units 372 367 285 272 Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 76 77 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation
[TABLE] ’13/3 | ’14/3 | ’15/3 | ’16/3 | ’17/3 | ’18/3 | ’19/3 | ’19/3 | ’20/3 | ’21/3 | ’22/3
[TABLE] Net sales*1 | Millions of yen | 1,912,968 2,408,129 2,877,913 3,232,258 3,325,992 3,232,695 3,160,514 | Revenue | Millions of yen | 3,156,150 3,344,109 2,830,210 | 2,744,520
[TABLE] Cost of sales | Millions of yen | 1,501,809 1,728,271 2,017,490 2,187,136 2,386,266 2,442,706 2,561,753 | Cost of sales | Millions of yen | 2,558,262 2,728,605 2,337,614 | 2,240,595
[TABLE] Gross profit | Millions of yen | 411,159 679,858 860,423 1,045,122 939,726 789,989 598,761 | Gross profit | Millions of yen | 597,888 615,504 492,596 | 503,925
[TABLE] Selling, general and administrative expenses*1 | Millions of yen | 290,748 353,369 437,378 479,533 528,916 410,542 403,232 | Selling, general and administrative expenses | Millions of yen | 298,875 308,227 279,867 | 303,136
[TABLE] Operating income | Millions of yen | 120,411 326,489 423,045 565,589 410,810 379,447 195,529 | Operating profit | Millions of yen | 181,724 210,319 102,468 | 90,452
[TABLE] Income before income taxes | Millions of yen | 93,082 328,865 392,206 619,003 394,695 297,340 195,838 | Profit before tax | Millions of yen | 186,026 207,656 113,954 | 106,972
[TABLE] Net income attributable to owners of parent | Millions of yen | 119,588 206,616 261,873 436,654 282,354 220,354 147,812 | Profit for the period attributable to owners of parent | Millions of yen | 141,418 152,587 76,510 | 70,007
[TABLE] Depreciation/amortization*2, *3 | Millions of yen | 61,544 61,486 71,821 72,938 85,653 102,102 102,749 | Depreciation/amortization*3 | Millions of yen | 187,077 192,742 206,317 | 224,055
[TABLE] Capital expenditures*3 | Millions of yen | 94,986 98,537 135,346 168,338 196,616 193,789 169,960 | Capital expenditures*3 | Millions of yen | 274,281 284,669 258,229 | 244,436
[TABLE] R&D expenses | Millions of yen | 49,141 60,092 83,535 102,373 114,215 121,084 102,719 | R&D expenditures | Millions of yen | 102,719 118,735 101,626 | 113,752
[TABLE] Net assets | Millions of yen | 596,813 770,071 1,030,719 1,349,411 1,464,888 1,561,023 1,612,825 | Total equity | Millions of yen | 1,689,899 1,720,123 1,786,383 | 1,901,019
[TABLE] Shareholders’ equity | Millions of yen | 595,365 765,544 1,022,417 1,343,732 1,458,664 1,552,844 1,605,291 | Equity attributable to owners of parent | Millions of yen | 1,682,248 1,712,881 1,777,735 | 1,890,789
[TABLE] Total assets*4 | Millions of yen | 1,577,454 1,888,363 2,199,714 2,592,410 2,762,321 2,866,474 2,982,725 | Total assets | Millions of yen | 3,180,597 3,293,908 3,411,712 | 3,543,753
[TABLE] Ratio of shareholders’ equity to total assets*4 | % | 37.7 40.5 46.5 51.8 52.8 54.2 53.8 | Ratio of equity attributable to owners of parent to total assets | % | 52.9 52.0 52.1 | 53.4
[TABLE] Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities | Millions of yen | 166,715 313,024 311,543 614,256 345,442 366,298 174,006 | Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities | Millions of yen | 250,732 210,134 289,376 | 195,651
[TABLE] Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities | Millions of yen | (71,370) (33,903) (172,780) (255,676) (254,252) (150,711) (158,327) | Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities | Millions of yen | (190,119) (25,844) (272,174) | (179,723)
[TABLE] Free cash flow | Millions of yen | 95,345 279,121 138,763 358,580 91,190 215,587 15,679 | Free cash flows | Millions of yen | 60,613 184,290 17,202 | 15,928
[TABLE] Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities | Millions of yen | (60,766) (63,011) (110,546) (126,190) (189,044) (170,937) (96,617) | Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities | Millions of yen | (141,551) (15,818) 13,966 | (98,502)
[TABLE] Net income (EPS) | Yen | 153.23 264.76 335.57 559.54 365.77 287.40 192.78 | Profit for the period attributable to owners of parent (EPS) | Yen | 184.44 198.99 99.77 | 91.28
[TABLE] Net assets (BPS) | Yen | 762.87 980.98 1,310.15 1,721.90 1,902.56 2,025.31 2,093.60 | Equity attributable to owners of parent (BPS) | Yen | 2,193.97 2,233.76 2,318.17 | 2,465.41
[TABLE] Dividends | Yen | 15 53 68 144 144 144 144 | Dividends | Yen | 144 100 56 | 56
[TABLE] Non-consolidated exchange rate | Yen to the U.S. dollar | 82 100 108 121 108 111 111 | Non-consolidated exchange rate | Yen to the U.S. dollar | 111 109 106 | 112
[TABLE] Number of shares issued | Thousands of shares | 782,865 782,865 782,865 782,865 769,175 769,175 769,175 | Number of shares issued | Thousands of shares | 769,175 769,175 769,175 | 769,175
[TABLE] Number of shareholders*5 | Persons | 28,890 51,386 70,942 79,594 76,471 132,570 133,879 | Number of shareholders*5 | Persons | 133,879 145,289 142,890 | 147,507
[TABLE] Number of employees (parent only) | Persons | 12,717 13,034 13,883 14,234 14,708 14,879 15,274 | Number of employees (parent only) | Persons | 15,274 15,806 16,478 | 16,961
[TABLE] Number of employees (consolidated) | Persons | 27,509 28,545 29,774 31,151 32,599 33,544 34,200 | Number of employees (consolidated) | Persons | 34,200 35,034 36,070 | 36,910
[TABLE] Consolidated automobile unit sales*6 | Thousand units | 724 825 911 958 1,065 1,067 1,000 | Consolidated automobile unit sales*6 | Thousand units | 1,001 1,034 860 | 734
[TABLE] Vehicle unit production | Thousand units | 764 813 914 951 1,056 1,050 989 | Vehicle unit production | Thousand units | 989 1,031 810 | 727
[TABLE] Domestic | Thousand units | 583 650 708 715 721 701 617 | Domestic | Thousand units | 617 664 525 | 455
[TABLE] Overseas*7 | Thousand units | 181 164 207 236 335 349 372 | Overseas*7 | Thousand units | 372 367 285 | 272

[PAGE 41]
Consolidated Automobile Sales by Region Consolidated Automobile Sales by Model (Thousand units) 1,200 900 600 300 0 ’18/3 ’19/3 ’20/3 ’21/3 ’22/3 1,067 1,001 1,034 734 860 Japan U.S. Canada Europe Australia China Others *Automobile sales of Subaru Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries (Thousand units) 1,200 900 600 300 0 ’18/3 ’19/3 ’20/3 ’21/3 ’22/3 Legacy Impreza Forester Levorg WRX Exiga Ascent SUBARU BRZ OEM Minicars Others *Automobile sales of Subaru Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries 1,067 1,001 1,034 860 734 The summary of consolidated financial results and presentation materials for results briefings are published in the Investor Relations section of the SUBARU website. https://www.subaru.co.jp/en/ir/ Other Financial Information Five-year Unit Sales Years ended March 31 (Thousand units) ’18/3 ’19/3 ’20/3 ’21/3 ’22/3 Japan Legacy 9.3 6.1 4.7 2.6 4.9 Impreza 66.7 47.4 42.9 30.7 22.5 Forester 18.1 32.1 30.1 22.9 23.4 Levorg 21.3 13.2 11.8 20.1 15.0 WRX 8.3 7.1 8.5 2.8 0.2 Exiga 3.5 0.2 — — — SUBARU BRZ 1.9 1.3 1.2 0.8 5.0 OEM 2.9 2.7 2.7 1.9 1.7 Others 0.5 0.1 — — — Passenger cars 132.6 110.2 101.9 81.9 72.6 Minicars 30.9 26.0 23.9 19.9 16.8 Japan total 163.4 136.2 125.8 101.8 89.4 U.S. Legacy 234.4 213.9 197.2 186.3 153.1 Impreza 213.7 197.0 196.5 173.6 149.7 Forester 186.2 155.6 200.5 176.2 121.9 WRX 32.5 26.5 21.0 18.7 20.2 Ascent — 63.1 84.6 54.9 58.8 SUBARU BRZ 4.2 3.7 1.8 2.0 2.6 U.S. total 670.9 659.7 701.6 611.6 506.3 Canada Legacy 14.2 13.3 13.0 9.7 11.4 Impreza 23.1 22.1 25.7 24.0 24.5 Forester 14.3 12.5 14.8 10.4 7.3 WRX 4.5 4.1 2.5 2.6 2.6 Ascent — 4.1 4.0 2.7 2.7 SUBARU BRZ 0.7 0.7 0.4 0.3 0.6 Canada total 56.8 56.8 60.4 49.7 49.1 Europe Legacy 6.9 6.5 8.8 3.2 6.0 Impreza 16.6 14.9 13.2 5.9 5.9 Forester 13.2 9.1 12.7 4.3 3.1 Levorg 1.9 0.8 1.9 0.1 0.0 WRX 1.2 0.3 — 0.0 — SUBARU BRZ 0.4 0.5 0.4 0.2 0.0 Europe total 40.2 32.1 37.0 13.7 15.0 Australia Legacy 13.3 10.6 8.0 7.2 9.2 Impreza 25.1 16.7 16.1 9.8 12.2 Forester 12.4 12.2 16.9 12.3 10.5 Levorg 1.1 0.3 0.3 0.2 0.1 WRX 2.8 1.5 1.3 1.5 0.8 SUBARU BRZ 0.9 0.4 0.5 0.4 0.4 Australia total 55.7 41.7 43.1 31.4 33.2 (Thousand units) ’18/3 ’19/3 ’20/3 ’21/3 ’22/3 China Legacy 5.5 3.8 2.7 4.9 3.9 Impreza 4.6 3.8 1.6 2.2 1.1 Forester 15.7 15.2 15.6 17.4 8.8 SUBARU BRZ 1.0 — 0.8 0.0 0.1 China total 26.9 22.8 20.6 24.5 13.9 Other regions Legacy 7.5 5.7 3.4 2.2 4.5 Impreza 23.6 20.6 16.0 9.9 10.6 Forester 19.1 22.2 23.5 14.0 10.9 Levorg 0.9 1.1 0.9 0.2 0.0 WRX 1.6 1.4 1.2 0.4 0.3 Ascent — — 0.0 0.7 0.5 SUBARU BRZ 0.2 0.3 0.3 0.1 0.3 Other regions total 53.0 51.4 45.3 27.5 27.2 Overseas total 903.5 864.6 908.0 758.4 644.6 Global total 1,066.9 1,000.8 1,033.9 860.2 734.1 Consolidated Automobile Sales by Region (Thousand units) ’18/3 ’19/3 ’20/3 ’21/3 ’22/3 Legacy 291.2 259.9 237.8 216.1 193.0 Impreza 373.4 322.5 312.0 256.1 226.5 Forester 279.0 258.8 314.1 257.5 185.9 Levorg 25.3 15.4 15.0 20.5 15.2 WRX 51.0 41.0 34.4 26.1 24.1 Exiga 3.5 0.2 — — — Ascent — 67.2 88.6 58.3 62.1 SUBARU BRZ 9.3 6.9 5.4 3.9 8.9 OEM 2.9 2.7 2.7 1.9 1.7 Minicars 30.9 26.0 23.9 19.9 16.8 Others 0.5 0.1 — — — Global total 1,066.9 1,000.8 1,033.9 860.2 734.1 Consolidated Automobile Sales by Model * Legacy sales figures include sales of the Outback model. * Impreza sales figures include sales of the SUBARU XV and Crosstrek models. Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 78 79 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation
[TABLE] ’18/3 | ’19/3 | ’20/3 | ’21/3 | ’22/3
[TABLE] ’18/3 | ’19/3 | ’20/3 | ’21/3 | ’22/3
[TABLE] Legacy
[TABLE] Impreza
[TABLE] Forester
[TABLE] Levorg
[TABLE] WRX
[TABLE] Exiga
[TABLE] SUBARU BRZ
[TABLE] OEM
[TABLE] Others
[TABLE] Passenger cars
[TABLE] Minicars
[TABLE] Japan total | 163.4 | 136.2 | 125.8 | 101.8 | 89.4
[TABLE] Legacy
[TABLE] Impreza
[TABLE] Forester
[TABLE] SUBARU BRZ
[TABLE] China total | 26.9 | 22.8 | 20.6 | 24.5 | 13.9
[TABLE] Legacy
[TABLE] Impreza
[TABLE] Forester
[TABLE] Levorg
[TABLE] WRX
[TABLE] Ascent
[TABLE] SUBARU BRZ
[TABLE] Other regions total | 53.0 | 51.4 | 45.3 | 27.5 | 27.2
[TABLE] Legacy
[TABLE] Impreza
[TABLE] Forester
[TABLE] WRX
[TABLE] Ascent
[TABLE] SUBARU BRZ
[TABLE] U.S. total | 670.9 | 659.7 | 701.6 | 611.6 | 506.3
[TABLE] Overseas total | 903.5 | 864.6 | 908.0 | 758.4 | 644.6
[TABLE] Global total | 1,066.9 | 1,000.8 | 1,033.9 | 860.2 | 734.1
[TABLE] Legacy
[TABLE] Impreza
[TABLE] Forester
[TABLE] WRX
[TABLE] Ascent
[TABLE] SUBARU BRZ
[TABLE] Canada total | 56.8 | 56.8 | 60.4 | 49.7 | 49.1
[TABLE] ’18/3 | ’19/3 | ’20/3 | ’21/3 | ’22/3
[TABLE] Legacy
[TABLE] Impreza
[TABLE] Forester
[TABLE] Levorg
[TABLE] WRX
[TABLE] Exiga
[TABLE] Ascent
[TABLE] SUBARU BRZ
[TABLE] OEM
[TABLE] Minicars
[TABLE] Others
[TABLE] Global total | 1,066.9 | 1,000.8 | 1,033.9 | 860.2 | 734.1
[TABLE] Legacy
[TABLE] Impreza
[TABLE] Forester
[TABLE] Levorg
[TABLE] WRX
[TABLE] SUBARU BRZ
[TABLE] Europe total | 40.2 | 32.1 | 37.0 | 13.7 | 15.0
[TABLE] Legacy
[TABLE] Impreza
Forester
[TABLE] Levorg
WRX
SUBARU BRZ

[PAGE 42]
Note: Development of products (vehicles) is based on a premise that they are equipped with the latest technologies yet affordably priced at the same time. Six Priority Areas Relevant Stakeholders Themes Initiatives Vision/KPIs (FYE March 2026– FYE March 2031) Relevant SDGs FYE March 2021 FYE March 2022 FYE March 2022–FYE March 2026 Six Priority Areas for CSR People-oriented Car Culture Customers Enjoyment of driving a car Evolution of SUBARU Global Platform and Integration with Intelligent Technology (Achieving safe and enjoyable driving with peace of mind like a skilled driver) Become a company that enriches people’s lives and minds as a partner. KPI • Continue customer satisfaction surveys. (Improve customer evaluation results.) 9.1 11.2 Providing enjoyment of customization Development of high-quality accessories matched with new models Expansion of the lineup of high-performance, value-added items Enhancing the brand image Promotion of the brand strategy (SUBARU, the Beloved Brand: More than a Car Company) Promotion of marketing activities that match the characteristics of each market Promotion of motorsports and continuation of awareness-raising activities Advancement of Subaru’s “Dynamic x Solid” design identity to “bolder” expression “Designing experiences” with a focus on resonance with customers under the vision of “Earth-tainment: Enjoying the Earth Together” Proposing new forms of mobility Proposing new forms of mobility and researching technology unique to SUBARU Technology development toward realization Local communities Disseminating car culture Dissemination of SUBARU’s manufacturing practice and its endeavors for “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind” Resonance and Coexistence Customers Strengthening relationships with customers Utilizing digital technologies to strengthen relationships with customers Become a company that is widely trusted by, resonates and coexists with society. KPI • Continue satisfaction surveys. (Improve customer satisfaction.) • Enhance connection with customers through the Internet of Things (IoT). (MySubaru, the next- generation system, telematics) 11.2 17.16 Enhancement of customer loyalty Continuation of customer interaction programs Providing products and services contributing to prosperous lifestyles Establishing a new maintenance system Efficient vehicle maintenance by utilizing IT and digital transformation (DX) Business partners Coexistence and mutual prosperity with business partners Building of relationships with business partners with CSR surveys, awareness-raising, and from CSR perspectives Enhancing and strengthening the Group’s telecommuting environment Employees Creating a safe working environment Reinforcement of efforts for occupational health and safety, improvement of plant environments Creation of a safe and rewarding workplace environment, building of a brand that is loved by employees Continuation of production operations and maintenance of employment at each site Utilization of athletic teams, boosting of employee morale Local communities Revitalizing relationships with local communities Reinforcement of community exchange and partnership activities Contribution and relationship-building through sporting activities Contributing to local communities through stronger cooperation with nonprofit organizations (NPOs) Community support activities during disasters and pandemics Peace of Mind Customers Improving safety functions Advancement of Advanced Driver Assistance System (ADAS) Become a company that provides the utmost peace of mind to all stakeholders. KPI • Achieve a goal of zero fatal traffic accidents* by 2030. * Reducing to zero the number of fatal accidents occurring while a driver or passenger in a SUBARU vehicle and the number of fatalities among pedestrians, cyclists, and the like arising from collisions with a SUBARU vehicle. • Improve impact energy absorption ability to 1.4 times. 3.6 Adoption of Advanced Automatic Collision Notification (AACN) system and expansion of its functions Continuous enhancement of crash safety Expanding enhanced safety functions since FYE March 2021 Developing autonomous flight control systems (collision avoidance technology, fault-tolerant system improvements) Contributing to safe driving Implementing and sustaining EyeSight test rides (awareness-raising for advanced safety technology), etc. Establishing and strengthening a reliable product supply system Establishment of a timely and efficient supply system of spare parts and accessories Strengthening product supply capacity (parts center capacity increase plans/parts supply system improvements) Improving inspection and maintenance quality Promotion of accurate, high-quality inspection and maintenance Global penetration of maintenance system with high and consistent quality Securing and improving quality Promotion of initiatives to produce vehicles of choice in terms of quality as well Improvement of quality in all processes, from product planning to production, sales, and service Placing of the highest priority on quality by implementing quality caravans and providing education for fostering quality awareness Optimization of the span of management in manufacturing departments Employees Creating a safe workplace Continuation and reinforcement of activities of the health and safety committees Maintenance and enhancement of workplace health and safety, and promotion of a more comfortable workplace environment Formulation and implementation of plans for health promotion initiatives Secure and create employment Local communities Contributing to safety of local communities Promotion of a sense of trust regarding stable operations Promotion of plant environment improvement Implementing community safety awareness activities Reduction of environmental impact and prevention of pollution Governments Contributing to safe lives of people Contribution to the creation of a society in which people’s lives and property are protected and people can enjoy peace of mind Reinforcement of health promotion efforts Collaboration with business partners Six Priority Areas Relevant Stakeholders Themes Initiatives Vision/KPIs (FYE March 2026– FYE March 2031) Relevant SDGs FYE March 2021 FYE March 2022 FYE March 2022–FYE March 2026 Six Priority Areas for CSR Diversity Employees Promoting active roles for female employees Expanding the number of female managers (at least two times 2021 levels by 2025) Promote businesses that create diverse forms of market value while respecting the diverse values of all people. KPI • Increase female managers. (at least two times 2021 levels by 2025) • The number of participants in career development training • Achieve the legally prescribed employment rate. • 100% of those applying for re-employment 5.5 5.5.2 8.5 Childcare support for female employees in direct departments Creating workplaces where female employees in direct departments can thrive and play an active role Respecting human rights and diversity for all Utilizing diverse human resources Review of the human resources system for senior employees Operation of the human resources system for senior employees Promotion of active roles for non-Japanese human resources Examination and promotion of a workplace environment that pays due consideration to minorities in society Compliance with the legally prescribed employment rate for persons with disabilities: 2.3% in and after FYE March 2021 Acquiring new knowledge through proactively recruiting external human resources Promote diverse work styles Diverse work styles: Labor management via a new attendance management system and support for hybrid work leading to improved productivity Business partners Efforts in cooperation with business partners CSR surveys, awareness-raising, and stronger CSR initiatives in the supply chain with business partners Enhancement of the understanding of employees, promotion of cooperation with U.S. minority organizations Customers Providing a wide range of products Incorporation of feedback on diverse market needs Design parts that can be used in multiple vehicle models Environment Customers Popularizing vehicles that reduce environmental impact Expansion of the sale of EVs (including models with e-BOXER) Cherish and protect the global environment—the earth, the sky and nature— through Group-wide activities. KPI • Reduce direct emissions of CO2 by 30% from FYE March 2017 levels by FYE March 2031 (aggregate amount basis). • Make at least 40% of SUBARU global sales EVs or hybrid electric vehicles (HEVs) by 2030. • Apply electrification technologies to all SUBARU vehicles produced and sold worldwide by the first half of the 2030s. • Formulate a resource circulation strategy including secondary batteries. • Enhance recycling rates. 13.1 13.2 12.2 12.5 Development and sale of EVs (BEVs and SHEVs) BEV development Launch of SOLTERRA, global rollout and sales expansion of BEVs Establishing appropriate disposal schemes for EV batteries Governments Business to help reduce environmental impact Introduction of solar power generation for self-consumption Introduction of hydroelectricity and green electricity Energy conservation investment and effective utilization of facilities Continuation of conservation efforts in cooperation with governments Promotion of lighter, electric, and biofuel aircraft Business partners Environmental activities in cooperation with business partners Establishment and maintenance of an environmental management system Efficient parts storage and transportation Promotion of retailers’ continuous efforts for energy saving, water quality conservation, and recycling Optimization of logistics and complete knockdown (CKD) costs Compliance Governments Ensuring comprehensive export control Reinforcement of security and export control initiatives Act in good faith and become a company that is trusted by and resonates with society. KPI • Promote initiatives to respect human rights based on the Human Rights Policy; Communicate the policy throughout the entire supply chain. • Strengthen CSR procurement management. • Provide compliance and legal trainings. 8.7 8.8 16.5 16.5.2 In-house education and dissemination Compliance training Promotion of compliance from the perspective of the SUBARU Group Establishment, dissemination, and management of internal rules and manuals on laws and regulations Employees/Local Communities Protecting human rights of workers Prevention of harassment Maintenance and improvement of the workplace environment by promoting work style reforms and complying with the Labor Standards Act Promoting initiatives to respect human rights Establishment and dissemination of our Human Rights Policy, implementation of due diligence Business partners Maintaining fair relationships CSR surveys, awareness-raising, and stronger CSR initiatives in the supply chain with business partners Promotion of fair trade on a continuous basis Appropriate management of software license Implementing conflict mineral surveys Development of a maintenance system for EVs Enhancing the maintenance system for promoting EVs Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 80 81 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data Activities in the Six Priority Areas for CSR in Relation to SDGs

[PAGE 43]
Environment Management System SUBARU has established the Environment Committee, which discusses measures from broad and medium- to long-term perspectives that accommodate environmental standards required by future societies, and evaluates the progress of related implementations and achievements. Management of climate change-related activities is included in the responsibilities of the environmental management structure. Environmental risks and opportunities associated with climate change are assessed and monitored at the Environment Committee. Major issues are reported to the Board of Directors via the Sustainability Committee. In addition, in order to contribute to the realization of a decarbonized society through the reduction of CO2 emissions throughout the life cycle of our business activities, SUBARU operates cross-company forums and designates departments in charge of the five areas of “product use,” “materials and components,” “transportation,” “disposal,” and "manufacturing" as of FYE March 2022. These efforts are overseen by the Environment Committee. Strategy In order to pass on “the earth, the sky, and nature” to future generations, SUBARU is pursuing the manufacture of environmentally friendly automobiles. This is not only in brainstorming how to address the environment, but also how we contribute as a company to the realization of a sustainable society. SUBARU will contribute to the achievement of an enjoyable and sustainable society by working together with customers and other stakeholders, pursuing distinctiveness commensurate with the SUBARU difference and the manufacture of environmentally responsible automobiles through technological innovation. SUBARU recognizes that climate change is one of the most critical issues as it pursues the manufacture of environmentally responsible automobiles. To address climate change-related transition risks in policy and regulation, technology, markets, and other items, dedicated departments at SUBARU identify uncertain climate change-related risks. We also formulate our own scenarios and plans for achieving our medium- to long-term goals, based on policy trends in various countries and scenario- specific information published by the International Energy Agency and others. These scenarios and plans are examined for compatibility with policies relevant to SUBARU. Governance Structure for Climate Change Main Risks Identified Climate-related Risks Main Risks Identified Transition risk Regulatory risk Business Management in General Revisions to climate change targets in various countries could significantly impact our overall business. Products Failure to meet fuel economy regulations in various countries could result in additional costs or losses due to legal violations, or limit our opportunities to sell products. Production Phase SUBARU could incur rising costs due to fossil fuel use, not only because of geopolitical factors associated with petroleum etc., but also government carbon pricing systems. Technology risk Products To promote electrification, it is crucial to ensure profitability for the entire product cycle ranging from procurement and use to disposal. Thus, it is essential to involve SUBARU’s upstream and downstream partners in exerting efforts toward this end. Failure to do this could render the Company unable to meet the profitability goal for the entire product life cycle. Production Phase If use of renewable energy does not grow as expected, SUBARU could face slower progress in achieving its Scope 1 and 2 emissions reduction goals. Market risk Products At present, it is difficult to make predictions with regard to electrification, which will likely cause a substantial gap with the real state of market needs. In such a situation, SUBARU could incur unnecessary and excessive R&D costs while facing a decline in customer satisfaction, resulting in unexpected losses and reduced sales opportunities as well as hampered advancement of the Company’s electrification efforts. SUBARU views electrification as a steady medium- to long-term trend. In the event of its swift and sweeping penetration of the market at some stage, SUBARU could be unprepared for such a prospect in terms of technology and timely product lineups, and thus suffer from a resultant loss of product sales opportunities. Reputational risk Business Management in General Failure to implement adequate initiatives to achieve zero-carbon outcomes could have an adverse impact on recruitment and sales due to damage to brand value, and higher cost of capital due to difficulties in raising funds. Physical risk Acute physical risk Business Management in General As an impact of climate change, extreme torrential rain will frequently cause floods in various locations, which could pose risks of SUBARU’s operations being affected by disrupted supply of raw materials and submerged factories. Chronic physical risk There is a possibility that SUBARU might suffer from shortages of natural resources used for tires and metal resources for electrification technologies. Main Opportunities Identified Climate-related Opportunities Main Opportunities Identified Market opportunity If SUBARU’s efforts to make products more environmentally friendly and global efforts to mitigate/adapt to climate change progress adequately, the Company will be able to maintain its key markets while at the same time potentially expanding in markets receptive to its offer of “Enjoyment and Peace of Mind.” In addition, contributing to mitigating climate change issues could increase its brand value, enhancing its sales and recruiting ability, as well as decrease the cost of capital due to preferential financing from investors. Energy source opportunity Regarding energy use during the production phase, by transitioning to renewable energy while at the same time giving due consideration to cost-effectiveness, SUBARU could overcome the risk of being exposed to price fluctuations involved in energy derived from fossil fuels, thereby preventing future cost increases. Note: The risks and opportunities described above are based on past facts and currently available information, and may change significantly due to such factors as future economic trends and the business environment facing SUBARU. The opportunities described represent those for SUBARU’s products to contribute to climate change adaptation and do not anticipate climate change-related deterioration. Board of Directors Production & Environment Subcommittee Global Warming Prevention Working Group Product Use Materials and Components Transportation Disposal Manufacturing Domestic Affiliated Companies’ Environment Subcommittee Executive Management Board Meeting (Presided over by the chairperson: President and Representative Director) Sustainability Committee (Chaired by the President and Representative Director) Environment Committee Sales and Service Environment Subcommittee Logistics Environment Subcommittee CN Promotion Meeting (Chaired by the Executive Officer in charge of the Sustainability Division appointed by the Board of Directors) Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 82 83 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data Climate Change (Disclosure in Accordance with the TCFD Recommendations)

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation
[TABLE] (Pres | Executive Management Board Meeting
ided over by the chairperson: President and Representative Director)
[TABLE] Sustainability Committee
(Chaired by the President and Representative Director)
[TABLE] (C | Environment Committee
haired by the Executive Officer in charge of the Sustainability Division
appointed by the Board of Directors)
[TABLE] Production & Environment Subcommittee
[TABLE] CN Promotion Meeting

[PAGE 44]
Risk Management The automotive industry is ushering in a major transformation, which only occurs once in a century. The SUBARU Group, which operates businesses globally, is aiming to enhance the resilience of its management infrastructure by ensuring the sustainability of its businesses through quickly tackling changes in world affairs. At the same time, the Group must boost its measures to minimize its human, social, and economic losses. Amid this environment, it is essential to strategically conduct risk management throughout the Group to conduct business activities. We therefore believe it is important to create a SUBARU Group that has an infrastructure that is resilient to risk to enhance our corporate value. To address climate change-related transition risks, dedicated departments at SUBARU gather information from a wide range of sources and work to identify uncertain climate change-related risks from future projections. Such transition risks are presented and discussed at the Executive Meeting. The Executive Management Board Meeting and the Board of Directors, which are the relevant decision-making bodies, then determine measures in response. For the physical risks associated with climate change, the Risk Management and Compliance Office plays a pivotal role in establishing regulations in response to these operational risks as part of the BCP *2 system. During emergencies, the office centrally collects Group-wide information, establishing a system to manage company-wide responses. *2 Business Continuity Plan. Metrics and Targets In order to contribute to a decarbonized society, SUBARU has set long-term goals (long-term vision) for 2050 and medium- term goals (milestones) for around 2030, regarding the product (Scope 3) and production phases (Scope 1 and 2). SUBARU is naturally working to improve the fuel efficiency of gasoline-powered vehicles while turning its attention to expanding its lineup of EV models, especially the development and supply of BEVs. We believe it will be especially important to steadily promote the expansion of the above initiatives in order to reduce the amount of CO2 emitted from automobiles. The percentage of SUBARU’s EVs as a share of global sales in FYE March 2022 was 4.9%. However, we will strengthen our earnings base in the BEV era by strengthening our supply capacity for EVs, including the start of in-house BEV production in the mid-2020s in conjunction with the reorganization of our domestic production system, the launch of the next-generation e-BOXER, and the addition of dedicated BEV production lines in the late 2020s. As we do this, we will work to ensure a high level of financial soundness, taking actions in a sustainable structure toward the achievement of our goal of making at least 40% of SUBARU global sales EVs or HEVs. Strategic Reorganization of Domestic Production for the Expansion and Acceleration of Electrified Vehicle Development In order to accelerate efforts in our CO2 Reduction Roadmap, SUBARU is implementing a strategic restructuring of its domestic production system and plans to invest 250 billion yen over five years starting from FYE March 2024. As our roadmap for this production system, we are planning to launch in-house production of BEVs *1 with a target start date around 2025, and to increase BEV supply capacity thereafter in phases. Furthermore, we are exploring the addition of dedicated lines for BEVs in 2027 or later, and will promote the steady installation of the next-generation e-BOXER, which combines our horizontally- opposed engine with the Toyota Hybrid System, in several models. The two main goals of this reorganization of the production system are to build a flexible system that can ensure production of gasoline-powered vehicles and HVs as needed during the transition to BEVs and to achieve efficient production in the BEV business, where there are still many issues of profitability, in order to improve business potential. We believe that the key to promoting SUBARU’s electrification strategy is to provide product value meeting the expectations of customers while assessing the convenience of BEVs, including customer requirements and changes in preferences and values, as well as for infrastructure. This includes changes in markets and regulations toward a decarbonized society, as well as for the purpose of nurturing the relationships with customers that the SUBARU Group has treasured for some time. Based on this concept, we will continue to develop products that satisfy customers and bring them happiness. We will also continue to develop a flexible production system that incorporates the state of the market environment. *1 BEV: Battery electric vehicle 2022 Mid-2020s 2027 or later ICE BEV BEV Kitamoto Plant (Formerly a facility to produce industrial products) Oizumi Plant Yajima Plant Main Plant ICE Next-generation e-BOXER Next-generation e-BOXER e-BOXER Starting in-house BEV production (ICE/BEV mixed production line) Engines Transmissions Adding dedicated BEV production line Next-generation e-BOXER transmissions Strategic reorganization of domestic production Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 84 85 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data Category Target Year Goal Products (Scope 3) 2050 Reduce average well-to-wheel *3 CO2 emissions from new vehicles (in operation) by 90% or more compared to 2010 levels *4 Early 2030s Apply electrification technologies *6 to all SUBARU vehicles *5 produced and sold worldwide Up to 2030 Make at least 40% of SUBARU global sales EVs or HEVs Plants and offices (Scope 1 and 2) FYE March 2051 Achieve carbon neutrality FYE March 2031 Reduce CO2 emissions by 30% compared with FYE March 2017 (total volume basis) *3 Well-to-wheel: Approach to calculating CO2 emissions including the emissions produced by the generation of electricity to be used by EVs and other vehicles. *4 Reduce total CO2 emissions calculated based on the fuel efficiency (notified value) of all SUBARU automobiles sold across the world by 90% or more relative to the 2010 levels in 2050. Changes in the sales quantity due to changes in the market environment shall be taken into consideration, while minor changes in running distance shall not. *5 Including material, chemical, and plastic recycling. *6 Refers to the technology used to foster the use of electricity for EVs, HEVs, and others.

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation
[TABLE] ICE
e-BOXER Next-generation e-BOXER
Yajima Plant
BEV
Starting in-house BEV production (ICE/BEV mixed production line)
[TABLE] Adding dedicated BEV
production line
BEV
Oizumi Plant
Engines
Transmissions
[TABLE] Kitamoto Plant
(Formerly a facility to
produce industrial products) | Next-generation e-BOXER transmissions

[PAGE 45]
CO2 Emissions (Scope 3) Scope: SUBARU: SUBARU CORPORATION Group companies in Japan: 52 domestic consolidated subsidiaries (including 33 SUBARU domestic dealerships that are consolidated subsidiaries) Group companies overseas: Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc., Subaru of America, Inc., Subaru of Canada, Inc., Subaru Research & Development, Inc. SUBARU calculates CO2 emissions within Japan based on the Act on Promotion of Global Warming Countermeasures. However, emission factors for electricity at Group companies overseas are based on the most recent country-specific CO2 emission intensities for all power sources published annually by the International Energy Agency (IEA), while emission factors for fuel at Group companies overseas are based on CO2 emission intensities published by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). CO2 Emissions (Scope 1 and 2) CO2 Emissions in FYE March 2022 (Scope 1, 2, and 3) (t-CO2) 800,000 600,000 400,000 200,000 0 339,030 268,962 271,695 335,513 266,023 335,769 242,332 228,364 243,393 261,214 278,236 316,277 Scope 1 Scope 2 (FYE March) 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Scope 2 228 thousand t (1%) Scope 1 242 thousand t (1%) Scope 3 22,880 thousand t (98%) The majority of the SUBARU Group’s CO2 emissions come from the use of the products it sells, and the SUBARU Group’s direct CO2 emissions (Scope 1 and 2) constitute a marginal portion of total emissions when including Scope 3. However, we believe that making proactive efforts to diminish direct emissions will encourage the entire SUBARU value chain to work as a team and in greater earnest. Therefore, we are reducing our CO2 emissions by using renewable energy and upgrading to highly efficient machinery and equipment with the aim of achieving carbon neutrality in 2050. Scope 1: Direct emissions of greenhouse gases from a company’s own facilities. Scope 2: Indirect emissions of greenhouse gases from the use of purchased or acquired electricity, heat, and/or steam supplied by another company. Scope 3: All indirect emissions other than Scope 1 and 2 emissions, including those arising from the procurement of raw materials, transport, product use, and the disposal process, as well as arising from employee commuting, business travel, etc. Results and future plan of percentage of EVs sold (retail sales basis) 2018 2019 2020 2021 2030 (%) 50 40 30 20 10 0 At least 40% • Adding dedicated BEV production line • Starting in-house BEV production • Equipping with next-generation e-BOXER and other https://www.subaru.co.jp/en/csr/environment/ For other environmental data, please visit: Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 86 87 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data Category Greenhouse Gas Emissions (t-CO2) FYE March 2019 FYE March 2020 FYE March 2021 FYE March 2022 1 Purchased goods and services 1,703,682 1,992,046 1,583,247 1,430,501 2 Capital goods 372,211 413,287 282,713 260,566 3 Fuel- and energy-related activities not included in Scope 1 or Scope 2 103,210 104,910 93,107 90,913 4 Transport and delivery (upstream) 658,268 737,817 601,167 506,604 5 Waste generated in operations 31,984 32,095 26,446 24,888 6 Business travel 4,446 4,554 4,689 4,798 7 Employee commuting 13,506 13,835 14,245 14,576 8 Leased assets (upstream) N/AN/AN/AN/A 9 Transportation, distribution, and sales (downstream) 13,283 6,049 3,893 4,750 10 Processing of sold products N/AN/AN/AN/A 11 Use of sold products 29,079,531 29,734,816 23,916,219 20,126,944 12 End-of-life treatment of sold products 556,139 575,107 484,440 413,368 13 Leased assets (downstream) 2,394 2,463 1,998 2,065 14 Franchises N/AN/AN/AN/A 15 Investments N/AN/AN/AN/A Source: The calculation method for SUBARU Scope 3 emissions has been revised in reference to the Basic Guidelines on Accounting for Greenhouse Gas Emissions throughout the Supply Chain Ver. 2.3 (December 2017) by the Ministry of the Environment and the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry; Database on Emissions Unit Values for Accounting of Greenhouse Gas Emissions, etc., by Organizations Throughout the Supply Chain Ver. 3.0 (March 2020) by the Ministry of the Environment and SUBARU’s life cycle assessment (LCA) calculation standards.

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation
[TABLE] Greenhouse Gas Emissions (t-CO2)
[TABLE] FYE March 2019 | FYE March 2022
[TABLE] 9,03
[TABLE] 8,96
[TABLE] 5,51
[TABLE] 1,69
[TABLE] 5,76
[TABLE] 6,02
[TABLE] 6,27
[TABLE] 8,23
[TABLE] 1,21
[TABLE] 3,39
[TABLE] 8,36
[TABLE] 2,33

[PAGE 46]
Human Resources Training Programs SUBARU offers a wide range of learning opportunities so that all employees can develop their skills in accordance with their career plans and levels. In order to support employee career development, we introduced new programs in FYE March 2022, establishing a system and environment so that we, as a company, support the growth of the individual. Work Style Reform As a precondition to making our customers happy, the SUBARU Group believes it is vital to provide employees with workplaces where they can work with vigor and peace of mind and demonstrate their abilities to the fullest. In order to help diverse employees maintain their work-life balance, we are diversifying work style options and expanding the relevant systems. Moreover, our affiliated companies in Japan and abroad are fostering initiatives suitable for local business conditions and regional characteristics. SUBARU has traditionally allowed employees, regardless of gender, to extend the their childcare leave period to the end of the first April after the child becomes two years old, with the option of taking leave in installments during this period. In addition, we publish the Maternity and Childcare Leave Handbook as well as videos and materials on revisions to Japan's Childcare and Family Care Leave Act, which is to be revised sequentially from FYE March 2023. These are made available to help not only employees taking childcare leave but also so managers can understand the situation, and to help encourage employees to take leave. In the first half of FYE March 2023, 94 male employees have already taken childcare leave, with the average number of days taken being 66. This shows that the awareness of male employees balancing work and childcare, and of the promotion of active roles for female employees, is increasing. Average number of days off taken by male employees under the childcare leave system: 36 days Largest number of days off taken by a male employee: 364 days Special childcare leave taken by employees (Non-consolidated) Number of employees who took leave (up to five days): 563 persons Average number of days off taken under the system: 3.2 days Rate of employees who took special childcare leave or childcare leave (excluding annual paid days off): 89.5% Diversity Management The Diversity Promotion Office of SUBARU’s Human Resources Department leads efforts in relation to diversity. The office has designated “supporting female employees to take on more active roles,” “promoting the employment of people with disabilities,” “promoting the reemployment of post-retirement age workers,” and “promoting the recruitment of non-Japanese workers” as priority themes. Among them, SUBARU has placed particular emphasis on efforts to support and empower female employees. Total participants (FYE March 2022): 27,348 Total training hours: 128,554 Average training hours per employee: 6.5 Note: Self-development support and new employee training (before starting official employment) are not included in the total number of participants or training hours. (Persons) 500 400 300 200 100 0 2018 2019 2020 2021 376 377 461 447 2022 529 (FYE March) Item Details Accurate calculation of employees’ working hours In July 2018, introduced a company-wide attendance management system for the central management of all electromagnetic records (computer log times and building entry/exit times) for the accurate calculation of employees’ working hours. Encouraging employees to take at least five paid days off per year In FYE March 2020, began implementing measures for all employees, including an initiative to encourage employees who are newly entitled to take 10 or more paid days off to take at least five days off within seven months after the entitlement. Also established operational rules to ensure that all employees can take at least five paid days off per year. Imposing an upper limit on overtime working hours Has been limiting the number of overtime work hours to 590 hours and below annually and to 79 hours and below monthly, setting the criteria stricter than those stipulated by law. Raising the premium pay rate for overtime work exceeding 60 hours per month Has been implementing necessary measures since FYE March 2011. Equal pay for equal work Began reviewing the amount of allowances granted to non-regular employees in FYE March 2021. Work-from-home system Conducted a test implementation starting in FYE March 2021, with full rollout to all sites beginning in FYE March 2022. Abolishing mandatory core hours in the flex-time system Full rollout to all sites beginning in FYE March 2022. *4 This law was enacted in June 2018 to revise the labor-related laws to foster work style reform. *1 New *2 According to the method of calculation specified in the Act on Employment Promotion, etc. of Persons with Disabilities, one person with severe disabilities is counted as two persons with disabilities. *5 Percentage of the number of days off taken by employees of the total number of annual paid days off granted to them. Reemployment of Retirees Promoting active roles for female employees Employment of People with Disabilities FYE March Retirees (Persons) Applicants for Reemployment (Persons) Reemployed (Persons) Reemployment Rate (%) 2018 108 83 83 (21) *3 100 2019 107 86 86 (27) 100 2020 164 130 130 (40) 100 2021 97 72 72 (19) 100 2022 130 111 87 (24) 100 FYE March 2022 Proportion of female employees 7.3% Proportion of female managers 2.2% (Breakdown) General managers and equivalent positions 1.2% Managers and equivalent positions 2.4% Sharing Philosophy *1 Career Training *1 Career Support *1 Business Skill Development Support *1 Globally Focused Talent Development Managerial Talent Development Rank-specific Programs Self-development Support Manager Class Philosophy sharing program Career management training Business skill development support programs Mindset/ Communication/ Language skills Programs for selected staff Newly appointed personnel training Training at each business site/Official certification support Mid-level/ Regular Employees Age-specific career training New Hires New employee training (after starting official employment) New employee training (before starting official employment) April 2018 April 2019 April 2020 April 2021 April 2022 Number of employees with disabilities (Persons) *2 269 280 291 306 318 Employment rate of people with disabilities (%) 2.28 2.30 2.30 2.36 2.39 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Encourage employees at each site to take leave every month Proportion of paid days off taken by employees (%) 86.2 85.7 86.4 95.4 88.7 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 System for employees to take care of a family member in need of long-term care Number of employees who took this leave (Persons) 5 9 30 3 4 Status of People with Disabilities Annual Paid Leave Utilization Rate*5 (Non-consolidated) Number of Employees Who Took Childcare Leave (Non-consolidated) Number of Employees Who Took Long-term Care Leave (Non-consolidated) Number of Employees Aged 60 and Older Status of Female Employees (Non-consolidated) Reemployment Rate (Non-consolidated) Structure of Training Programs SUBARU’s response to the Act on the Arrangement of Related Acts to Promote Work Style Reform *4 *3 Figures within parentheses indicate the number of rehired employees at Group companies. Paid Leave Childcare leave system Number of Employees Who Took Long-term Care Leave (FYE March) 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 System for employees to take leave for childcare Number of employees who took leave Male 10 21 42 65 95 Female 88 80 80 93 104 Total 98 101 122 158 199 Rate of employees who returned to work (%) Male 100 100 100 100 100 Female 100 97.5 95 100 98 Rate of employees who belonged to the Company one year after returning to work (%) Male 83.3 100 85 97 92 Female 97.2 90 95 93 95 (FYE March) (FYE March) https://www.subaru.co.jp/en/csr/social/resources/data.html For other employee data, please visit: Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 88 89 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation
[TABLE] Business Skill
Development
Support*1 | Globally Focused
Talent
Development
[TABLE] Manager
Class
[TABLE] Mid-level/
Regular
Employees
[TABLE] New Hires
[TABLE] April
2018
[TABLE] April
2019 | April
2020

[PAGE 47]
Global Network Main Overseas Business Sites Main Domestic Business Sites Subaru Europe N.V./S.A. Subaru Italia S.p.A. N.V. Subaru Benelux Subaru Vehicle Distribution B.V. Subaru of China Ltd. Subaru Technology Beijing. Co., Ltd. Subaru of America, Inc. North American Subaru, Inc. Subaru Research & Development, Inc. Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. Production Models: Legacy, Outback, Impreza, and Ascent Subaru Canada, Inc. Gunma Plant Plant Production Models and Parts Main Plant Levorg, Impreza, SUBARU XV, WRX, and SUBARU BRZ Yajima Plant Legacy, Outback, Impreza, SUBARU XV, and Forester Oizumi Plant Automobile engines and transmissions Handa Plant Handa West Plant Utsunomiya Plant Tokyo Office Automotive Business Unit Aerospace Company Aerospace Company Head Office Global Network History of the SUBARU Group The SUBARU group, which can trace some of its roots to Aircraft Research Laboratory, has continuously nurtured highly creative technologies and increased corporate value by enhancing the SUBARU brand to respond to major changes in the times. 1917 Establishment of Aircraft Research Laboratory 1931 Establishment of Nakajima Aircraft Co., Ltd. 1945 Change of company name from Nakajima Aircraft to Fuji Sangyo 1953 Establishment of Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd. Start of aircraft production and automobile development 1960 Opening of the Gunma Main Plant 1960 Listing of shares on the Tokyo Stock Exchange 1966 Signing of a business alliance agreement with Isuzu Motors Ltd. 1968 Establishment of Subaru of America, Inc. (SOA) 1968 Dissolution of the business alliance with Isuzu Motors Ltd. 1968 Signing of a business alliance agreement with Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. 1968 Start of exports of Robin engines for snowmobiles to Polaris (U.S.) 1969 Start of operation of the Yajima Plant 1972 Release of the Leone 4WD Estate Van, the world’s first mass-production 4WD passenger vehicle 1978 Conclusion of a 767 business agreement with Boeing 1983 Start of full-scale operation of the Oizumi Plant 1987 Release of the Justy model equipped with the world’s first electro-continuously variable transmission (ECVT) 1987 Establishment of Subaru-Isuzu Automotive, Inc. (SIA) in the U.S. in a joint venture with Isuzu Motors Ltd. 1989 Establishment of Subaru Canada, Inc. (SCI) 1989 Completion of Subaru Research & Testing Center (SKC) 1990 Subaru of America (SOA) made a wholly owned subsidiary 1991 Participation in the Boeing 777 program 1993 Start of operation of the Handa Plant 1999 Capital and business alliance with General Motors Corporation (GM) (U.S.) 1999 Business alliance with Suzuki Motor Corporation 2000 Dissolution of the business alliance with Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. 2002 Dissolution of the SIA joint venture with Isuzu Motors Ltd. and formal signing of a contract production agreement 2003 The Legacy wins the 2003–2004 Car of the Year Japan award 2003 Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. (SIA) made a wholly owned subsidiary 2005 Participation in the Boeing 787 program Delivery of main wings for next-generation transport aircraft and next-generation fixed-wing patrol aircraft 2005 Dissolution of the alliance with GM, agreement to enter into a business alliance with Toyota Motor Corporation 2007 Start of production of Toyota cars (Camry) at SIA 2012 Start of knockdown production of the SUBARU XV in Malaysia 2012 Termination of production of mini-vehicles and shift to marketing on an OEM basis 2014 Signing of an agreement to participate in a project to develop and mass produce the Boeing 777X 2016 Termination of contract production of the Toyota Camry at SIA Transfer of production of Impreza vehicles for North America to SIA 2016 All-new Impreza Sport/G4 wins the 2016–2017 Car of the Year Japan award 2017 Change of company name to Subaru Corporation 2017 Termination of production and sales of Subaru general-purpose engines and generators 2018 Introduction of the SUBARU BELL 412EPX helicopter 2019 Agreement on the further developing and strengthening of Subaru’s long-term partnership with Toyota Motor Corporation under a new business and capital alliance 2020 The new Levorg wins the 2020–2021 Car of the Year Japan award 1946 Production of the first Rabbit Scooter Integrated Report 2022 Integrated Report 2022 90 91 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data Subaru R&E Center (Bifuka) Subaru R&E Center (Sano) Head Office

[PAGE 48]
Corporate Data (As of March 31, 2022) Company Name SUBARU CORPORATION Established July 15, 1953 Paid-In Capital ¥153,795 million Fiscal Year-End March 31 Accounting Auditors KPMG AZSA LLC Main Businesses Automotive: The manufacture, sale, and repair of passenger cars and their components Aerospace: The manufacture, sale, and repair of airplanes, aerospace-related machinery, and their components Corporate Data Stock Information (As of March 31, 2022) Common Stock Authorized 1,500,000,000 shares Common Stock Issued 769,175,873 shares Number of Shareholders 147,507 Number of Shares per Trading Unit 100 shares Stock Exchange Listing Tokyo Stock Exchange (Prime Market) Securities Code 7270 Transfer Agent and Account Management Institution of Special Accounts Mizuho Trust & Banking Co., Ltd. 3–3, Marunouchi 1-chome, Chiyoda–ku, Tokyo 100–8241, Japan Tel: 0120-288-324 (toll free) Treasury stock 1,848 thousand shares 0.24% Financial institutions 225,993 thousand shares 29.38% Foreign institutions and others 233,778 thousand shares 30.39% Japanese corporations and others 181,765 thousand shares 23.63% Individuals and others 93,992 thousand shares 12.22% Securities companies 31,797 thousand shares 4.13% Name Number of Shares Held (in thousands) Percentage of Total Shares Held Toyota Motor Corporation 1 Toyota-Cho, Toyota City, Aichi Prefecture, Japan 153,600 20.02 The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust account) 2-11-3 Hamamatsucho, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan 112,370 14.64 Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust account) 1-8-12 Harumi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan 37,844 4.93 BNYM TREATY DTT 15 240 GREENWICH STREET, NEW YORK, NY 10286 U.S.A. 16,759 2.18 MIZUHO SECURITIES ASIA LIMITED-CLIENT A/C 12TH FLOOR, CHATER HOUSE, 8 CONNAUGHT ROAD, CENTRAL, HONG KONG 10,165 1.32 STATE STREET BANK WEST CLIENT - TREATY 505234 1776 HERITAGE DRIVE, NORTH QUINCY, MA 02171, U.S.A. 10,136 1.32 Mizuho Bank, Ltd. 1-5-5 Otemachi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan 10,078 1.31 JPMorgan Securities Japan Co., Ltd. 2-7-3 Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan 8,841 1.15 STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMPANY 505103 P.O. BOX 351, BOSTON, MA 02101 U.S.A. 8,651 1.13 Sompo Japan Insurance Inc. 1-26-1 Nishishinjuku, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo, Japan 8,267 1.08 Major Shareholders Note 1: Number of shares held are rounded down to the nearest thousand shares Note 2: The percentage of total shares held is calculated based on the number of shares excluding treasury stock of 1,848,102 shares Breakdown of Shareholders Head Office Ebisu Subaru Bldg. 1-20-8, Ebisu, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo, Japan Number of Affiliates 94 (86 subsidiaries, 7 affiliated companies, and 1 other affiliated company) Number of Employees 16,961 (consolidated: 36,910) (excluding executive officers, advisors and transferred employees) Website Addresses Corporate website: https://www.subaru.co.jp/en/ Investor information website: https://www.subaru.co.jp/en/ir/ Note: Number of shares held are rounded down to the nearest thousand shares Integrated Report 2022 92 Value Creation Story Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation Commentary on Strategy Corporate Data

[TABLE] Commentary on Strategy | Mechanisms Supporting Value Creation
[TABLE] Name | Number of
Shares Held
(in thousands) | Percentage
of Total
Shares Held

[PAGE 49]
Ebisu Subaru Bldg., 1-20-8, Ebisu, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo 150-8554, Japan Phone : +81-3-6447-8000 https://www.subaru.co.jp/en/ir/